{"label": 0, "raw": "I only watched the Wanda Sykes portion of this show. I think it was interesting to watch because it was before she came out as a lesbian. She was married to a man at the time. She actually made some jokes that raised my eyebrows since she is now a lesbian. I didn't like this because it seemed hypocritical but I think Wanda Sykes is really funny. She is one of the few comedians who can make me really LOL (Laugh Out Loud). If you want to see what her comedy was like before she came out a lesbian or you are a Wanda Sykes fan, watch it. I am a huge fan of hers. I would like to see her in a live how. I am glad she is true to herself now and came out as a lesbian. I hope Wanda keeps on making me and others laugh for a long time to come."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series revolves around 4 friends who run a bar in Philadelphia and who go through a variety of difficult but extremely funny and often extravagant situations. I had heard of the series previously but was only convinced of buying it after seeing an intervewi with the actress. What a suprise: this is a somewhat lesscorrect version of Friends meets My Name Is Earl. I agree that this may not be correct at all since this series has no respect for conventional moarl issues such as lying about having cancer, discovering a friend's grandfather was a nazi. It also tackles the strange love men sometimes has for guns ets... In some ways it is difficult to describe and understand if you have not seen this gem of comedy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "funny thing. My brother's been trying to get me to watch this show forever. As it turns out, I get the videos of the day, everyday, and one was Charlie Day giving the commencement speech at his alma mater, Merrimack college in New Hampshire. it was then I realized that its Always Sunny in Philadelphia, was his show, and he's from New Hampshire where I'm from also.of course, this is what prompted me to actually start watching the show. I really enjoy it, it almost seems unscripted. The best part is, it's on Amazon Prime for free. How can you beat that!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love it's always sunny and wanted to own the seasons, but didn't want to spend a lot of money. Came to Amazon and managed to buy seasons 1-6 for less then $25!! Way pumped!The discs were clean, no scratches, worked perfectly. No problems at allAs for the first seasons of it's always sunny, you either like it or you don't. I used to hate this show, but it's now one of my favorite shows. If you haven't seen it yet, then get on it player!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had a hard time following this show when it was on TV but now that it is on Prime I can watch the episodes in a row without commercial interruption. I now can watch all of them at my leisure. I am so excited that I can't wait for another day to watch more! And I think Keifer Sutherland makes the show. I would like to tell all viewers out there that you should be on Prime because all of these episodes are for free with your membership. Many of your TV episode series are for free and tons of movies. So you all out there join Amazon Prime!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Just finished the 5th season of this very riveting series. I must admit the season started off with a Bang! When you watch it you will see what I mean. However, about mid season I had to push myself a little to get through to the last 1/3 of season, and I am SO glad I did! WOW! talk about being on the edge of my seat. This season really does have more of an edge to it. A fictional Syntox gas, nerve agent,  is involved, terrorist plots, political corruption and some of the main characters are bumped off! Loved this season and would highly recommend it to anyone!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "24 is the most  fun series I have ever seen on tv.  I love keifer Sutherland and it appears to me that a lot of actors get good parts and get in a lot of acting.  Also this series has people, even the bad guys speaking articulately and very rationally.  We are seeing a show full of admirable people not a bunch of losers.  That must be a part of the popularity of the series.Note something else, these people comply with the human requirement  of pronouncing judgement."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season two ended with the murder of Caitlin Todd by the double agent Ari.The NCIS team is not going to allow this to go unpunished and the first two shows deal with this.Former Mossad intelligence officer Ziva David's replacement of Caitlin is not without problems as the team deals with both loss and acceptance.Complicating matters is a new director that has a romantic past with Gibbs.This season the Director of NCIS moves out of the shadows and into the light.  From now on, the Director is a full-fledged character and an important part of the story.Tony, Tim, Abby, Ducky and Jimmy are perfect in their roles.Jethro is boss, maverick and teacher while being larger than life.The cases are engrossing, complex and intelligent.The on-going interactions and personal stories support the show and fit the characters.This is an excellent series and this is an excellent season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My first Dr. Who was Tom Baker back in the 1980s. I watched every episode and even taped them to watch over and over.  When many years later I found the early ones I laughed because they were so silly and the technology was hysterical, cardboard, plastic tape, logic errors, and then I realized that they were made in the  1960s and were made for children.  Funny, I never thought of it as a children's show.  I was nearly 50 when I first watched and it grabbed me instantly!  So now I am over 80 and I still love it.  Even these funny old ones.  A truly wonderful show for any age."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "starting with an actor who was noted for military roles and still going on today Dr. Who is part of many of our lives.The original shows were on miniscule budgets and demanded a lot more imagination from the viewers than today's shows.The Aztecs in this show were probably more comfortable on the London Underground than in the Central American jungles but that doesn't matter.The Doctor is a far cry from today's version-  with no real alien identity (two movies had him as definitely an elderly Earthman)- but that didn't matter- kids loved it and more than a couple of their parents too!.A captivating history lesson"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The older Dr. Who series always has a theatre quality to it. Tom Baker is the Doctor I grew up with, so it feels good to stop by and see these episodes again. This one features Romana, one of the better companions I feel (though she was kind of forced on the Doctor).Generations today always want a female Time Lord (ok by me), and well, there you go. Romana is a Time &#34;Lady&#34;. She's as smart as the Doctor, but lacks the experience he has traveling the universe.  She also seems to usually be very calm in a tight situation against his silly antics some times. They make a good pair.So if you ever wanted to see what a female Time Lord (excuse me, Lady) might be like, check out these episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've been a Mythbusters fan for a long time and while I'm still not used to the US narrator (coming from the UK where it is narrated by a Brit) I made my way through all the Mythbusters series again on Amazon Prime.The show takes us through those things we always thought we knew about but often didn't. Watching the whole seasons through, it is obvious that while Adam and Jamie were younger in this season they were also a lot angrier at each other. Perhaps they learned each others quirks as the seasons progressed but it is interesting to go back to the early days. You can also view how the budget for the show started increasing over time as their initial experiments were low cost and generally done near the shop, now they have massive explosions in man made lakes and mining quarrys.I recommend this show to my friends and it is often discussed in the work place. Everyone with an interest in science, explosions and humour should be watching this show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My children love this show. I will give a great example from my four year old from last week. We come to a stop sign and she reads S T O P and says that spells stop. We were really impressed, we have been working on letters for quite a while now, but she could comprehend  stop means stop. We  asked her if she learned it in K-3. She said no she learned it on blues clues. Just a side note I know some people are going to read this and say. Well if he didn't have his kid in day care they would be smart... or something of that ilk. Our children are in a small Christian school and they didn't have enough teachers so my wife became a full time volunteer to help the kids. I'm not a fan of preschool, I do not sit in judgment of those who do. It's just a personal choice for us. Back to the show my children have learned so much from this show. hope this helps."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My two-year old daughter LOVES this show.It's interactive: it engages the viewer to repeat a set of instructions, dance, and shout at Dora's nemesis, Swiper, \"Swiper, no swiping!\" The cast includes Dora, Boots (her sidekick), the Map (it gives directions to help Dora on her journey), the Backpack (provides a toolkit to resolve any issues), and Swiper the Fox.The show is also educational because it teaches viewers a Spanish word or two during the show. Think Spanish 101. In fact, some people I know brush up on their Spanish by watching a few episodes before taking a Spanish quiz in class (yes, Dora's pretty thorough).The storylines are predictable, yet they are always entertaining to my two-year old. Not a day goes by where she isn't yelling at the TV, \"Swiper, no swiping!\""}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What a morose way to end such a fun series. I always said that if they ever began taking this show seriously, it would come to a bad end, and I was right. It's like, we're ending the season with no sense of humor. In fact, we're gonna off the Asgard by letting them commit mass suicide and then we're going to spring a Greek tragedy on poor T'ealc. This show succeeded through its sense of humor (why else watch a show where everyone within three galaxies all speak 21st century English? Duh!). Now it fades into oblivion without any sense of fulfillment. What a shame. Maybe that's why this season is going for $29! I'd rather buy two copies of Season 1! How do I pick zero stars?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'll admit, this is not one of my favorite episodes. This episode was not great, but it was okay. It gave you a bit of a background look into Valla and her family. The showing of Vala's father in this was very nice, as we don't know much about her, besides her being a thief before. Also, this was a good opportunity to see Landry and his family a little closer. However, the funniest and most favorite part of mine will always be the ending. Probably one of the funniest scenes in the SG-1 series. I feel so sorry for Teal'c. Good episode."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Always buy this series, and am sorry that it is, as a weekly show, ending.Therefore it is good to be able to have the last season (I have all the others) as it is one of the best in the field - science fiction - apart from old faithful Star Trek. Always miss Richard Dean Anderson, that wry and handsome wit, but Shanks and Browder, let alone Claudia Black, what a terrific actor! more than make up for his loss. I always wish more of Amanda Tapping's abilities apart from sheer mathematics that she is forced by plot to come out with at least four or five times per episode could be utilized in more interesting directions, but she is the greatest also. Look forward to her in Stargate Atlantis.Stargate SG-1 season 10 is a worthy product and has been added to my collection with great satisfaction.Linda Sheean"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While the writers gave us a new enemy in the Ori it also felt a little redundant to do so somewhat since they already were notified that the series would end here. It felt like the writers were hoping that the backers and producers would renew the series for this new saga but after ten years it was time to give the series a decent finale and while you do get the finale it felt a little weak for what the series was.If you already have the other past seasons and for the price of this set I'd say go ahead and add it to your t.v. show collection while not on par with the past eight seasons it still has for the most part an intriguing story and cast to make you watch the season through to the end."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The very dated soundtrack hurts this otherwise OK 70s crime drama. All the suspense scenes are marred by the hokey Dave Grusin score, which sounds like a dippy 1960s TV show. Some of the dialogue is spoken so quickly and mumbled that I found it hard to make out. Some have made a bit much of the Boston accents here. I'm from Massachusetts. Mitchum's accent isn't bad, but it's not fully real. His performance as the small-time crook-turned-rat who fears going back to jail is fine, but it's no Oscar winner. I did like the depiction of early 70s Boston and its suburbs, replete with many of the horrible vintage 60s and 70s Detroit autos of the period. Seeing them again made me shudder. This was based on what was probably George Higgins' best crime novel. I've never read it. Don't expect today's production values with this film. Everything moves a lot more slowly, and many shots needed tighter editing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This film was a minor letdown after reading all the five star reviews.  There's nothing intrinsically wrong with the film.  My theory is that after years of being out of circulation it's reputation exceeds it's actual artistic worth.  Everything here is aces, though.  Good direction, atmosphere and writing.  The acting is superb with the stolid Robert Mitchum leading the cast.  I particularly liked Steven Keats' gundealer and Richard Jordan's duplicitous fed.  I think we've been spoiled by the high quality of films in this genre with Sidney Lumet's \"Prince of the City\" and Martin Scorsese's \"The Departed\".  Recommended without reservation but not as enthusiastically as some."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Mitchum is always spell binding & he is again.  As a kid \"Thunder Road\" became part of my psyche (saw at a drive-in).  The song - I will remember to my grave.  Keely Smith as his girl friend couldn't have been more seductive or more in love w/her moonshine runner.  Mitchum always managed to be in trouble no matter which side of the law he was on.  His classic detective films are hard to find - \"The Big Sleep\" & \"Farewell My Lovely\".  AGAIN why do most reviewers blab it all?  Paragraphs & paragraphs & paragraphs telling one about a film...ever so boring.  Me thinks these folks have too much time on their hands.  I digress...this film is certainly worth watching.  Impossible to notice other actors - Mitchum w/his sleepy eyes & conspicuous laid back attitude could charm the fur off a pussy cat..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this series. This is the third or fourth time through for me. The characters of John Shepherd, Tayla, Dr Weir, Ronan and Dr. Becket and Dr McKay are unforgettable. It is a wonderful space fantasy. Whenever I want to escape into another world I go to Stargate Atlantis. I imagine how cool it would be to travel to other worlds through a stargate/wormhole and meet other people who of course speak my language, English. The SG-1 series is good too and was the beginning of the Stargate series. In the beginning of Stargate Atlantis Jack O'Neil passes the torch to John Shepherd. Very cool indeed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While this series hasn't reached the level as its predecessor overall the series does grow in entertainment and quality per episode, especially as we get some screen time with some of the other background characters in the series as well.  While the Wraith remain the primary enemy on the series we also get some intrusion from past enemies as well from G'aould to the Replicators as well as some cameo time from some of the SG1 team members too.  While Shepard is no Jack O'Neill he has started getting his own personality it seems that fits the series well and while the super model leader Teyla still feels unneeded she has become somewhat less annoying in the series as well.  If you have the Stargate series I say for the price these sets are going for that it's a pretty good bargain to add the five seasons of Stargate Atlantis to the shelf as well...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved this season of Bones even more than season one, as more of the cast are developing to fuller characters, with new subplots to keep things tied together, and more really cool forensics.Dr Brennan (Emily Deschanel) continues to struggle with her desire to feel normal emotional connection, while her intellect keeps her from exactly getting there, and while the chemical tension with her partner simmers under the surface. Thrown into the mix are new moral dilemmas due to her developing knowledge of her birth family, and shades of gray start to infiltrate her world of black and white. Can one be a moral (justified) killer? Etc. Forgiveness and love are examined in rather unique waysBones is very good TV, that I can enjoy with both my wife and my teens.So if you have already watched season one, get season two (but really, watch one first for the character development that is quite good) and have a marathon fun weekend!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Whiel the first season of Bones was slightly imperfect, partly due to the real geekiness of its actors, it was a pleasure to watch. Fortunately with Season two the craetors have managed to make this an even better series. Boreanaz' stigma of having played Angel in the Buffy franchise is now completely gone and we can identify him with agent Booth completely. Bones social ineptitude is also put more on clear display this time. These are the two main things that mange to make the chemistry between them even stronger than last season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Fortunately, the second season of BONES mantains the high standards achieved int he first season.The chemistry between Bones and Booth only improves. Also, the additon of a new female head chief (Cam)for the Jeffersonian team was a clever idea and worked nicely. This, adding to intriguing plots, superb support roles by Ryan O'Neil and Stephen Fry, scaring villains like Eppes and the guy that buried BOnes (the first case to not be solved - probably until further episodes!)and the \"love angle\" with Hodgins and Angela conspired to make this great television."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved Kathy Reichs' books centering on the Temperence Brennen character and read them all.  The show is somewhat different from the books but still very pleasing.  Reichs continues act as an executive producer/consultant and it shows in the forensic goodies.  Emily Deschanell is perfectly cast for her role as the tile character, and David Boreanz as well as her FBI cohort.  Plenty of humor to offset the gruesome details of the murders they investigate.  If you like crime procedurals, you won't be disappointed in this show.  There is also some nice romantic interplay among the various cast members as well.  A very attractive cast.  The shows are consistently enjoyable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is one of my favorite comfort series and is great for a good cheer up.  Hyacinth's life revolves around appearing &#34;better&#34; than her station would really allow and is hilarious.  Having someone of high quality nod at her in her mind makes her best friends that she can brag about.  Patricia Routledge is excellent in her role as are the actors her play her husband, friends and family.  If you haven't seen this show, you need to.  You won't be disappointed!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you enjoyed Season 1 of Hyacinth and her attempts to impress all her friends and acquaintances, then you will also enjoy Season 2.  Brother- in-law Onslow and sisters Daisy and Rose keep popping up just in time to overturn Hyacinth and Richard's dinner party plans or a visit to a nobleman' s estate. Neighbors, the milkman, and and the postman also try their best to avoid Hyacinth, but can't quite seem to sneak by her house without running into her and getting a lecture on having cleaner shoes, better milk bottles, finding lost mail, etc. Of course, having her 90 year old \"Daddy\" thinking he needs to protect the area from imaginary bomb attacks doesn't help Hyacinth in her quest to be the best hostess either. Enjoy another fun filled season!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have given this 4 stars for only one reason; it has an excellent ending in the tradition of the best classic science fiction tradition. That's what really saved the series for me. It's not a huge time investment, and it's worth watching despite the terrible acting (even the good actors are appallingly bad) and the bizarre plot (it's as if the writers wanted to cram several completely different plots into one short mini-series, leading to a real mess). If you love classic science fiction I think this is worth a try, but if you stop before the end you'll probably be left disappointed, as in all other regards this is a 2-star show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched this because the Brits usually do a good job with good production values, casting and story lines.  However, in this case it proved a waste of 5 hours. The writers, directors and editors should be ashamed to put their names in the credits.  Important things happen with no apparent reason and the watcher is left scratching his/her head wondering what was the point.  The American general is miscast and not believable.  Lots of clicking of computer keyboards for solutions that never seem to work out. The ending stinks!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Horatio and his crew just keep on doing what they do best, convict the folks that think its easy to get away with killing folks.  They do it with style, class, determination and sometimes a sense of humor as well.  Really loved the season 5 opening episode in Brazil that was really cool to see them go there and take down a criminal that thought he was getting away with killing someone dear to Horatio.  Very solid season 5 throughout with various crimes and different drama that affected everyone at the CSI office from gambling to ex's that just won't go away.  It has something for everyone especialy loved the special features with Wolf (Ryan Togo) showing us the ends and outs of the real CSI Miami office and what goes on there very cool.Looking forward to season 6 with the way this one ended, i know it come out in typical CSI Miami fashion with a bang."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am one of those people who chooses not to pay for cable so I buy the programs I enjoy and know that will enjoy watch many times.  This series is one of my favorites and I have just about all of the seasons.  I really like William Peterson so I am not sure I will buy any more once he leaves in season 8 or 9.  I find that when I watch them again I see something I missed the times before so it is well worth the money to be able to have control over what I watch and when I watch it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "who thought that a show about mathematics and crime solving would be both interesting and engaging to watch at the same time.  Season 3 is chock full of engaging characters, situations and stories that will keep any and all interested in this ever growing and popular TV show.  Numb3rs is on the way up and Season 3 has more than enough intrigue, mystery, romance and quite a bit of betrayal in it (The Janus List) a lot of things get brought out into the open and one surprise that i didnt ever see coming at all.Enjoy this one because from the looks of it Rob Morrow, David Krumholtz, Judd Hirsch and the rest of the gang are in for heck of a ride in Season 4."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a re-packaging of the Original Series Season 1 box set. It includes only the first two discs with the first 16 episodes.Only for those who don't want to buy an entire first season!Disc 11. The Galaxy Being2. The Hundred Days Of The Dragon3. The Architects Of Fear4. The Man With The Power5. The Sixth Finger6. The Man Who Was Never Born7. O.B.I.T.8. The Human FactorDisc 29. The Corpus Earthling10. Nightmare11. It Crawled Out Of The Woodwork12. The Borderland13. Tourist Attraction14. The Zanti Misfits15. The Mice16. Controlled ExperimentFive Stars because the first season of the original series was great!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "1) if you are sentimental2) if you are squaemish3) you are afraid of blood4) you are afraid of sharp implements5) the sight of a dismembered body makes you want to switch to Teletubbies6) you like movies about pretty girls in pink dresses (not the girls cut into pink ribbons)7) if you believe that ANY human life is sacred8) you do not believe in getting rid of verminWATCH IF: you sense of humor is several shades of black, you like your knives sharp as your mind (or vice versa) and your steak raw."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I never would have thought I would enjoy a show like this. WOW...what a show. Honestly, I could do without the foul language and the nudity and in most cases such would cause me to go elsewhere. But this show is one of the BEST crime drama's I've ever seen. The main character, Dexter Morgan, is one of the BEST lead characters ever. The supporting cast of characters (everyone from his sister to girlfriend(s) to the many police officers) are all excellent as well. But wow...the story is soo good! It just pulls you in and keeps you wanting more."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This set has been reviewed extensively so I won't get into too much detail except for why I gave it 5 stars. There are a lot of repetitive shows out there, about 100 regarding vampires, another hundred crime or law shows, etc. Yes, this is a crime show but they put a spin on it like no other. A serial killer who kills serial killers, rapists, murderers, etc? Awesome. The narration is actually amusing. The storytelling is amazing. I love it. It gets my 5 star vote."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "or those that can't stand the sight of blood because it is in abundance in this show.  Along with Dexter (a guy with more skeletons in his closet than a graveyard) and his repressed memories of a violent tragic indicent early in his life.  As the season builds we get to see glimpses of it with more and more being revealed until.  It builds up with a face to face confrontation with the Ice Truck Killer (a few surprises) abound in the first season finale and it leaves things wide open.  For the series and all of its characters.I believe that Season 2 will continue to impress and draw in new folks in the process.  Excellent story, lead and supporting characters and backgrounds leaves you with the first season of Dexter.  An up and coming show that gives those established shows a serious run for their money."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What a clever premise!  A sociopath with serial killer tendencies is spotted at a very early age by a seasoned police officer (while the child is up for adoption).  The Officer adopts the child and takes the opportunity to carefully ingrain in him that he is ONLY to kill others like him...serial killers....who have managed to slip through the system and remain free.  Dexter learns to be one of the best blood spatter experts at the police station.This is extraordinarily interesting as Dexter narrates his inner most thoughts, and we get to learn how a sociopath, with no empathy or understanding of how \"normal\" people feel, navigates through society mimicking how people behave.  That is fascinating.  The acting is dead-on and the writing is crisp and taught.  My ONLY issue with this series is the foul, gutter mouth of Dexter's sister...it is so extreme that it feels like slaps in the face.Really good television."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Don't get me wrong, its an entertaining show, and at 20 bucks, you should definitely grab it.  To compare it to shows like Six Feet Under is absolutely ridiculous though.  The idea of Dexter being a sociopath is not exploited to its full potential, IMO.  Too much of the time he blends in so much you forget all about it, then you have to be reminded by forced voice overs and flashbacks.  This is a good DVD set though, I see lots of folks complaining about the transfer.  What can I say, don't spend 50 zillion bucks on your TV/Home theatre and you won't be so disappointed.  For 20 bones you get 12 doses of Dexter, AND two episodes of Brotherhood, and one of The Tudors if you have the time to screw around with the PC feature.  Not bad considering that people were lining up out the door to fork over 100 bucks for The Sopranos not too long ago."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the introduction season.  They want us to learn about the characters and take an interest in them.Dexter is a sociopath serial killer.  Adopted and raised by a police officer, Dexter learned to appear \"normal\".Training as a forensic specialist, coupled with his Father's training keeps his killings from official notice.Set in Miami, Dexter works for the police helping them solve cases.  Along the way, Dexter kills the bad people that have beaten the system.This season revolves around \"The Ice Truck Killer\" and how this affects Dexter.The humor is dark.  The dialog is witty and cutting.  The acting is above average, no one is miscast and all work well together.The story line is not overly complex.  If you think about it, you will see where the story is going.  Even with that, it is fun.If you find the idea of a serial killer working for the cops funny, you should enjoy this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well, I have to say, when I heard about this show.....I detested the idea, thought it was gloryfiying serial killers....SWORE I would never watch......happened to be trapped working out and watching TV when a episode came on....I thought Meh....just get it over with....well I was hooked from the first scene....I couldn't hardly wait for the next weeks episode, so I decided to give in to my \"dark side\"....lol...and buy the first and second season.  I REALLY like this show, it is slick, entertaining, innovative, well written and acted.....over all as stated in the title this is just a BRILLIANT show and I am really glad I was forced to give it a chance and not miss out on this stellar show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Dexter is the most amazing, clever, funny, dark and thrilling program I've almost ever seen.  It is brilliant and unique and interesting and thoroughly enjoyable.  The fact that we can actually like a serial killer is amazing in itself.Michael C Hall is fantastic as Dexter.  He is intelligent, lost, and almost unable to feel love for another human.  The story lines are chilling and keep you on the edge of your seat - you are always guessing.  The writing is superb and witty and smart.  I never read Jeff Lindsays books, but now I think I'll go buy them and read cover to cover.Trust me; this show is one that grabs you and won't let go till the ride is over.  Just when you think you have things figured out, they might take a different turn.  It's addictive and one of the best programs you'll ever see.  It's great and I love this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This isn't one of those shows or movies about a serial killer who just does it for fun.  Dexter Morgan targets people very specifically and only those whom he believes have crossed a line or violated one of his standards.  For example, Dex would never molest or kill a child, so he kills a man who has done such things to choir boys.  This is not a defense of Dex, just a clarification.What makes him even more complex is that he did not suffer abuse at the hands of his loving foster parents; he maintains a good relationship with his sister, a cop; he works as a forensic examiner for the police; he fakes emotions as best he can with  his girlfriend and her kids; and feels nothing at all, most of the time, unless it's a sense that he must get rid of someone.Michael C. Hall's performance and voiceover work are very strong. He's stretched out further than he could with his character on the late, great Six Feet Under."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 5 takes a turn with the introduction of Forest Whitaker as LT Jon Kavanaugh.  Prior to his departure, Kavanaugh had been tasked by Captain Aceveco to find the dirt on Vic.  Hellbent and determined, Kavanaugh does his best to do so.I don't know whether it was his character, his acting or the side story, but I didn't like the introduction of Kavanaugh to the series.  Sure, I believe many think the introduction may have been needed, but the subplot was often way too distracting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Since this has been out for a while, and if you're researching season 5, hopefully you've already seen the 4 before it, I'll make it short.I've seen every episode of The Shield, and the finale of this season is one of the best episodes of TV - of ANY show - that I've ever seen.I think it's the second best season (second only to season 1) that this show has ever had.If you're a fan of the show, what are you waiting for?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My two favorite shows of the past ten years have been \"The Sopranos\" and \"The Shield.\"  As \"The Sopranos\" limps into its final season--let's face it, that show hasn't had the same compelling intensity since its first three incredible seasons--\"The Shield\" is still kicking major butt.The quality has never let up and I would highly recommend that you watch every season from the very beginning.  The writing is so inventive and the acting is just dynamite.I can't wait to see where they're going with this!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As a brand name, as a product, I trust South park to deliver entertainment quality more than any other.  the Simpsons were great at one time, but the tired series drags on, so DVD's of its latter years are as tired as its writing staff.  South Park on the other hand is as vibrant as it ever was.  The incredibly audacious creators of the series are the two most insolent creeps to ever blacken a studio.  However, funny is funny.  Moreover, whereas the Simpsons do not make many polical points (being in prime time on network tv), South Park makes few shows that do NOT have political points.  They skewer virtually everyone.  Who else would show Gene Siskel, the harmless affable film critic,and JFK, in hell?  They are at their best when WE are at our worst.  As we cower before threats from overseas, they did a brilliant piece about literally putting your head in the sand."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I knew about Auschwitz, of course...conceptually I knew what had been done there and I knew the horror of it.  I just didn't grasp the full depth of WHY, nor did I realize how things were done.  This documentary series is mind opening.  It uses recently discovered plans and recreates what things would have looked like, it interviews people who made it through, it tells the story of the countless people who did NOT make it through and it helps us see with even greater clarity that this kind of atrocity must never ever be allowed to occur again."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When this first came out I said bah! don't like donald sutherland, probably won't like his son, so I never watched it when it was on tv.When I got amazon prime, I was watching Life, loved that, 24 kept coming up as a recommended show, so I said what the heck?? Wow, it is so engaging, I'd stay up til 4am watching episode after episode.It would be nice if 24:Redemption was free to watch too, anyone want to loan me theirs? was it made into DVD?Some of the twists in season 6 seemed rather implausible but whatever, I won't go into it. Love the show, looking forward to watching the rest of it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm a huge fan of \"24\" however I must say that whoever wrote the 2-3 line synopses of the Season 6 epidosdes should ask for his or her money back from whatever institution of higher learning they attended.  The introductory sentences that tell about each new episode on the roster should really give some good information about what's in that segment and it can be done by almost anyone who learned even the basics of writing in grammar school. I can't imagine that Amazon and the people who produce \"24\" would allow some imbecile to degrade their work even with something as small as this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When season 5 ended we left Jack on a freighter headed towards China.  When season 6 started Jack is being returned, complete with scars and a dazed expression, to be traded in a \"Bauer for Bombs\" exchange.  \"President Palmer the lesser\" bows out in the middle of the series to let the vice-president, who is diddling his turn coat assistant, run amock and make a lot of bad decisions that keeps the plot rolling along.  His chief of staff handles the dual role of good guy/bad guy (at the same time) well.  Back at CTU Mary Lynn must still have that bad smelling limburger cheese sandwich in her desk as her expression remains puckered again this year.  I'm not saying I didn't have fun watching the current series - just that it may be getting a little chiche (but we still haven't jumped the shark)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After two years in a Chinese prison, Jack Bauer is returned to America in order for C.T.U. to get the location of the man putting off bombs. Jack finds out it's all for nothing and escapes to help save the day. Throughout this day, Jack teams up with terrorist who wants peace, there is an attack on President Wayne Palmer, the Vice President wants to bomb another country, Jack must find 5 suitcase nukes, stop his dad and brother, help his nephew, and a whole lot more! This is one of the better seasons. One of the characters I don't really like at first is Tom Lennox, then later in the day, I start to like him. Then, I don't really like Vice President Noah Daniels, but toward the end of the day, I kinda like him. If you love 24, and Jack Bauer, you'll love 24: DAY SIX!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I *think* this is the episode where someone FINALLY says to Jack what I'd been thinking for about 50 episodes already.\"You're cursed, Jack.\"THANK YOU. This poor guy. It's like he's got a little black cloud of bad luck that follows him around. Sure, he can pull YOUR bacon out of the fire, but HIS house will burn down in the process.That being said, it make me love Jack and root for him all the more. \"PLEASE let this man have SOMETHING good happen. ANYTHING.\""}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is amazing. I know what you're thinking. Two pretty boy actors on a CW show? Can't be any good. But brace yourselves. They actually keep their shirts on! In fact, they're usually wearing layers. The show takes itself seriously, gives a lot of love to monster mythology and does a tremendous job of going through season story arcs. Season 2 is where they start to have a little more fun in the show and the dark humor shows up. They really begin to find their stride. If you've somehow missed this show, you need to correct that mistake right now."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "you have gotta check out Supernatural. At first glance I thought that a CW horror show would suck, but this baby doesn't shy away from the gore at all. The classic rock music really sealed the deal for me, not to mention the hot chick of the week vibe it has going for it. The two main dudes, Sam and Dean, who can make or break a show like this, are both very natural and easy to root for. The second and third seasons are much stronger than the first (which is also great, save for the episode \"Bugs\") with almost every episode ranging from very good to great. The \"monsters of the week\" are always interesting and the major storyline for the whole season really makes you feel the show is heading somewhere. So hop in the 1967 Chevy Impala and go for a ride."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just couldn't wait to watch it, I don't know, when I saw couple of episodes on TV I was like \"nothing special\", but when I decided to give it a shot and start from the beggining....LOL I just fell in love with it. So after 2 seasons I was completly addicted to it. Season 3 is as funny as previous ones, lots of my favourite characters (of course Logan and Veronica:)) I also liked the previev episode of season 4..but I don't know if the season 4 was actually made or if the series was already cancelled:(( What a schame it would be, really great thing to watch:))I enjoy getting new dvd's to my collection like Veronica enjoys the thought about getting a PONY:)))I think this caracter is very funny-I WONT MORE VERONICA MARS PLEASE !!!! Whoever is in charge PLS!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was such a wonderful series. The acting was so superb. Why do series get cancelled and the trash stays on? I will never understand, but thanks to Amazon.com, I have streamed and watched every episode and will probably watch again. Yes, I know there will be a movie out next month, but that is just not the same is it? Better than nothing maybe, but this series was cancelled with so many open questions. Like ending in the middle of a sentence. It neve should have been cancelled. Such a waste."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I absolutely loved this show. I see it has been listed as a cult thing and I'm not sure what that means. I'm a very senior Senior so my interest may be surprising but I had a hard time doing anything else until I'd finished watching the last episode. All the good things said about this series are true--I was just very disappointed to learn that it was ending with this season. I have recommended it highly to several friends, but haven't heard their feedback yet. What a gem!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is fresh and smart and always had clever idea for new cases and stories yet it was canceled ?? When Smallville which is sorta just dragging on these days is going on to it's 7th season. But hey at least that's way better than 7th Heaven which at least isn't coming back. Why can't the CW bring back Veronica if they could bring back the lame 7th Heaven after canceling it. I got into Veronica Mars the most this season, so it really bugs me that it got canceled. Hell I think everything was canceled but Smallville and Supernatural, so why would they have to cut this show too ? It was actually good even if Veronica could act just a little too much like an overly goofy version of Buffy. It was still a really good unpredictable teen detective show and beats a lot of the crap shows that actually weren't canceled this year!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We came into the seasons after they were over on the TV, but thought all three seasons were well written, entertaining, and fun.  It was easy to get attached to the characters and were glad we could watch two at a time because you are often left with cliff hangers.  Sadly, the end of this season left us with a major cliff hanger that will not be resolved until hopefully the movie coming out does.  That was my only complaint.  There should have been more seasons following this one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just wrapped up viewing the last of the Veronica Mars TV shows.  Had to get through all three seasons before watching the new VM movie.  Next to Firefly (another too soon canceled TV show), Veronica Mars is the best thing I've watched in a long time.  Highly recommended.  Great acting, superb writing, excellent &#34;snarkiness&#34; to keep things entertaining and moving along.  I have to say that they actually did a pretty good job of wrapping up entire season with the last episode."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a good movie to rent if you were into the series like I was. I'm not sure how the producers thought this was a good idea for the big screen. For people who had no clue about the series did not get any back story on the characters who participated in the movie verses the series and why.....It is like picking back up although 10 years later straight from the series....leaving out the cliff hanger from the last season though. For those who did not see the series, I'm not sure will get much from the movie other than, &#34;hey, this would be a good tv series&#34; which it would!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Lots to chew on and enjoy whether you were already familiar with these characters or not.  Nice flow to the plotline.  I enjoyed it very much. The writer made her mother's addictive personality an unavoidable inheritance of Veronica's.  Will our heroine embrace this trait as a weakness that she will always fall prey to or will she find a way to make it a strength? This was the consistent psychological thread that deepened the murder mystery and gave the audience a super meaningful connection to Veronica Mars.  All of the characters from her childhood were grappling with a question: to what extent are we unable to throw off genetic proclivities and childhood traumas and other cultural influences in order to walk our own path in life?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a grandmother. I really loved the TV series and watched it for the third time on Amazon to prepare for the movie. I was very pleased so many cast members returned to do the movie. I think they all liked the series also. Why did such a fine series disappear from view? I don't get it. What they have on now is a big marathon trying to say that all girls have sex by 14! Well bull to that. Watching Veronica Mars, it made virginity serious and precious. When she was raped at a party, what woman would not feel her loss. The relationship with her father is a rarity in American viewing. She was raised by a single Dad who loved the heck out of her and expected her to love herself. He supported her, but also guided her. Bring her back. We need this series. Thanks for the movie, but it only made me want more of the story."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am 50 and not in the majority demographic, but I have a teenager and I love watching Veronica mars. I envy her and her fathers relationship. I envy her father for having a teenager that is so together.Anyway, I loved the show, did not watch it while it was on. Binge watched on amazon, then watched this movie on amazon too. Great concept for delivering the film to fans.I think any casual or serious fan of the show would get their money's worth with this. It gave me a warm fuzzy feeling. It was very loyal to the series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As good if not better than Covert Affairs or Person of Interest  and Rizzoli & Iyles but with far more interesting characters and storylines. Strikes a nice balance between mystery and humor and the frustrations of love. The Networks are too busy with reality tv CW, Netflix, Amazon HULU make this happen. One refreshing note among many, how realistic to see Logan put his hand on the wall when they we r e going to kiss after he embraced her. Instead of the usual &#34;slam her head against the wall&#34; (Arrow). Not being familiar with the show, I robowatched the 3 seasons on Amazon Prime and then opted to purchase the movie on Instant Video to watch at my leisure. It's great to be able to buy a movie while it's in the theater."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I own the whole TV series from 10 years ago. I loved her character, a great female role model for the teenage/young adult set. She's smart, resourceful and I love a good detective story because I'm a super sleuth myself so I felt a kinship with her character. I could totally be a detective. While chicks were watching vacuous reality OC shows back in the day, I was more into watching the smart girl kick butt and solve mysteries. The movie was fun to watch for someone who obsessed over the TV series, but probably not for someone who didn't watch it 10 years or or who vaguely remembers the story lines. It was fun to see all the regulars again. The movie was a bit contrived and dorky but I loved it anyway. I would watch the next one if they made one so we can see Veronica and Logan be in love and live their lives together. Also, did Gia die? That wasn't clear."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I hope they continue to make more. The pace and acting is great, I also love the plot lines. They aren't the usual cookie cutter stories hollywood turns out, these actually have depth, the characters also have depth. Clearly the fans love it to put up the money to make it. Maybe now some smart producer/director/studio will see the wisdom of developing stories for Amazon. This is the first time I've heard of a film being made to order for fans, and I hope it's not the last."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's not that we're soft, like &#34;marshmallows.&#34; It's more like we're addicts for the soft, sweet, heated up, treats that The Veronica Mars show dished out. We're more like raccoons. We can't get enough of that browned, white, semi burned, funky stuff. The movie delivered it. Dished it right up on a reminiscent platter on a brand new table. Yum! Feels as good as ever. And if we gotta dish out more Kick Starter Cash to get Movie Two&#8230; DON'T BE SURPRISED. We raccoons have a tendency to get what we crave, one way or the other. You Dig?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I couldn't believe when they said they were going to crowd source the funding for this movie. But they actually did it and then some. my wife and I have always loved the series, and couldn't believe that they stopped it like they did., a la deadwood, pushing daisies, Fire Fly etc. anyway we loved the movie, we didn't see it in the movie theater, but we have Amazon prime and were able to rent it for 4 bucks....What a great deal. They left the ending so it almost looks like they could do another movie, which would be great!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It was what it was.  With approximately a billion jokes tailored &#34;for the fans,&#34; it's an easy pass if you aren't already a fan of the series.  There isn't much of a story here, and it about equals the quality of the show it's based on.  That said, if you're a fan, you'll probably enjoy it and laugh harder than everyone else in the room.  It'll make you intolerable to everyone else, but you'll feel special."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's been years since Veronica was in Neptune but her departure from New York as a recent law school graduate and promising law firm prospect was masterfully done.  Veronica finds her way back to Neptune to help Logan and ends up not only finding herself in the midst of a case that could potentially clear Logan's name for the murder of his high profile girlfriend but a mystery of the murder from the past.  The movie lives up to the three seasons of the show that saw the series end to soon.  One of the many casualties that resulted from the network changing from UPN to the WB to The CW network (i,e. Star Trek: Enterprise).  Both Veronica Mars and Enterprise series didn't die out because of a lack of viewership but the confusion of the changes of the networks.  If you were a fan of the show then you will love the Veronica Mars movie and will make you want to go back and revisit the series' three seasons.  I"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had recently watched the series on Amazon and sound this movie did a wonderful job catching up on a series that was cancelled without time for an ending-with a few exceptions-you can only do so much in an hour and a half. It was like going to a reunion. Veronica's dialogue was witty as usual. I had read a review that stated this movie ending could lead to another sequel or perhaps to brining the series back. I vote for brining the series back with a grown-up VM and friends.Rob Thomas proved that a movie can be made well with a smaller budget.James Franco, Justin Long and Dax Shepard all have cameos-James' does a great job making fun of himself."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had mediocre expectations when I went to see this move, I just didn't want to get my hopes up for a fantastic movie and then have it be a let down. But I was extremely pleasantly surprised with the movie. It was well made, well filmed, gave us marshmallows the answers we've been dying for, and had some great suspense scenes. I was so happy that I made the commitment to this movie that I did, and can't wait to own it so I can watch it again and again!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A former student (Beau Bridges) returns to his old Catholic prep school after ten years, this time as the new Gym teacher, Mr. Reese. His free-spirited approach is in sharp contrast to the dire mood he finds, especially from the sour Latin teacher, Mr. Jerome (James Mason- LOLITA, JOURNEY TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH). Reese quickly discovers a dark secret among the students. For some reason, simple pranks have escalated into dangerous acts of brutality. Just what has Reese stumbled into? After allying himself w/ the kindly Mr. Dobbs (Robert Preston), Reese tries to solve the mystery behind the almost ritualistic violence. Can they get to the truth before someone is killed? Meanwhile, Jerome seems to mentally disintegrate before their eyes. CHILD'S PLAY is a deceptively calm film full of macabre atmosphere and sacrilegious imagery. The fiendish finale is perfectly bleak and disturbing..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is an excellent movie.  It is not the \"chucky\" horror flick, it is heavy duty drama which in its own way is a \"horror flick\".  The actors were excellent and the story good.  It's story that fringes on true horror. The evil intentions of one in authority manipulating the innocent towards the destruction of their own soul; by committing atrocious vile acts against others.  I gave this movie five stars for the extremely talented Actors, Director and Writer of this film. I had almost forgotten what a really good movie was..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Ok, here's the thing with this show..everyone in it is excellent..I meaneveryone..the story line is fine and the writing good for the set up.I love the parents and always have but the show falls short of evergetting in the least little bit close to what it could be..I don't know whyit's a disappointment but it is..it's got all this gold and for some reasonit's been cast in lead.  Bummer man, because I would really like to watchthese people..and believe me I have tried more than once."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Riches is one of the most original series ever with characters who are complex and intriguing. Each episode holds you captive as Wayne (Eddie Izzard) and Dahlia Malloy (Minnie Driver) strive to impersonate the Rich family, an immense challenge with their lack of education and experience.This is a series where you never know what is going to happen next or how Wayne is going keep it all together but the love that Wayne and Dahlia have for each other and their children always help them to find a way.Izzard and Driver are simply eloquent. Noel Fisher (Cael), Shannon Marie Woodwood (DiDi) and Aidan Mitchel (Sam) are genuine in their roles as the three Malloy children.I can't wait for this to come out on dvd!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was at one time a free download. I downloaded it, but never had the chance to watch it. On the 31st, some weird power failure completely disrupted my computer. The unbox player had to be re-downloaded. None of my films or downloads was marked as downloaded, but they began to come back - over 90% of them. The rest I simply re-purchased on unbox - though I had to buy Borat on DVD. When I tried to either re-buy or re-download this episode, I discovered it listed but not for sale. Why? Can anyone at Amazon answer that question - several other episodes are also unavailable. ???? I cannot even seem to delete the useless episode. Que pasa? I give it 1 star because you can't give something no stars - a rating deserved by lots of stuff."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "And I mean that in every way ;). She looks so pure and innocent. As I said about &#34;Strangers With Candy&#34; I am not sure this series could be shown on TV these days because it isn't politically correct enough. Too many people have forgotten how to laugh at themselves any more.I have also heard that Sarah is kind of like she is in this series in real life in the sense that she is outspoken and sometimes people are offended by her honesty and political incorrectness. Lighten up America (and others), humor and laughing at oneself is better medicine than anything a doctor could give you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I think Jericho has some great actors.  Unfortunately the story really isn't as great or as accurate as the writers want you to believe.All these cities have just been destroyed, and yet, more often than not, the people are remaining extremely calm in the small town, and actually having unrealistic conversations about what their future would be like involved in relationships and whatnot.If over 20 cities had been destroyed, setting my sights on my future would be the *last* thing I would be thinking about- just trying to survive should be important enough.  There should be more confusion and uncertainty going on in that small town more than anything else.  Not these emotional scenes that in real life would never happen.There's some nice twists from some of the main characters, but it is pretty hard keeping up with everything, and understanding what's going on can be a difficult enough task.  Still, it's not a bad show, but it's not the best, and it's kind of overrated."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is one of the best series I have seen in a long time. The story is compelling, makes you think about what could really be, and shows how easily we can turn on each other when the chips are down. Each episode left me looking forward to the next....... and then I found out that there is no ending to the series. I couldn't believe it. I searched the Internet from every angle; only to confirm that the series ended with season 2. I did discover that the story continues in what I thought was &#34;book format&#34;, so I eagerly ordered the 'book' for my Kindle; only to find out that it is a comic book, not a real book.So, if you can live with not seeing the series completed, I would highly recommend watching it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just do not like the main character.The only person who seems to like him, is his Mother.His ex-girlfriend hates him, his brother is furious with him, his father is dissapointed with him.Nobody (actors, seem to have a clear line on who they're supposed to be).So far, after 7 episodes,for the first Season, I don't know who, or what anyone is either.Is the owner of the general store, just a stone beetch? Is the IRS auditor just a stone beetch?There is so much good TV. I do not have time to try to figure out what the writers of this show were trying to get across. In my opinion, they had a dart board in their office, and threw darts at it, to see which ones stayed.I'm definately, not willing to watch 18 or so hours of this floundering program."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There were several places that couldn't have possibly been true to what would really happen after a nuclear strike; however, it did represent a small portion of what humanity would turn into in this country. I personally would have liked to have seen the storyline go a little more toward reality, but, I understand that our six-pack society, those who care more about the unreality of hollywood than current affairs, could not handle it. I really liked this show in spite and watched it on a marathon status."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What would you do during a disaster scenario where information is scarce and everything is headed into a downward spiral? Most likely, try to keep your head above water. That is the premise of Jericho, a smaller city outside of a location that experienced a major nuclear attack. It follows a town as they deal with the likely problems we as a society would face when things turn extremely rough. Sadly, it only lasted for two seasons, meaning at some point the story line will simply drop off, never to be continued. :("}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was so sorry to find out that this show was not continued.  It is wrapped up a bit. but it was really good with great character development and storyline.  I enjoyed all of it.At first I thought it was going to be cheesy... but it wasn't.  Yeah, there was some stuff that didn't make sense... like that despite no electricity, the women all had perfect hair.  Really silly... oh and they all dressed great despite the fact that they had no access to the outside world and no way to wash or iron clothing.  That was also silly.  But I overlooked that because it was really a good show and fun and exciting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Quick Overview: Jake returns to the town of Jericho to work out some money matters with his father. He makes a speedy exit that is halted abruptly when a ginormous explosion rocks Jericho. Now the whole population is cut off from everything.  Secrets and such come out as these citizens ban together to survive.Great plot. Viewers learn a lot about all of the characters and their histories as they maneuver this big scale event. It didn't take me long to get into the swing on things. The cast does a remarkable job working together and delivering believable dialogue."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Jericho was an attempt at embarrassing GW Bush ; that alone made it nearly FLOP . the apocalyptic theme is ok for the regular viewer . for science , hunters , mechanics radio types , it will leave you COLD ! .. forgot FARMERS !! i think they git the worstest  treatment as far as \"REALITY\" is concerned . players as all pretty good . McRaney always does well .story line is consistent , but the props are sometimes BIZARRE . 3 get into an argument because a young woman says \"gas cant be transported in metal tanks !!\" well , just plain STUPID .the second season does wrap it all up in similar vane , but some twists only the emotionally handicapped mite , i say MITE believe .well its up to you . i call it a \"draw\" . you're not losing your money , but if looking for \"reality\" in your viewing , this isnt where to go .G'nite y'all"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well cast drama quite accurately depicted. Don't believe,however, Jonathan Rhys Meyers would ever be mistaken as a double for the original Henry VIII! Nor would any of the real wives and children be as glamorous as the ones Hollywood chose. But the action, the sets, the activities, the costumes, the political-religious arenas of the day were all so true to life that we must grant Hollywood some leeway. All in all, it was a marvelous portrayal of 15th-16th century England. More such dramas should be presented on TV."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While not 100 percent  historically accurate The Tudors does a good job at telling what life was like in the court of Henry VIII played brilliantly by Jonathan Rhys-Meyers.The story starts several years after Henry becomes King and goes through everything from the Field of Cloth and Gold, the various plots against the French and Spanish, the birth of Henry Fitzroy (the Kings illegitimate son) and much more.Most of the story centers on Henry's marriage to Catherine of Aragon and his increasing love affair with Anne Boleyn and which led him to cast Catherine off and break with the Church of Rome to marry Anne.The cast is very good. And while it is not 100 percent accurate the acting, scenery, and costumes make up for it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Engrossing and spectacularly produced, to be enjoyed as entertainment, not history, as it contains many errors of fact. For instance, the writers throw in a couple of completely fabricated homosexual affairs, seemingly just for the hell of it. And a fabricated murder of a royal, married to the (historically) wrong princess. And some of the timelines are messed up. And the series starts with the murder of someone who wasn't murdered. And completely wrong on a suicide and someone going crazy.But, due to its contemporary feel, it succeeds in getting the viewer interested in this period of history, if nothing more than to check up on its accuracy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have been watching The Tudors since it came on the air and it has grown on me every season.  Yes, this is truly a fictional series based on truth but you won't care as you become engrossed in the series.  A viewer can end up doing research and reading websites and books in search of the truth.  The show is well acted, lush and a lot of fun, which it should be.  Henry VIII went down in history due the creativity of his marriages and his religious beliefs.  His daughter from Anne Boleyn turned out to be Britain's greatest monarch so something came out of it.  A fun show and a great entertainment.  I'm so surprised that Showtime didn't cancel it due to the cost."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Yea, this and Romney will ingratiate us with our friends...Yea, this and Romney will ingratiate us with our friends...there is that enough words?Edit: Bad acting - oh my god can't they find an actor that can actually sit a horse? Whenever they get on a horse it reminds me of those cartoons when I was a kid where the character was out of sink - the horse goes down the rider goes up - a jarring tribute to those who were raised in the saddle. I'm sure that the 12 people that did not like my review live in their mother's basement and keep a bottle of liquid silicone and a box of Kleenex next to the remote."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Casting could have been better here, as could some of the acting.  The music is nothing great either, and I don't care much for the fellow playing Henry.  The first season drags out all the business with Anne Boleyn, Catherine of Aragon, and Thomas Wolsey, also.The costumes and locations are wonderful, and there is some entertainment to be had.  Apparently the history is inaccurate, though I can't really comment on that since I am not that familiar with the era and people involved.Okay for a cheap rental, but nobody needs to purchase this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "With Season 6 we find Shane in a conundrum over happenings from Season 5.  To make matters worse, Shane and Vic are at odds.The writing is still tight but the camaraderie between the Strike Team is very, VERY loose.  In the end, Vic and Aceveda form an alliance that benefits each other -- for the time being.Even though at this point the series has run the gamut and is heading for an end, it is still 'must see' viewing.  Like a soap opera of life unfolding in front of your face, The Shield and Farmington Division are part of an effort for FX to provide very sharp work to the masses.Great job to those folks who were believers of the network before it had a chance to fold."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season is good, but not great. That can be attributed to the fact that there are only 10 episodes for the season. It mostly deals with the fallout from Lem's death at the end of season 5. Because season five was also short, only 11 episodes, this season should just be considered a continuation of that.The first couple of episodes wrap up the Jon Kavanaugh storyline. There's also a new leader for the Strike Team, Kevin Hiatt, the San Marcos Murders, Vic searching for Lem's killer, Julian is promoted to the Strike Team, Dutch not meshing with Billings, Tina teaming up with Danny, Dutch trying to get with Tina, Shane cutting a deal with the Armenians, and a new bad guy behind the things going on in Farmington.This season was good, and probably would get a 5, but compared to the first 4 seasons of the Shield, it just wasn't in the same class."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Vic is back, baby! I'm certainly an unapologetic fan of this show primarily because it's a study of a well-written, character-driven offering.Avail yourself (if haven't already) to this bubbling cauldron of people being people - while not always pretty or flattering - that is fairly \"real.\" Sure, I like Law & Order but it's a little too tidy and \"TV\" for me sometimes while The Shield is right on the cusp of non-premium Cable edginess. Any Shield fan or crime drama junky will not be disappointed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I ordered this product and did not receive it; this review is from the uncut televised edition, which(I presume) is the same as the DVD.The theme, as with so many themes in 1950-1970 comedies, is a mild slapstick farce where a man's devotion to marriage is challenged.  Bob Hope is loyal to his wife but a misdialing of the phone gets him mixed up with a sexy movie starlet(played pefectly by Elke Sommer).  The rumor at the time in Hollywood is that Hope had requested to make this film with her as co-star.  I can't confirm that, but seeing the film, you could understand if he did.The film is pretty amusing and if you are a Bob Hope (or, to be honest, Elke Sommer) fan, then grab this.  Phyllis Diller is his \"co-pilot\" and, as always, puts in a perfect performance too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This collection contains most of the Hope movies of the 1960s - some of which I saw when released in movie theaters. Unlike his earlier 'Road Shows' these movies are all in color and some have his side-kick Phyllis Diller. Only a couple are ones I consider sort of funny (I'll take Sweden & Boy did I get the Wrong Number). I got this collection because my husband is a Bob Hope fan. But, he watches these shows a lot less often than he does his 'Road to -- wherever shows. In fact there are a couple of this collection he has not yet watched."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number\" is my favorite Bob Hope film. I have loved this movie since I was a child, and now MY kids watch it over and over. Phyllis Diller on a motorcycle is a sight to see! Just give it a chance....it's a great lighthearted, fun movie that isn't the usual Hollywood \"dirty word and perversion\" fest. There is some mild innuendo going on, but it's tame compared to what is on modern \"family\" shows these days."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show grows on you and will instantly become one of your favorites.  This season is the best by far.  The cast is amazing but of course the show is carried by the excellent performance of Kyra Sedgwick.  Wow.  To see Brenda lee Johnson working over a suspect to get a confession using her skill, creativity and intelligence is television at its best.This is the glue that holds the show together but this 3rd season also brought us more into Brenda's personal relationship with Fritz and also with her parents.  Both are very enjoyable, inventive aspects to add yet even more dimensions to the character that is Brenda Lee Johnson.The subjects are timely and very interesting.  All I can say is I watch this show on the edge of my seat and find it to be of the highest caliber compared to other shows out there."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was late to start watching the Closer on tv and no sooner did I find that it is a great show than it was in it's last season.  So I am so glad to be able to buy the season's I missed.  I go through Amazon on my Roku and the whole thing is just great.  It's a good show to watch and Amazon and Roku make it easy to obtain and watch.  Before then I was buying dvd's and they were over running my house."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Once you've started, you'll find it hard to stop.  Watching these great videos is like a narcotic.  You just want to be injected with another one, and another.  Then when they are all done you have to go through a withdrawal phase of disappointment that there aren't another 100 to go.Great fun, edge of your seat humor and drama combined.  Every actor fits the part perfectly and the bad guys are bad and the dead people are really dead. The star, Kyra Sedgwick, is outstanding and never lets you down."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie is a reminder of what kindness, love, and patience can do for a family and a community. On the surface, It may seem to present a way of solving today's complex problems in simplistic terms. However, children who have been abandoned by the adults who were supposed to give them a sense of security and unconditional love need someone's patience, kindness, and love, as well as a sense of fairness or justice, just as much today as when this film was made. Each of the foster parents in this film demonstrated the qualities I mentioned, and then some. Good for them! And, watching the film reminded me that there is always more we can all do to help lift children above the harsh negatives of this world."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a huge Cary Grant fan, I thought I'd seen all of his movies, and today, this gem came to my attention. I sure miss the values, the love and the care for one's family and neighbors as depicted in this movie. I was born in the 60's, so I remember scouting, and the morals and values that were taught. I remember friendly neighborhood children, riding bikes and going to the beach.I didn't expect to get choked up watching this, but I did, as well as laugh out loud at times. This story is about a family with a heart for children. They bring two children who are living in orphanages, into their homes. The transformation that love, discipline, and a home can cause on even the most devastated child. How I wish things could go back to the way they were. I know it wasn't as idyllic as is shown in movies, but I definitely miss those days. I'd give this 10 stars if I could!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Although this season of Eureka did not have a particularly strong story arc that carried throughout (the questions of \"the artifact\" are never answered in a satisfactory manner), it really doesn't matter. The show is just so much fun to watch! It's the strength of the characters that makes it shine- Sheriff Carter, Deputy Lupo, Fargo, Zoe, Alison, Stark, and of course, Henry Deacon. It's a delight to see the chemistry that occurs between all these well written characters, as they attempt to save the town of Eureka from a new crisis each episode. Sure, it's pretty formulaic, but that's part of what makes it so good... it's familiar, and comforting, and the formula just plain WORKS.Unfortunately, the resolution on this DVD is not very good (it's old technology, after all), and it's not available on Blu-ray. But if you can stream it from Netflix in HD, it looks fantastic."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Absolutely loved Season 1.  For me, Season 2 is the same plot over and over, continuing from Season 1.  The characters haven't developed much past Season 2.  Although I enjoyed Season 2, I probably won't buy anymore of the Eureka DVD's due to the repetitiveness. Overall, the idea of a town full of genius scientists is so cool!  I was hoping for a bit more innovation of the plot line because the idea of the show is wonderful and entertaining and because this show has so many great reveiws."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had never heard of this show until I signed up for Amazon Prime and started watching it on Prime instant video.  I fell in love with the show and the characters.  I am really very sad that they have cancelled it.  I could watch it for hours every day and never get tired of it.  It seems like every show I ever find that is an interesting quality show they have to cancel  I'm sure there are a lot more sci-fi fans out there that are upset about this.  Here's wishing they would bring it back!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "good enough to watch / have on in the background. Would be 10 billion times better without the Max Headroom idiot (Matthew George \"Matt\" Frewer) (what kind of idiot named Matthew needs Matt w/in quotes w/in his name, now if his name was Matthew George \"the Dork\" Frewer it would all make sense). The guy has the worst fake Australian accent ever & is horrible trying to be crocodile Dundee. Luckily the dum dum is only in about 5% of the scenes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Although I would call myself a sci-fi buff I truly enjoy a show that challenges our mindset.  Years ago (probably 58 yrs.) a comic strip had a detective-Dick Tracy- with a wrist watch that was also a camera and a communication device.  I have lived long enough to see something similar to it come to life.  Long before the first spaceship went into orbit Flash Gordon another comic hero was circling the distant planets in a spaceship.  Sci-Fi for many is boring for me I enjoy seeing the imagination of men/women become reality."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Life is complicated. This story line is clever and serves that  truth well.I like the idea that Angels can be like ordinary, overworked people.The character Holly Hunter portrays is &#34;Grace&#34; itself. She is her own worst enemy, drinking and sleeping with various people, yet committing her precious time on earth to bringing justice to, and for those who have been wronged.In spite of her endless rotations of addiction to work, sex and alcoholic drink, she makes deep commitments to her detective team, so they may help serve justice to victims of life and circumstance.Then along comes an Ordinary Angel that attempts to open the window to Grace's soul. The question becomes; will Grace respond to the bumbling ways of the Angel and find a way to save herself?  Cool ideas!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is an enjoyable Psych episode that pretty much follows the show's normal format of flashbacks and improbable coincidental occurrences, and it works well. We like Psych and tend to watch the older episodes on Netflix over theRoku 2 XS 1080p Streaming Player, but this episode wouldn't stream so we bought it on Amazon since it was the next in the series.No spoilers from me: This is a Christmas themed episode that has Gus and Shawn going to Christmas dinner at Gus' parents house where Shawn tries to impress Mr. and Mrs. Guster, but things don't go too well when a neighbor is found murdered.Sometimes the acting is a little over the top and often boarders on downright silly, but it is a very clever and fun show.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Psych\" is a hilarious show, and the second season improves upon the wonderful formula established in its first effort. Once again, this show is all about character, and the chemistry that exists between series stars Shawn and Gus is second to none, on any network or any show. It's a delight to watch these lifelong friends engage in their wildly inappropriate adventures as they attempt to solve mysteries that they really have no business getting involved in (not to mention the hilarious flashbacks to their childhood). Lassiter, O'Hara, and \"Dad\" all continue to shine, rounding out the wonderful cast of characters who each complement the show perfectly. Though every episode of these season is fun to watch, a couple of standouts for me were \"Gus' Dad May Have Killed an Old Guy\" and \"65 Million Years Off\" (in which Shawn accuses a T-Rex of murder!)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The season starts out with possible the best of the Psych episodes - American Duos. Tim Curry is brilliant, of course. 65 Million Years off, Bounty Hunters! (Kevin Sorbo!), Lights, Cameras...Homicido and Shawn (and Gus) of the Dead.And There's Something about Mira has the best line ever \"I should have been that goat!\"The Chief takes on a larger role - and well played.Gus and Shawn continue to be their solid selves.My only minor complaints are Black and Tan: A Crime of Fashion\" - Shawn isn't good looking enough to be a model, but Gus is? Really? Also, the set up for the appearance of the mother. Could have lived without that"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Monk's 6th is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Throughout this season, Monk must deal with his crazed fan, help a rapper, teaches Julie Teeger about love, hang out with his psychiatrist's son, shoots Santa Claus, joins a cult, becomes a fugitive, and finally has a new lead in the murder of Trudy. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON SIX!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm enjoying the Christmas marathon.  I have been laughing at each episode since I've started watching.  Monk is quirky, obsessive compulsive, intelligent, yet relatable.  All the characters are (relatable) - Randy is a hoot and Captain Stoddlemeyer is funny without meaning to be.Monk is educational.  After watching this series for years (I haven't seen all the episodes yet) I'm guessing how people died, cause of death, etc. by telltale clues.  Does this mean I should quit my day job?  Probably not quite yet, but in the meantime I'll visit the sites in the City as an homage to one of my favorite former, former, former police detective.PS - A good bonus is that this show isn't as gruesome as CSI (another favorite, but I admit, I can't watch brains leaking out of someone's skull without cringing)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "BSG is always good TV.  When in doubt, look to Tricia Helfer and Grace Park, two of the hottest women on TV.  The show, built on the premise of a pretty lame show really developed the characters over the seasons.Tricia Helfer is particularly amazing in her role as an angel to Guyus Baltar, Park does a tremendous job in her multiple roles...oh yea, the male cast members are pretty good.  This show took the BSG concept way beyond it's origins to a full blown series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't care for this version of BG. First, Boomer and Starbuck are women they should have made them men. Don't get me wrong their should be women fighter pilots but because they were 2 of the main characters practically every episode was about sexual intrigue, jealousy, and who's sleeping with who this week. Secondly, they use bullets instead of lasers. My guess is the producers did this to save money on special effects. Third, the society of this advanced culture still has people smoking and alcoholics and they haven't even cured cancer. A society enlightend and advanced as this(at least 100-200 years or more advanced than earth) would have cured the addiction of smoking and acoholism and/or outlawed it. Almost every actor was a drinker, smoker or both. I suspect tobacco companies and alcohol beverage companies paid the actors and probably the producers under the table to smoke in the series. They also would have cured cancer and almost every other disease. It looks like they were practicing 1940's medicine."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is my second time watching season II of BSG...I cried. After Sharon was saved by Tyrol and Aggethon and she pulled the blanket over her head and cried, I cried also. This show is unbelievable and sooooooooo good. When was Cdr Adama made an Admiral! This show made me change my mind on interrogating prisoners, especially women. I know I will get slammed for this, but I don't care. I'm a woman first and foremost, and above all is. This show speaks to so much."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 3 started with a Roar....just like a good movie....and that went on for afew episodes...till drama got in the way....crying babies and more drama that wedid'nt really need.... i dont mind knowing a bit of the crew's relationships butthis season they waste a lot of episodes on this crap. And if you are smart youcan see where this serie is going and how it possibly gonna end.So ..yep lots of great single episodes that gives Science Fiction a big boost butwe known that drama and Religion will eventually take over.So ..at this point...im only looking at the good episodes and i am fast fowardingthe social drama parts that are making me fall asleep.But by the end of this season....things once again are getting interesting...very interesting...and cant wait to watch season 4."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Already perched on the mountaintop of cinematic stories in the first two seasons, the third actually raises the level of excellence to new heights. Much of the characterization  the initial seasons developed so well actually becomes still more integral in this, the third season. I became more invested in the safety and sanity of what I have now begun to view as colleagues - their varying motivations, whether well-considered or foolish, with pride, joy, fear, or disapproval. WIth so many human issues being addressed and so many characters involved in simply dealing with the hardships of their trying life, I'm now feeling, as I watch, that I'm living it with them. At this point I find myself wishing the series will never end!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "so i truly enjoyed the first two seasons of Battlestar...truly awesome, military sci/fi show, insane sets, great plot, good acting and those Cylons. all great....the end of season two had some difficulties. alot ALOT less action and more crying. lots of crying. lots of drama. lots of forgetting the entire purpose of the show.season three is where ive ended my battlestar lust....i truly cant take Starbuck anymore, whiny brat...could care less about her romantic interests nor her false bravado.entire spisodes went by with nary a mention of the Cylons.....which, lets be honest...is the best thing about the show.it seems they lost focus or they changed course to appeal to the more 'dramatic' aspects while shelving the 'sci/fi' alltogether.terrible mistake.... i fear season three is when i say frack off Battlestar....you had a AMAZING thing going."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was a memorable season for the show, revealing a lot of tension.  I am not sure, however, how satisfying it was.  Yes, I'm giving the season three stars and they produced quality work.  However, while I am enjoying the events, I'm not sure that I'm enjoying the characters.  I find myself in the odd position of not being sure if humanity -- as represented by the main characters -- is worth saving.  All of these people are deeply flawed.  I don't feel actual respect for any of them.  Of course, they are in a situation like none in which I have been, so perhaps I'm being overly harsh.Battlestar Galactica is a decent show.  The actors for the most part do their jobs well and the individual stories are interesting.  I'm just finding myself questioning whether I should be rooting for the enemy... or for anyone at all."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Firstly, I have never seen the show.  I love science fiction but usually only in the movies because I find a lot of the sci-fi shows on tv to be low budget with poor scripting and acting.This show however looks fantastic, if you didn't tell me it was a tv series I'd think it was a movie.  Aside from looking great the story looks to be engaging, exciting and just plain entertaining.  The whole point of this download is to get you into the show and to get you updated on what has happened so far, it does that well, I feel like I could just jump in and start watching the show.**A warning though, if you plan on buying/watching all of the old Battlestar Galactica episodes in the prior seasons I'd hold of on watching this as it will spoil it for you.**I recommend taking a look.  And while your at it take a look at the other free download, it's good too.  Here:SCI FI: Inside Battlestar Galactica"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show does for the courtroom TV genre what \"The Shield\" did for cop shows.  That is, it knocks you off balance, jumbles things around in a soup of moral ambiguity, and just really pumps new life into a tired genre.  You won't be sure who (or if there is one) the protagonist is throughout the whole season.  Glenn Close is her usual intimidating self, Zeljko Ivanek plays a star litigator, Tate Donovan his counterpart, and of course TED DANSON is amazing as the alternately shocking and hilarious Arthur Frobisher.  At 19.99, this is a steal, consdering people used to line up to pay 100 bucks for 12 episodes of shows like the Sopranos..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Damages\" is that kind of show that has you on the edge of your seat  completely confused as to what is going to happen next and in utter surprise when you discover each piece of the truth. It was one of the best shows of last season without a doubt. The show centered around Ellen (Byrne), who begins to work in the lawfirm of Patty Hewes (Glenn Close) who is a ruthless, self-serving and completely unpredictable lawyer. She focuses her work on a class action lawsuit against Arthur Frobisher (amazingly played by Danson) for insider trading. The first scene of the first episode shows Ellen running half naked in a raicoat covered in blood in the streets of New York. In each episode we discover a new piece of the puzzle and the events that led to that first scene. The past/present technique is masterfully used making each viewer very involved in solving the mystery. The performance of actors is excellent and the show is amazing. Damages is truly a great show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Everything about the first season of Damages was superb, the writing, the acting, the story line.  It was interesting to see Ellen's character slowly begin to change from the innocent, trusting young lawyer, to the suspicious character portrayed by Glen Close.  The show really is all about trust.  The key line that sums up the entire season is spoken by Close's character Patty Hewes, &#34;Trust no one.&#34;  Not exactly a great message to instill in people, but it works well in a TV drama about lawyers.  Other than Ellen and her boyfriend David there really aren't many characters in this show worth admiring.  Everyone is lying to everyone, which makes it difficult at times to figure out what is really going on, but as the old saying goes, &#34;The truth has a way of rising to the surface,&#34; and all lies are revealed.  All in all, great show.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First off, what happened to Barek & Carver? I know the actors left the show, but there was no explanation given at any time as to why their characters vanished from the series. Barek & Carver were the perfect foils to Logan and Goren/Eames. That is partly why I'm giving this season III stars instead o the usual V. The other part stems from my disgust at the fourth episode. Seeing the particular class type of people in that episode portrayed sympathetically just nauseated me. aside from that episode and the unexplained departure of Barek & Carver, it was overall a good season. And having seen Bogosian before as a villain in Under Siege 2, I really hated his character in the first few episodes, but eventually, I sort of began to even lioke the moron, even though my dislike of him resurfaced in one or two of the final episodes. and why wasn't there a second episode to the one with whoopi cushion?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Law & Order: SVU is definitely one of my favorite shows on TV.  I only discovered it about a year and a half ago and have since become completely addicted.  I purchased the first seven seasons and noticed that the eighth season was not on DVD yet.  That didn't make much sense to me because this season aired in 2006-2007.At any rate, I'm so happy that they are releasing season eight now!  I only hope that season nine follows soon after.  And after this season is finished, I hope they don't wait too long to put it on DVD as well.If you like Law & Order, chances are you'll like this show too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Great Show!  Nerds and Spooks.  It's the perfect partnership.  Chuck, a Stanford drop out, working at the Buy More, gets an  email from his sort of best friend.  The email contains current and past U.S. intelligence.  The email imprints all this data into Chuck's memory.  Soon after, Chuck meets Sara and falls head over heals for her.  It turns out, she is his handler, and charged with keeping him safe, and the information intact.  This is the story of how Chuck grows out of being just a Nerd Herder, to a real spy with the help of friends, family, the CIA, and Sara.  It's a story of nerds, love, action, and comedy.  We love it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There's everything in the world to love about this series - great plotline, excellent character development, witty dialogue, great soundtrack, and incredibly inventive premise.  All of the actors from the primary players to the support cast does an excellent job.Chuck - the leader of the Nerd Herders at the Buy More gets an email from his former college roommate.  The email downloads a super computer into Chuck's brain.  Suddenly Chuck (a likable but aimless college dropout) becomes one of the CIA's most important assets.  To protect Chuck the CIA and NSA bring in two specialists - Sarah and John Casey.  The entire series becomes what happens to a normal old, every day guy when something really extraordinary drops into his life.  Throw in a little spy danger, some romance, and some crazy family and friends and you've got Chuck."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Often you have to give new shows a while to warm up,  and episode 4 or 5 is much better than the pilot.  But Life really knocks it out of the park from the first episode and it doesn't go downhill at all.  I'm so sorry that this series didn't really make it,  because I loved it. Charlie Crews is a fascinating character, complex,  striving.  I loved the 'Zen' theme.  The series as a whole has 2 streams - the overarching who set up Charlie and killed his friends,  and the week to week cases and both are excellent.Watch it, you'll want to watch the rest."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I like the scripts but am not sure about the lead actor..sometimes I like his acting but I think it would be betterif he was a little more sarcastic. I know he has gottenvery wise in mind and body but with knowledge comes asense of humor and I would love to see him go just a littlebit more into what he is hinting at now...just a little more sarcasticafter all he has earned that no matter how grounded he hasbecome...The scripts are full of it I just wish he would take a littlemore advantage with the delivery..It needs that ZING!!! Forgiving isfine but complacent is just too much to ask..I'm thinking..But that's just me.."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I haven't watched TV in years-got fed up with the high cost-low return from the various cable/satellite companies available.  I do watch some of the shows available online offered by the different networks on their sites. Amazon happened to offer the first episode of Life free.  Free is a good thing and also a great way to gain viewers like myself.  I am hooked.  \"Life\" is not your run of the mill cop show.  Charlie is not your run of the mill cop.  I own season 1 on DVD and have already pre-ordered season 2(have to love Amazon's price guarantee)and season 2 is a must see and in my case must own.  If you haven't seen Life you haven't lived."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Quirky, clever, and very satisfying, Life is an excellent police procedural that takes place in Los Angeles. LAPD detective partners Crews and Reese are perfect foils, seeming opposites that play off each other's best and worst personality traits in such a way that the viewer ends up liking both characters, a difficult feat. Actors Lewis and Shahi do an excellent job. Lewis' American accent is spot on, and Shahi (a very beautiful woman) does the tough-cop, no-nonsense, recovering addict role just right. Other characters/actors are also great. Although I wanted the series to go on and on (it was cancelled), please don't be hesitant to watch the 2 seasons that are available. The underlying mystery, developed a little at a time through each episode, is satisfyingly (if perhaps not completely) resolved at the end. I watched the last episode last night, and I'm a little sad now. I will miss Crews and Reese."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I never saw this promoted on TV and I wish it had been more popular so there were additional seasons. It's unique and funny. It is an unusual, almost unbelievable storyline but it unfolds in such a way that - if you stay with it - you become hooked. At least I did. I want to know more about why this cop ended up in prison, what's with him and his lawyer, his partner, his exwife and just about everyone else he knew and meets up with. Damien Lewis' character is definitely a contradiction. One of the things I don't like is the repetitive interviews with people about what they think of the cop going to jail. It's seldom new, they keep playing the same stuff over and over. That is a bit annoying. But the series and the actors are great. Adam Arkin has a quirky part, very similar to the character he played on Northern Exposure and equally effective."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I liked this show and wish it were still being produced. The lead character is a smart former policeman (detective) who was wrongfully convicted of a crime and served, what, 12 years in the pen until he was exonerated and released. He wins a wrongful conviction suit and becomes rich but goes back to being a policeman. He got through the time in the pen by learning and practicing zen and by being smart. Now he brings that smartness and zen quality to the job of detective. As he goes about his detective duties he is also trying to figure out who set him up for the conviction. It is quirky and unusual - a rich detective, who as a very different outlook on life, is smart, and brings a very unusual philosophy of life to his work. Highly entertaining lead character."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love Damien Lewis; he was awesome in Band of Brothers. But everything else I've seen him in since, has failed to win me over including this new show which I wanted to like. His character (who gets out of prison for a murder he didn't do after 12 years,)is a cop who is quirky and spouts zen phiolosophy to his gorgeous partner all day. Either you like the main characters 'quirky' personality and will get into the show; or you won't which is what I experienced.In addition the flash back storytelling style grew tiresome quickly; Robin Weigert as his Captain and San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsome's Wife (Jennifer Siebold)both good actors, play very unlikable characters. In fact only Adam Arkin as Damien's ex-con financial advisor, is 'normal' and enjoyable to watch here. A big disappointment as a summer replacement show; get \"Burn Notice\" instead--it's great!l"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My wife and I had never heard of this series, but found it on Amazon Prime.  The male lead is recognizable from the hit cable series &#34;Homeland.&#34;  Yes, it's another cop detective drama and there's always a murder to solve.  But there are enough other quirky plot twists and the murders also have twists.  You find out right away that the male lead detective was himself framed and spent 12 years in prison for a murder he did not commit.  So these various parallel plots and plot twists keep it very interesting. The acting is good and there is also an element of humor.  So all in all, it is a very entertaining series that makes you want to keep watching it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had watched part of the first episode a while back but decided against it for one reason or another and then I forgot about it.  Recently I saw it come up again and decided to give it a second chance.  Am I ever glad I did.  I love this show!  I really like the format of it - the way the characters' actions and dialogue are set up.  Adding Alan Arkin to the cast was an excellent choice.  He's such a good actor as is the main character Charlie, played by Damian Lewis, who plays this insightful man who is so grateful for the simple things in life having been in prison for many years for a crime he did not commit.  Very refreshing!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Another Damien Lewis triumph.  I've been impressed with this guy since he did the two mini-series The Forsyth Saga and Band of Brothers.  Band of Brothers was a stand-out performance since he was a Brit playing an American officer of the 101st Airborne.  Nicely done by him and he is a coming actor.  Just needs the right launch pad.  Life is a good choice.  It has a great hook and the right quirkyness to make it really interesting and not like the usual drivel on American telly . . . the rest of the cast is good as well and with the continued good writing this show has a chance to succeed where most shows fail if they don't have CSI or Law and Order as part of their title.  So, if you want to watch something different and not the usual display of bullets entering a human body and puncturing various organs close-up this is a good one.  Life is good."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An excellent ensemble cast.  Damien Lewis is magnificent.  When this became available through Amazon Prime, I rabidly devoured an episode...and then another...and then all of a sudden, Season 1 was over and I wondered at how deeply engrossed I became in Charlie's story and how much I had grown to care about him and his partner, Danni.  So now I was craving to know even more of Charlie Crews, et al. An excellent ensemble cast.  Damien Lewis is magnificent.  Now it on to season two."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The twist here is that detective Charlie Crews was put in jail for 12 years for a crime that he did not commit.  Imagine going through all  of that and then going back into the police force.  His wife has remarried, and some people still will not admit that he is innocent.  Add to this a partner who does not want to be with him, and you've got a man with some issues.  But he tries to handle them with Zen philosophy.  He also has a constant hankering for fresh fruit, since he never got any in prison.Damian Lewis is sympathetic and likeable as Crews, while Adam Arkin is in solid form as his roommate and former inmate-pal.  He helps to handle Crews' enormous settlement.A nice show with interesting characters. Fans of Deadwood will enjoy Robin Weigert in the role of the commander of the police officers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "All the parts were there for a truly fine series.  Good actors awesome budget...  well ok maybe not all the parts.  The story lines while interesting were executed poorly and the special effects just didn't do justice to the show.  What really stuck out to me as unacceptable were the fight scenes.  Jamie Sommers routinely injured people by accident when she forgot her new \"strength\".  In the fight scenes she couldn't fight here way out of a wet paper bag.  One super punch and the guy gets up not even a bruise, no broken bones nothing.  When she gets hit in her non bionic parts pretty much the same thing.  She can take a punch better than ALI ever could.They say the writers strike condemned this show to one season.  I really doubt that.  I would not purchase a second season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After watching the first 4 seasons of Chuck, I just HAD to get the last season as well - and it was money well spent. It was a little sad knowing the series end was coming, but the writers did a good job of keeping the action flowing right up to the end. All of the characters seemed to get their special moments during this season - the only character I missed was Anna from the early seasons.I don't want to spoil anyone's surprise, but we get a few visits and flashbacks to old characters, as well as a few new ones along the way. Most of the Chuck fans should be happy with the ending as well. Boy, it is ahrd to talk about this season without giving something away, so I will just summarize:If you watched the first four seasons, this season falls nicely in-line, but with a wrap-up in the final show instead of a cliff-hanger season ender."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was looking forward to this show... I've always enjoyed the shows about time travel.  But I still don't understand what causes him to go back in time.... if it was explained I missed it.There were some clues that I guess were too subtle for me to catch as they happened, and I only 'got it' at the end of the show... Is that what they were going for?  Anyway.. I will probably watch one more episode, and then if it isn't any better I'll pass...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Althought it started out slow, the story picked up enough to capture my attention and hold it through to the end.  I like how he was able to prove his story to at least one person important in his life to give him the chance for a \"home\" that doesn't turn out to be an insane asylum.  The character development was basic, but adequate enough to show hints of other, less obvious relationships that I'm sure will  be cleared up,inlater episodes.  Overall a very good possibility for my interests, so I'll be watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "this is the exact type of garbage which sends tv viewers like me away from the networks in general and nbc in particular away in DROVES.the creators of this show dont seem to know the difference between nerdy and prissy-effeminate. one character looks like a guy in a clown suit and the other is a recycled version of niles crane from frasier.the characers are retarded and this sitcom belongs in 1982 right between hello larry and the facts of life.the most offensive thing is the laughtrack which screams at you from almost the first moment.this show is an absolute insult to the viewer will be taught as an example of what not to do with a sitcom. the idea might have been a cool one if it wasnt written in giant crayons.if they are going for the youth demo with this one, people need to be fired."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I got the first season of The Big Bang Theory for Christmas and I have to say that I haven't laughed this hard at a television show in a long time. I heard good things about it, but I could never fit it into my DVR's schedule without getting rid of some other shows that I like. The cast of four nerds and a hot blonde is perfect and the writers have to be just as smart as the main characters to come up with such intricate and funny dialogue. This show is enjoyable even if you don't get all the tech geek talk, but if you understand why one of the characters playing Halo 3 gets pissed off and killed because he got a Needler weapon, then this show will blow your mind."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The only \"bang\" in this series for me was the sound of my remote hitting the television screen in disgust. My bad, I bought into all the rave reviews for this abysmal, Erkel-ized comedy.Throw glasses onto Johnny Galecki and it STILL doesn't make him funny. (His casting as the weirdo, brooding idiot on Roseanne I always found strange, too.) Are people finding this \"cute\"? \"Smart\"? All I can say if I am over 50% similar to you, do yourself a favor and find some quality TV sitcom reruns to scratch your comedy itch. This will having you banging your head against the wall."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I recently moved to Thailand to teach and there is little to watch in English on t.v. I overheard some co-workers discussing how funny the show is, so I bought the first season DVD. It is so funny I finally had to stop eating while watching to avoid choking, so I bought the other two seasons. Right now I'm trying to figure out how to download season 4 to my PC. I've watched all three seasons several times and it still makes me choke on food, but I suppose eventually I'll get tired of it and stop laughing. Hasn't happened yet, though."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've loved HOUSE since its inception for the most obvious reason: Hugh Laurie. This season decided to sidestep a little and really take some time to highlight the supporting characters. The moments of the series that give me the most consistent pleasure are the moments with Laurie interacting with Robert Sean Leonard and Lisa Edelstein. Those scenes are attacked with gusto and a great deal of humor. The \"medical mysteries\" are slightly more edgy than your usual doctor drama, but don't really add to what makes the show great as often as they could. I will close this review by saying that the season finale is one of the most tragic episodes of television ever. I was sobbing like a little girl who skins her knee while finding out her puppy just ran away from home at the same time she found out that Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny don't exist. I found it very difficult to stop crying for several minutes AFTER the show was over!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "To me, this series can be pretty darn good...I hope they keep it running and not saddle it with idiots and break it as they have done with so many decent tv series that get chopped and cut by studios and then rehashed into dung heap reruns...this series is a pretty good one which I can personally relate to as a medical professional.  Enjoy the show, it is pretty decent...This season was a bit weird not having the old staffers with House but they did some rather odd things and came out ok.  Some of the plot ideas I think could have used some rethinking but they did the student stuff ok overall.  I will be interested to see what happens with the old staffers in the next season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love the show, and how it depicts what can happen if the prosecutor is dead set on sending someone to prison, whether or not the crime was a justified homicide.  One episode recently showed a woman who killed her son because he was so mentally ill and violent that she knew he would kill someone if she didn't stop him.  The wheels of justice were not weighed in her favor and the jury sent her to jail.  Why?  Because the prosecutor showed that she did it, not only to save humanity, but to save her marriage to the young man's stepfather and their two children.  So, because there was a &#34;selfish&#34; reason, she lost the sympathy of the jurors.  I wonder whether the verdict would have been the same if the Lanza kid from Sandy Hook had been shot by his mother before he killed all the childrent at that school.  Probably so."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "To start, I'd like to mention that this season is only 13 episodes, due to the writers' strike. That being said, I actually think it's still on par with the previous two seasons. Some say it seemed a little rushed but I actually think it may have been a bit too much to have an entire 22 or 23 episode season of breaking out of a prison in Panama that only has guards on the outside. They do a great job once again of keeping you on the edge of your seat with this one.A lot more is revealed about \"The Company\" and the massive conspiracy, and of course, Burrows and Scofield find themselves neck deep in it. Some old faces and new alike with Scofield continuing to outsmart pretty much everyone makes this another satisfying and addictive season of Prison Break."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first I kinda felt the 3rd season of Prison Break started off a little stale.  Then by the third episode I was hooked as usual.  You got Scofield dumped in the most horrific prison known to man.  You got Bellick walking around half-naked lookin' like something the cat dragged in, after it threw it up.  Mahone is going through some serious withdrawal issues.  And Linc on the outside pretty much clueless.  My boy Sucre is still hangin' around dedicated to Michael for all he's done.  T-Bag continues his menacing wrath. Newcomers, Whistler and Lechero and the vicious Gretchen a.k.a Susan B. make for some very interesting storylines.  I agree that that daggone writer's strike did make this season seems rushed.  It's all worth it though to see Wentworth Miller all hot and sweaty between a rock and a hard place."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I passed this series up more than one time thinking it was just another reality show.  When I finally did give it a shot, I was hooked!  Having watched the first season on Netflix, I knew I had to buy the rest to find out what enterprising shenanigans Michael could come up with next.  I really really don't like the way the last season ended.  I think it was a rip off to &#34;set aside&#34; a very big part of this series in a two hour dvd that isn't part of the original seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I enjoyed this third season more than the previous seasons. I found the acting and storyline much superior than previously. I like all the twists throughout the episodes, keeping one at the edge of his seat. Outguessing the plot can be difficult.  This season is also action packed, with every episode offering non-stop action. The way all the characters come together is also fascinating and remarkable, and their motives are unknown. Even the temporary break between Michael and Lincoln over the death of ****** (removed as not to spoil the story) was unexpected.The inmates inside Sona, the Panamanian prison from where Michael Scofield must escape, were very believable.  His escape attempts were well conceived and believable as well. The Panamanian landscape offered an exotic touch to the storyline, different from the maximum-security prison at Fox River.I really recommend this season, and can't wait for season four."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "because, as one of the extra bits shows the storyline was starting to take a very dark turn. Another complaint I have is the introduction of several new characters, never to be heard from in following seasons. Claire Benet.'s flying boyfriend?, watch him here- he's not in 3rd season, no explanation. Wasn't the son of Ali Larter's character named Micah?, his Black relatives are introduced here, not one word about any of them next season.I have a feeling that if this season had gone full length the series might've had an even shorter run."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Heroes Season 2 is not as good as Season 1 due to the writer's strike. It would have likely been the end of the show if they didn't move a head with Season 2, but the show did suffer some. There are a lot reviews for Heroes Season 2 that point out the many flaws and give spoilers, so I don't need to do that here. My only observation is that the some of characters acted completely... well out of character, and a lot of plot devices were used to move the weaker plot lines along. If Season 1 wasn't as good as it was, this Season would not have been so disapointing.Still all of that said, you need to watch Season 2 to get to Season 3, so recommended for the Heroes fan."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am on ep 9,  and the good hero's are still going strong and some good characters are ..leaving, but being replaced with more great characters and twist.  I am enjoying second season as much as I have enjoyed the first season so far. and hope the rest of the season's are as good.  Kristen bell is in this season, and the guy from the past (Japan 1871) appears to be a great addition.  I love to watch some of the old characters learning more about their past / families, and some characters are not sure what side they are on any more.  Who is the good team, and who is the bad team.  Everyone seems to have their idea on how a hero can save the future.  Someone learns that they have more powers than they thought they had, and are becoming more like their parent with the new found powers.  Think I am addicted.  :("}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The best thing to happen to season 2 was the writer's strike, it put the season out of its misery!  With that the producers decided to cancel the rest of the season and try again next year.The cliffhanger from season 1 was not even delt with until most viewers stopped watching.Oh, this second season was PAINFUL to watch!  My co-workers dropped out after only 4 episodes. I recorded the show so that I could fast forward through, hoping it would get back on track.  It never did, I kept fast forwarding through the entire season.Season 1 was great, never to be equaled by season 2.  Maybe season 3 will be better, if anyone is still watching.  It is sad to see the hottest show of 2006 go down in flames in 2007."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There are still plenty of things to like in Season 2:  the return to TV of Kristen Bell, Star Trek alumni Nichelle Nichols and George Takei in guest roles, the adorable Micah, likeable Ando, and the relationship among Matt, Molly, and the Doc, as well as the Petrelli brothers and their conniving mother.The problems:  the storylines about the virus are a pale echo of the final season of the 4400; Hiro's trip to the past should not have been so dull; there's a lot of tragedy, violence, and angst without the humor and to joy to balance them out.  And what Hiro did to Adam Monroe is inexcusable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The best complient an actor can get is that his or her character is memorable, and you care about them. The best compliment a writer can get is that the stories are beleivable and unpredictable. This show is compliment rich. I'm not a fan of the big hair, y'all crowd but these are real people in real situations that are not overly dramatized. Each season does get better and as you know some characters are leaving the show, their exits are done realistically and without detachment. We started watching out of boredom and are now hooked. A great series!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I know everyone is whining around about the price for a shortened season, but let's face the facts, Season 4 was excellent even against tough expectations.  The humor was still buoyant and creative, and the storylines still had energy as the twists and turns stayed fresh.  Storylines were also craftily constructed to show parallels between characters, or wrapped together 2 or 3 seperate storylines, etc.After the slighest of let-downs in Season 3, Season 4 still shows the punch and zip of a fun and humorous mockumentary that's well edited."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There are 5 double-length episodes here that increase the episode count from 14 to 19.  And at 19, that is just 3 episodes short fo a current full season.What does puzzle me is the varying lengths of the half hour episodes, some are as short as 20 minutes & 30 seconds; others clock in at 21 minutes & 40 seconds.  Are some cut?If you get the 5-disc version some retailers are selling for the same price, then it is worth picking up!  Disc 5 has a Q & A session from the Scranton  \"The Office\" convention."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Amazon Unbox rocks!! Do not listen to a bunch of mad mac fans. Mac sucks and that is why nothing supports it. The Unbox service is easy to use, easy to download, and you get your episodes a day after they air! I am very happy with it. If a mac user is waiting for it to go to iTunes, forget it! Mac messed up again and thought their service was going to be the only one on the block. Now I can buy .mp3 songs (unprotected) and video files with being stuck with crapmac software. By the way if you buy a song on itunes it is in .mp4 format and can ONLY be used with crapmac software. So who is Propriety? Unbox 5 stars itunes 0 stars period!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is an almost perfect comedy series. ALMOST.The writing is excellent, the ideas are good and Tina Fey is really excellent in the role of LIz Lemon, head comedy writer at NBC. However, and this was the case in the first season, the secondary characters are somewhat unrdeal and often unnerving and tend to distract from what could have been perfect. Teke the page Kenneth, he tends to be very often way too geeky for the good of the series. Also Alec Bladwin's character is way over the top and somewhat unrealistic (OK, it is a comedy series) but he has improved over Season 1. The problem is that Tina Fey plays the whole thing in a reaslistic comedy kind of way and the secondary characters are way too charicatural and unrealistic IMHO for it to gel completely. However overall it has improved over Season 1 and has a lot of promise fro the future."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Run to the bank, LizLemon! 30Rock busts out for season two sharper than ever! Spot on with it's cameos, Seinfeld-esque moments and knockout characters and writing, it deserves every one of its accolades. Bottle of wine and and one \"Play All\" menu selection, I found myself laughing out loud more than once with each episode.Don't miss the special features of the \"live on stage\" episode, raising money for the PAs during the infamous strike. It's spontaneous and fun to hear the audience laugh along. Bravo! If I had the patience to watch network TV, this would be on my list (but I don't)!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the first season that James the gravedigger is in. He is great to root for because he's not a great talker and he's the biggest powerhouse to play the game. He ends up with 2 idols and makes a bad move. Amanda is one of the stronger girls to play the game but she gets pretty annoying because of how smug she is. Todd is the biggest schemer and deserves to win the game more than anyone else. This season has a big twist that screws the 2 strongest players in the game, Aaron and James. Courtney is probably the weakest player ever to play to game. She starts the game at 93 lbs and ends up at 86 lbs. Jean Robert is the token jerk. Peih Gee is supper annoying and freaks out all the time and she thinks she's somehow the leader of a tribe. James' tribe is great to root for and Peih Gee's tribe is the tribe you hope loses. Jaimee and Erik are both total losers who are great for each other."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A bad episode of HIMYM is like a good episode of any other show. in other words, it's AMAZE-balls. I never turn it off because it's good medicine: laughter & stress relief.This show is my wrinkle cream (it pumps blood to my face and increases circulation to my wrinkles, slowing the aging process. Also, cranky people age faster: this is my scientific and medically sound theory). A few laugh lines are okay in exchange for general skin dewiness. Added Value: I'm less of a total behotch after I &#34;watch my show&#34; as the old people say. Everybody wins!Wow, does Ted sleep with a lot of women. I hope he is covered in a hazmat latex bodysuit with um, many spermicid-y chemicals."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We love this show!  The acting is incredible and the storyline is very believable.  There are characters you love to hate (like Tiffy) and then there are characters you adore, and others who surprise you in varying episodes.  Scott Foley is so good - you never know what to think about him - whether he's sometimes careless or otherwise brilliant and shows his &#34;human&#34; side.  He is also very good at dropping in bouts of humor when they are very much needed.  I highly recommend this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After what I felt was a lackluster second season, this short season's returns to the action that made the first season amazing.  The stakes are a little high in some of the episodes (I wont spoil things, but I'm sometimes amazed that they dont mobilize The Army instead of The Unit when faced with the trials and tribulations they do), but the interaction with the wives and families is a lot more complementary than a separate drama.The only thing missing?  The theme from seasons 1 and 2!  I like the new song by Robert Duncan, but I thought the \"Fired Up\" cadence from the first two seasons was a rare case of a flawless theme song.  But I'll forgive it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I enjoy The Unit. I cannot say the acting is wonderful or that the story lines are uniformly excellent, but there is always enough to keep my attention. In fairness, the acting and writing is not uniform. Some episodes are very good and others are ok.Of course, a suspension of disbelief is a good idea as the team always comes out alive, with one exception, against odds that seem impossible. Their cunning strategies, ability to cope with the unforeseen and their military prowess always seems to get the guys home safely. But, hey, what's wrong with a little suspension of disbelief when you want some escape time?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Don't get me wrong, Bones continues to be a family favorite at our house, but the new plotline about the therapist for Brennan and Boothe just doesn't quite work, and some of the momentum seems to have died with the writers strike this year, now that the show s going again, it doesn't sound like we are going to get a full season out of any show, but at my house we are hoping that our favorites like Bones are exceptions to that.When you have a favorite like Bones, and you want the DVD set, you want a whole season! If that doesn't happen I guess I will download all of these episodes, since they can be stored in the Amazon digital locker, to avoid crowding my Tivo."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a great tv series with well developed characters andbevy of interesting stories.  I have watched each season on dvd andseason 3 is as good as the first two.  Even if it's a shorter one due to the writers strikes.  One of the main reasons to watch this show is theromantic tension between the two lead characters. The show reminds me of C.S.I but it really delves into the personal lives of the characters.  It would be great to see more of this with the Booth and Cam characters aswell. There isn't a bad episode in this season either.  I can't understand the low ratings that some people gave for such a well made and entertaining show. And you don't need to start at season 1 to enjoy season 3 at all.  So if you are into a great  crime procedural show with great characters and fine acting then this one is for you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Another great season but a bit choppy. For some reason there were a couple of episodes mixed up or somthing. At the beginning Angela and Hodges were engaged but then in the middle of the season there is a couple of episodes where Hodges is trying to ask her to marry him.It was a bit confusing. THere is a episode about horses and humans running around pretending to be horses.It was rather disgusting. The best part about that episode is the last five minutes when the two main characters are discussing the days work."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a die hard Jeff Goldblum fan and absolutely loved this show. I am sorry they cancelled it, but isn't that always the way the networks operate? This was a quirky show, based on the premise of a homicide detective being able to talk to the ghosts of the murder victims. I would bet there are millions of detectives that would love to have that gift to help solve murders. For Raines, Jeff Goldblum's character, it provides the ideal vehicle for the hilarious, rapid dialogue Jeff is known and loved for. He tries so hard to fight the gift, but when it proves so useful, he then welcomes it. The fun occurs when the ghosts talk when he is with other people and he either fights answering or answers and  then has to cover it up. His murdered partner is the impetus for the &#34;gift.&#34; Raines tries to avoid dealing with the concrete reality of that partner's death by solving others. It enjoyed the few episodes there were."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Ok so it started off well and then about the time of the writers strike it had a bad episode that could have killed this for me and then bam, I don't know what happened but suddenly the story is flying the action is interesting and the forever knight remake is reborn with new power and vigor not seen since, well forever knight. The episodes are great except for one and even though they are good they keep getting better and better. This has that real touch that goes so well with honest in your face fantasy, like dead like me? the dead zone? you'll like this. it's a keeper."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have watched this series several times. A mix of colorful characters, with some humor from Dr. McKay played by Davd Hewlett and a handsome badass hero in the form of Colonel Shepherd, played by Joe Flannigan. These are the earth people. They travel through a Stargate to explore other worlds and pick up Tayla, a beautiful native of another planet and our first glimpse of the gorgeous hunk from Game of Thrones, Jason Mamoa who plays Ronan, from the planet Seteda. Adventure awaits as the explore other planets and learn of a formidable foe, the Wraith, who like to draw the life out of humans. Altogether a very entertaining ride."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First of all, I don't do the whole spoiler thing so i just want to say how great this show is. Stargate Atlantis is definitely one of my favorite shows, I've already watched the whole series twice, and thinking about a third time through, I honestly don't think there's a dull episode, It's a little like Stargate Sg-1, but way better, Sg-1 is pretty good seasons 1-7 but I'm struggling to get through season 8, It's just like they ran out of idea's, and the bad guy's, the Go'uld, get old very quick, but the wraith on the other hand are  great villains. The only thing I didn't like about this show was that there were only 5 seasons, I literally crave this show. But all in all, if you like Si-Fi, you'll definitely love this show, and even if you don't like Si-Fi, I think you'll still like it, 5 stars all the way for this show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Thank goodness that a good space opera series is still being made.They really try to put out a quality show with stargate atlantis.This series may not be as exciting as season 3 overall but it's still agood show and well worth watching. I do think it was a mistake toremove the head of atlantis; the dr. wier character from the show, just as removing  Dr. Becket character from the previous series was not the best move in my opinion.  Still it takes guts to remove major characters and the Samantha Carter character does a good job at being the bases new leader. She has to let the others do most of the work though as she mainly runs the base.  I still loved the show though due to it's overall quality and fine acting so it's worth watching for even non stargate fans who enjoy good sci fi that is very well made."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While with the introduction of Sam Carter from Sg1 helps boost the fanbase and ratings for the series overall the series has reached a decent peak in its entertainment and sci-fi value for many sci-fan fans of this series and others.  While it came as no surprise it did feel a little unneeded to make a formal couple out Shepard and Teyla but oh well, also it's nice to see that the writers have allowed the side characters to have their own romantic relationships in the series too.  While we still have the Wraith and Replicators in the series they haven't seemed as much the viable threat they were made out to be in the previous seasons or series though they still are a threat.  The season shows the strong point of the series until the final season which sadly concludes this growing but sadly stumped series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the best season so far. the first season shows how the boys get started as they hunt for their father. the find him, and hell breaks loose.the second season the hunt the demon that killed mom and dad, Sam dies, Dean sells his soul, and all hell (litterally) breaks loosethird season Dean has the year to live, Sam is trying to find ways to save him while demons and demigods tell him he can't. there is a macabre sense of humor that shows from time to time: FBI agent \"I shot the sherif\" Dean \"But you didn't shoot the deputy\". the writing is nothing but fantasticI haven't made it to the end of the season yet, but i wanted to be number 205 in the five star catagory. this show has gone far and fast and there is no telling what will happen next, but i am loving it"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season was awesome.  If the DVD release is anything like the previous 2 it will be an awesome set.  The only thing I am upset with is the fact that there were only 16 parts of this season.  Petty, yeah, but hey, I can be petty.  The acting, writing, and episodes are pretty spot on.  As for Bella, I really dont think she will be in season 4.  Well, unless she can crawl.  All in all, a great show, great acting, great writing, just was missing to much for me to be totally happy.  I wanted more, not less!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "All my favourite television shows suffered greatly from the Writer's Strike. Not here. Supernatural Season Three has some of the best episodes yet. The groundhog day episode, the lucky rabbit's foot, the witch coven. the sixteen episodes are more solid a season that most can do with a full 22 episode season. All in all, it is vastly superior when compared to the previous seasons.The producers included a bit more than the standard fare of special features, more to help fatten the DVD load. There was almost no need for this, given the character growth and the strength of the metaplot. We still have 5.1 audio tracks and the CGI is a heck of a lot better.The season ramps up with a finale that we've seen coming for a year. And in the end we are left wondering just how the hell this show can keep going. But in fact, it does. And it's storytelling at its best."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The third season has Sam and Dean trying to save Dean soul from hell. They have killed the yellow eyed demon and are now trying to save Dean from going to hell because he made a deal with a demon to save Sam. As we have learned from this series that this family keeps makking deals with demons and pay the price. It cost them there father life. Season was very good. They hunt down demons and other stuff. Gets slow in the middle but the ending is very well done! A jaw dropping ending that will leave you speechless. They also have that actress who plays Maggie from the Walking Dead in it when she was younger. She was ok."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you haven't watched any of the Supernatural shows you are missing out on a great show! This show rocks! I really hope they don't end the show after 5 seasons like the creator keeps saying he's going to do. You can keep supernatural stuff going forever! I get the magazine which I highly recommend too. You learn a lot of stuff about the actors and what's going on with the show in the book. Also has some hot posters too. The music for the show is always awesome! I wish they could get a soundtrack out if they haven't already. I know there were some problems with that in reading the magazine. We can only hope. Once again..I highly recommend this show..you will not be disappointed!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is just one of the best 'supernatural' aka horror related shows of all time. It's got lots of humor and this season; while it's a short one it is still dynamite in terms of writing and acting. The show also has a broad streak of humour to it and that's a good thing too. This blu ray looks great just like the rest of the series does on this format as well, It's a dark show and this really comes out on blu ray as this wasn't shot on hd film.  It has plenty of extras too, thankfully the boys will be back for a seventh season in 2011-12. And that's more good news. I intend to buy this entire show on blu ray for my personal collection; that's how good this show is."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 3 of this series has long been viewed as the weakest, but looking back, it has some of the best episodes of the show's six-year run (so far). Fans may miss the intensity of the Yellowed Eyed Demon that taunted the Winchesters in Seasons 1 and 2, but the writers more than make up for it with new ideas, humor and reflections on the show's past. \"Mystery Spot\" and \"A Very Supernatural Christmas\" rank among the best things ever for Supernatural fans, so check this one out knowing that the writer's strike muted what may have been a great season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am very pleased with the PQ on this BLU-RAY 3rd season of Supernatural. Howver, I cannot seem to get a menu of any kind, so once I put in the disc, I have to watch all the episodes in order... can't take a break or call up specific episodes... am I unique in this? do you other buyers share this? -  I hope the manufacturer will fix this for the other Blu-Ray seasons cause this sucks! Otherwise, I would have rated 5 stars..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you love your Sci-Fi as much as I do, then you&#34;re in for the ride of your life with &#34;Stargate SG-1 Season 2&#34; .  This show never did disappoint me! It has &#34;jaw-dropping&#34; action all the way through it and then some. The good guys don&#34;t always win in this block buster of a hit, but when they get the upper hand and do win, you feel triumphant right with them.....AT HOME! Every one of the Seasons in this series is just a part of the whole.....wait until you see how it comes out in the end! Yes, I very highly recommend watching a show like &#34;Stargate SG-1 Season 2&#34;. I think you may even begin to like Sci-Fi, too!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "To me, the story at times seemed stretched, thin and contrived. OK, so it is a fantasy, but the characters seemed to be doing things that wouldn't happed in their situation, things just to force a situation. Other times, I couldn't follow what was going on, like you had to have read the book to get it, but without the book. Overall, I enjoyed watching the whole series, though it could have been better.Would I recomend it? Depends on what day you ask me. It could go either way. Guess you have to watch it and see for yourself. If you are going to watch it, by all means start at the beginning or there's no chance you will understand what is going on."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The long odyssey of the remnants of the human race comes gradually to a head in the first part of BSG's final season. The wear and tear is starting to show in both ship and crew. Edgy, gritty as hell and operatic in scope, this sets the bar for outer space SF well into the troposphere. There may never be another series or movie to compare. I look forward to owning the entire series and watching it again, from start to finish. Amazing stuff.That said, I do think the producers are screwing us with this split season approach...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Some spoilers......This show remains as dark, gripping, and challenging as ever.  The Cylon rebels break away from the others, while the humans still struggle with the fact that any one of them could be revealed to be a Cylon--at any time.  The cast gives powerful performances all around, and the revelation to Adama by a certain person was wrenching to watch.  Olmos showed the anguish and shock that any one of us would feel upon learning that a trusted confidante was never a human at all.Richard Hatch, from the original series, is great with his delivery and timing.  He should be given more employment.  James Callis as Baltar leads us into uncharted territory as he becomes a religious cult leader, while Mary McDonnell shows how hard it is to maintain grace and hope while battling cancer.Then they get where they wanted to go, and....oh, I can't tell you, but of course they had to leave us hanging there!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series has a variety of plots, and the chemistry works well among all the characters.  It is fast moving with a lot of action, yet it keeps its humanity.  The main characters are all fascinating because they've previously been clandestine agents and have many tricks of their trade from which to draw.  The female lead character is very strong and strong-willed with her own mind and actions, which is very refreshing.  She also has a good heart, along with the other 2 male leads, so they find themselves constantly helping other people instead of sticking to their own agendas.  All 3 three main charcters are fearless and capable of extracting themselves from dangerous situations and people.  The violence is not graphic and not overdone.  Recommend Seasons 1 - 4.  Haven't seen 5 yet. Have a good day, everyone."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My son got me watching this show and boy are they addictive.  We can watch 5-6 shows at a time.  The plots seem quite original.  Never a dull moment.  Love the characters.  Am trying to figure out what makes these so entertaining--original plots, realistic and unusual lead characters, pretty scenery, the narration--they educate the viewer about spy stuff while they entertain.  I think that's what sets them apart--the aspect of educating about spy work.  The humor is fun, too.  They're upbeat but not silly. The violence doesn't seem heavy.  You're happy to see the bad guys get their due.  A fresh, original series!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "That pretty much sums up the theme of the film.  The immensely wealthy paterfamilias Ogden C. Osborne and the poor son of a masseuse Finn Earl are two peas in a pod, and Osborne sees that right away. Osborne has already triumphed, thanks to a little blackmail on the part of his grandfather, and you get the impression that Finn will do the same after surviving a very rough coming-of-age summer with the Osbornes and his ex-drug addict mother. It's about tribal behavior in a \"fierce\" primitive tribe studied by his biological father and tribal behavior in a \"fierce\" robber baron family headed by Osborne:  sex, love, murder, rape, jealousy, and all that human stuff that doesn't change no matter what costume you happen to be wearing or how much money you have."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series starts with lots of explicit scenes of screwing -- and ends up being a fairly deep meditation on love and loyalty and family.David Duchovny plays a washed-up writer who drinks, snorts drugs and sleeps with anyone who will sleep with him (and apparently there are many) -- but harbors a deep and abiding love for his former partner, about to be married to another man, and their 12-year-old daughter.There are many funny scenes as the series develops and we also meet an interesting supporting cast. But the laughs and the sex scenes become fewer as the story unfolds and the Duchovny character's inner sadness and longing for permanent connection becomes the dominant theme.I found this series a rather effective critique on the emptiness of the fast-lane L.A. world the characters inhabit and of our insistence on eternal youth which inhibits people growing up to become true adults."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Okay, I admit it...I look at accidents on the highway and I watched the full first season of Californication.First, it's completely \"overbaked\" including the annoying theme tune...and I watched it anyway. Second, it's completely formulaic right down to the required-for-cable sprinklings of T&A...and; I watched it anyway. The Sex in the City-esque voiceovers - both with and without the typing on the computer - was a hurlfest for me...and I watched it anyway.If I hadn't lived in LA myself and hadn't known more than one guy like Duchovny's character maybe I wouldn't have been sucked in, but alas, I was. Maybe there's some backward-masking or some subliminal messaging that got me through this. I'm not proud to say it, but I watched it and it's okay. Not great IMHO, but okay."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I would give Californication another star but Amazon for some reason took it off of Prime while I was in the middle of season 1!  Why did you do that, Amazon??  I thought the series was smart, sexy and fun and you obviously did that so consumers would buy the rest of the season.  Maybe it was because it was streaming for free but Californication wasn't great enough for me to justify paying $2 per episode when it was once free.  Sorry to go on so long about this but it really bugs me.  Shame on you, Amazon!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Outstanding 1st season!I loved this show!Brian Cranston was hands down \"phenomenal\" as Walter White and easily deserved his Emmy. Aaron Paul is awesome in his role as Jesse Pinkman, and all the other cast members seemed to be a perfect fit.I knew the show was good, because of all the rave reviews, but I was'nt expecting it to be this good! \"Breaking Bad\" Season 1 has a 5 star overall rating here on Amazon.Great writing, great timing and development of the characters. The storyline is dramatic, hilarious and keeps you watching. Just when you think the story is starting to slow down, they nail you with something big!I watch alot of TV seasons on DVD (The Shield, CSI, Rescue Me), because I work at night. I haven't seen a show in its 1st season that was this good, since \"Dexter Sea. 1\"!The only bad part about this show, was that the 1st season was only 7 episodes! Looking forward to the next season already!Highly, highly recommended!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "this episode is a good one, Jesse tries to get a job since his partner don't want to continue making money off drugs. Walt and his wife goes to a old friend birthday party. Jesse meet his old friend after a bad job interview. They hook up to make crystal meth but it goes wrong when Jesse tries to make it perfect like his old partner, meanwhile Welt is offer a jod by his old only because the friend was told Walt was dying by his wife. Later on in the show Jesse & Walt are back at it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After I completed watching The Sopranos I was in need for a new show to watch. Multiple friends, coworkers, and family members of mine Reccomended this too me, because I'm a fan of Bryan Cranston I thought id give it a try. I ordered it on a Tuesday and it was here by Thursday! I got a chance to watch the first episode of it on Friday, I started watching the show at 7:00pm, the pilot was good, so I watched the next, the next, the next, I looked at the clock, it was 12:30am!  I watched the whole 7 episode season in one night! I just finished watching all seasons and im currently waiting for the final 8 episodes in August 2013. If you thought this seasons wasn't that good, still stick with it because each season gets more darker and better."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Having come very late to this series, I felt that I wanted to be able to see this show uninterrupted over a very short period of time in order to appreciate the dramatic flow tat led to the incredible series end. This excellent Blu-Ray package did it for me. While I understand that I am not getting the original completely unedited version, but considering the cost of the box set, I  could not afford it, and wanted to see the series asap, so I went with the first season and will buy the next dvds as I can afford to.  I thought this was a good buy all told!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I&#8217;m several years late to the Breaking Bad party, and I just got on the train by watching Season One.  The acting is very good and you really get sucked into the story.  Despite being such a bad topic &#8211; person turning to drugs for money, the associated destroying of lives, etc. &#8211; you find yourself rooting for the new drug dealer.  The series is engaging and I am off to order Season Two.Rather than a DVD, I purchased the season via the Video on Demand and have watched it on both my TV and Kindle Fire.  I really like the portability vs. having to have a DVD player!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I show parts of this show in my US History class near the end of the year.  It is what I personally think is a good representation of what would happen to humanity if parts of the country fell apart.  There are flaws in some of the physics but I can live with that.  I deal more with the psychology of the whole thing and how people would react to an American ending event.  Story is excellent and the acting is really good.  The second season was short and wasnt as edgy as the first season but a lot of unanswered questions are answered and all in all it was a good season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My wife and I rated this a four-star series. The makers of the series quickly roped you into the story line, and the actors were believable. There was a sufficient amount of action with an appropriate combination of heroes and villains. We got hooked on the series and spent a good portion of one weekend enjoying it. We finished the entire 20+ episode series in just a few days. Our only disappointment was there was only one full season and a very-abbreviated second season. That being said, we found this series to be very much worth the watch."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 2 just ends in the middle of the season leaving the viewer with a HBO Soprano's ending.  Purchased a prime membership so the family could have a movie night. Thinking about going to Netflix it is only 1 cent more and has CC for the hearing disabled.  Like many Amazon rebroadcast television seasons are not CC or have a few of the episodes that are CC and  the rest are not in the same series. So if a member of your family can not hear or has trouble hearing Netflix or Hulu might be a better option since Amazon carries little selection for the hearing disabled. Called Amazon customer support about CC their programming :i.e. Jericho , Falling sky, etc., waste of time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best &#34;what if&#34; series I've seen since  the &#34;Amerika&#34; mini series years ago.Very good acting.  Very convincing.Hollywood used the &#34;nuclear blasts&#34; scenario, but I honestly don't believe that scenario will be the catalyst to bring this country (actually this planet) to it's knees.  I believe it's going to be some major cosmic event that's going to change this planet and the life of every living thing on it.  No one knows exactly what's going to happen, but it more than likely will be life changing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season has the 2 biggest badasses in survivor history, Ozzy and James. They may be not the most strategic players and both get played by Parvati. Parvati is a pretty good player but not the best. She gets lucky that all the fans on the jury are obsessed with her. Amanda deserves to win the game. The fans are pretty worthless except Erik who is a pretty good player. Erik gets duped at a point and makes one of the dumbest move in survivor history. There are some early exits that are pretty disappointing. Ozzy finds an hidden immunity idol and replaces it with a stick and one of the fans finds it and thinks its the real idol."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While I'll admit, this movie is a fun waste of time that fanboys of Jenna Jameson and Roxy Saint will love, I'm at a loss to what to say about it. It's not your typical zombie flick, per se. It's not your typical stripper flick either. It's not even a horror comedy. Yet, whatever it is, it is strangely a pretty good movie. The story has something to do a with a zombie-like virus passed along to a member of a military strike-team, who then escapes to a strip club where he bites Jenna Jameson, who the bites some more people.  Robert Englund plays a strip club owner who realizes that there's a lot of money to be made in zombie strippers - until everything goes wrong.Oddly enough, I still don't know what to say about it except to see this movie. It's a real hoot..lol."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Jenna Jameson has no looks left and hasn't for years, and can't spell the word \"act\" much less do any of it, and it shows beyond doubt in this movie made for teenage boys. Anything at all to stay in the public's eye up to and including marrying a violent, egotistical drug head, so I guess it is true that birds of a feather stick together.NOTHING worth while in a movie my neighbor started  watching, and we both agreed to shut it off after 5 whole minutes it was so bad..SAVE your time and god knows please don't waste your money."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First do not let the name fool you, yes there are strippers and some nudity, but no more than in the average horror flick.  This movie if HILARIOUS!  The political satire is utterly priceless and I thought the cast was lots of fun.  You KNOW they had a ball doing this, it shows.  This has quickly become one of my favorite Zombie/Comedy classics.  Sure, there are some continuity problems, but so what?  It is so much fun who cares!  Take a chance on this little known gem, you won't be disappointed!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It started out really good, with the military killing zombies, and one being bitten and accidentally goes to the strip club. There are some smokin' hot naked girls stripping and most of them get bitten and turn into 'Zombie Strippers' They like it because it inhances their performance. Soon, they must stop the flesh-eating strippers or everyone will die! I didn't like the idea of the zombie strippers talking, I like the quiet zombies. If you love zombies and naked women, you'll love ZOMBIE STRIPPERS!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie is a must see and one of the best. The film had a lot of twists toward the end but kept me interested. The film uses an unfolding mystery and atmosphere to create fear. The feel of this movie is dark and foreboding throughout the film. Simple things made this movie: the desolate seaside location...the cliffs...a burlap mask... The house itself is creepy with dark corners. Dripping water, creaking floorboards added to the ominous feel of the movie. Only one scene involved gore - and the entire theater gasped when it happened. Rueda is wonderful as the tormented mother Laura. She carries this film to the end with palpable desperation. She appeared thin, and was not made up with hair and makeup which created more belief in her character. Hollywood actresses could take notes on her believability and strong performance.TOP NOTCH scrip/chills & acting  MUST SEE!!! This movie has the feel the \"The Others\" and has an \"M. Night\" twist towards the end."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Guillermo Del Toro delivers again!The Orphanage or El Orfanto, whichever name you would like to call it, is excellent! It's a movie at its best! Great storyline, great characters, a little spookiness and alot of twist & turns that you will never see coming!The trailer for this movie, makes it out to much scarier than it is, but the movie will not disappoint.If you watch this movie and like/love it, watch Del Toro's other movies, they are all good- Pan's Labyrinth, The Devil's Backbone and Hellboy!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well above average haunted house film. As emotional as it is scary.The same could be said of most of producer Guillermo Del Toro's films.The story feels a little too familiar for most of it's length to quitemake it to classic film status, although the last 10 minutes doelevate it to something more moving and more thoughtful than 95%of thegenre pictures currently being made.Wonderfully acted by Belen Rueda, as a mother whose child mysteriouslydisappears. Well shot as well.The kind of film I look forward to re-watching, sure that now that Iknow its secrets, there's even more to be uncovered."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you haven't seen the George C. Scott film, The Changeling, do so as soon as possible. Watch it with the lights off and no distractions, it will freak you out. The Orphanage is similar in pace and scares to that film. It's often what you don't see that scares you the most. Belen Rueda who plays the mother delivers a very strong performance and really holds the movie together. Worth seeing in theaters, even though some people failed to realize it was going to have subtitles and walked out. Don't people find out a little about a film before shelling out $10.00 to see it? I guess not."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Surprisingly restrained considering the trailer had so many threatening and spooky images. I will say that 'The Orphanage' does get an A for atmosphere, but reading subtitles during this film distracted me from the experience. I usually pass on films with subtitles, but this film seemed too good to pass up and there are always exceptions to the rule. It's a pretty easy film to follow, even though this was played up to be a very spooky film, I found it to be more sad than scary. The DVD transfer looks very good and this is worth seeing, but maybe rent before buying it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a fan of Tobe Hooper who directed the original \"Texas Chain Saw Massacre\" and \"Poltergeist\" but this episode does not live up to his reputation.  The story is blurry, unoriginal and not scary at all. It is a tale that has been told many times before.  An angry demon of the earth, this time oil under the earth, enters the body of a father and the son witnesses his father brutally kill his mother.  Now years later it's time for the evil spirit to inhabit the son's body and cause mayhem and destruction throughout the town he lives in. The story has no real clarity, and there is a no suspense or thrills just mass confusion in the film and outside the film as a viewer.  It looks like it was just thrown together at the last minute.  If you want some originality and horror watch Hooper's Season 1 contribution called \"Dance of the Dead\" and save yourself some time and money here."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I decided to give &#34;In Plain Sight&#34; a preview on Netflix as it seamed interesting. After the first disk I decided it was good enough to at least give it a chance so I watched the nextdisk and I was hooked!  This show is amazing, each episode has the snitch of the week that goes into Witness Protection and almost every weekly story is a hit.  The real beauty of this show is the ongoing family darama between Mary and her family as well as the shenanigans between her co workers.  As a member of AA for 13+ years I can tell you the family problems related to this are very real life and they show much of this with enough humor to make me appreciate the honesty.  If you buy Season 1 you will be hooked, I have the first three seasons now and will soon buy 4 and 5 to completye my set.  I just can't say enough about this show, IMHO it is remarkable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In the early 90's CBS tried this series out and it didn't work. The writing just wasn't there. The costume looked good and looks better than the &#34;new&#34; Flash's costume which isn't even red like the comics! Here on &#34;Amazon Instant&#34; you can buy individual episodes for your devices. I recommend the 2 with Mark Hammill of &#34;Star Wars&#34; as &#34;The Trickster.&#34; There's also a couple of others here that include 2 other famous comic villains &#34;Captain Cold&#34; and &#34; Mirror Man.&#34; Hamill's turn here changed his life, he was that manic and good, because he was hired soon after to voice &#34;The Joker&#34; in the 90's &#34;Batman&#34; series from Buce Timm."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Batman Animated done right. After more than 20 years without a Batman (stand alone series) this came out after the Michael Keaton 'Batman&#34; movie with great animation, stories, and voice acting. This was huge in the early 90's on Fox or the WB. The great thing about it was that it brought out story of the  other villians from the comic book that we hadn't seen in the 60's TV series or 60's animated series like &#34;Clayface,&#34; &#34;Killer Croc,&#34; &#34;The Scarecrow,&#34; &#34;Two Face,&#34; etc. Mark Hamill did the voice of &#34;The Joker&#34; after his performance on &#34;The Flash&#34; TV series as the villain &#34;The Trickster.&#34; It's still better than all these other Batman series that have followed and get worse by the year!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've seen this show from 'end to end' several times over.  While it is a very good Sci-Fi show, I thought it a shame that the two best shows of the entire series were the final two shows.  That being said, however, I would recommend it if you've never seen it.  The on screen chemistry between Colonel Shepard, Rodney McKay, Carson Beckett & later Ronan Dex were what (in my opinion) made it the better of the two &#34;Stargate&#34; series.While it will never measure up to &#34;Battlestar Galactica,&#34; (the best sci-fi show, ever) the two of them were a great mix as they both started and ended at the same time.  SGA had roughly 25 more shows than BSG (which had a propensity for agonizingly long hiatuses between seasons), I recommend it for any Sci-Fi (I refuse to say 'Sy Fy') fan."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "it's always a sad time when you reach the final season of characters you invested so much time in. Especially enjoyed the last two episodes the second to the last one reminded me of the Robert Rodriguez film in terms of the music that was used. there are numerous episodes that are more memorable than others. And of course some of these showcase the acting ability of each separate team member on the show.honestly think the corporate executive should turn loose of some mega bucks and start making movies based on the series the go deep into the various alien cultures that were shown the first 5 seasons"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Monk's 7th is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Monk is forced to find a new therapist because Dr. Kroger has died. Throughout this season Monk matches wits with a chess player, helps a boxer, gets stuck on a submarine underwater, meets his other brother, fights City Hall, and much more. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON SEVEN!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Five stars for the original footage, which is spectacular. The narrator, who voiced Hal the Computer in 2001 , A Space Odyssey, sounds like a wartime newsreel commentator, which is fitting, I suppose, given the material. The script, however, is only informative if one has never heard of Operation Barbarossa or knows nothing about the Russian Front. Additionally the prose is really purple, since the writer seems to think it enhances the dramatic content to repeat words. Eg: It was a drive that was relentless. Relentless. RELENTLESS. But the worst part of it was the dissonant score- imagine Nora the piano playing cat, only without the cute fluffiness. At the end of both volumes the endless pinging of the piano keys was relentless, Relentless, RELENTLESS.  Recommended with the sound off."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The actors are sublime; the characters extremely diverse and interesting in this series. Season Two moved all characters forward in their personal growth and development, although I would have liked to seen more detail about the Bailey Chase character.The plot effectively weaves a vivid web of real life events into profound change for Grace. The final scene between two tortured souls; one straining against unfathomable psychological and physical pain and leather execution bonds in full-fledged  terror, the other, paralyzed into submission by the greatest love and the fear of something soft and all accepting.The eyes of Grace embrace and beckon Leon, soul to soul into the last seconds of his life. Quietly, with large Angelic eyes and a yielding voice,  and the infinite truth she beckons &#34;Look at me.&#34;  She repeats. &#34;Look at me&#34;.Grace is saved when the choice is made to comfort Leon as he passes before her eyes. His passing reveals her deepest self."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched all seasons, and then have come back to watch it again. The ensemble is great, and Holly Hunter is stellar! Love the writing, the acting, the cast, the stories, and the interweaving of Earl, the angel, and Grace the tough cop with a huge heart. I really like Oklahoma City as the setting; it's my part of the country, and the Texas/OU rivalry is handled beautifully. It is more than just another police drama. Some theological and philosophical, social and cultural dilemmas are included. Great show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really hate sponsor product placement in movies. The \"Degree\" body deodorant is all over the episode, I get it okay, you want me to buy some deodorant, I already do, but it just looks stupid when I am supposed to imagine that this is a real \"GD\" \"Eureka\" secret genius town, and then you remind me with your Walmart Deodorant advertising, its stupid and annoying. Why cant they just have a list of sponsors at the end of the episode for someone who actually gives damn?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Overall has most of my favorite episodes. It's hard to explain, but there is something about the cast of characters and how they interact that is very believeable despite the unreal events they cope with. The acting is sincere, and we know the foibles and quirks of the characters which makes the epidsodes more fun. I think I like &#34;Insane in the P Brane&#34; best of all.  The two scientists on either side of a scientific breakthrough, unknown to them, but one thinks he's hearing his mother from the after life is done very well. I miss my Eureka &#34;friends&#34;."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'll be completely honest, this season is absolutely awesome, I don't care what anyone else says. Every season of this show has been exciting and it has been almost impossible to stop watching.Season 4 is charged with heavy emotions. The events since season 1 are finally taking their toll, especially with Scofield who is a good person at heart but blames himself for so many of the things that have gone wrong. Burrows gets to be even more of a bad-@$$ and is obviously done playing games. Things never get dull or boring in this season.The unfortunate thing about this season is that it's the last one. Fortunately, they releasedPrison Break: The Final Breakto bring things to a close. This is definitely one of my all time favorite shows."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Scolfield (Wentworth Miller) and Burrows (Dominic Purcell) and the others find themselves working with an FBI agent (Michael Rapaport). He claims he'll clear their names if they steal something from the Company that's very important to them. While Sarah is really alive and joins Michael's team.That's only the beginning of the season. There's many twists and turns as the season goes on. This last season certainly doesn't disappoint and it's probably the best next to season 1. The season was packed with action and drama. The series finale was one of the more satisfying ones to any show. The only thing that bugged me a little was the very end but I can't really say it didn't work. It's just not how I preferred to see it end."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As my friends told me, the show would get better as it went along, and so far I have to agree.  The show is very well done, and there are several episodes that I thought were particularly entertaining (some good laughs).  The corpses sometimes are still very graphic, gross and disgusting, and sometimes things get a little too technical, but it is still an excellent show.This DVD set has several extras and it does have subtitles for the hearing impaired.  I hope the quality of the show continued in the other seasons, which I am looking forward to watching.  (I do not have cable or satellite, and only buy DVD's.)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "By third season I think that I was just along for the ride, Heroes always &#34;looked&#34; good but always fell short of its potential, at least this one rises above what Season Two was turning itself into. If you like scifi / fantasy you can find some good bits here, but the &#34;bargain bin&#34; might still be the way to go. My set advertises &#34;over 20 hours of bonus features&#34;- that would be the best reason to watch this season ( and even that doesn't explain dropping so many second season characters like Claire's flying boyfriend)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I see a bad moon rising! This song describes Season 3 for me.You would think by now the heroes have accepted their abilities but they are still battling the demons within themselves.If you have a gift, an ability,a power,wouldn't you want to use it for good instead of getting rid of it?This is the 21st century,having powers shouldn't shock the world.I for one will gladly accept it.Why not?Also,why did they have to give Suresh and Ando powers when they are perfectly fine being normal.Everybody doesn't have to be superheroes.Noah Bennett isn't and he is as capable as they are.He doesn't need super strength to catch bad guys.Overall though,Heroes will always be a favorite show of mine.All the characters are likeable.With that said, on to Season 4 I go!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Heroes - Season 3\" did start somewhat weak, but picked up around the middle of season. As in previous seasons, there are multiple plot threads running concurrently and it is now easier to see how many of them are interconnected due to more familiarity with the core characters.The strong collection of actors are a great asset to this series and really helped to retain viewership through the slow second season and into the beginning of season three. When the plots and scripts are good they really make this show worth watching.We enjoy watching Heroes on DVD since it gives us flexibility around our family schedules. This is a good release and the DVD extras provide some decent insight to how the episodes come together.Recommended for fans of the series.CFH"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"The Office\" is one of the most brilliant comedy series on TV. Steve Carell is inimitable as Michael Scott; Rainn Wilson is hilarious as the self-centered Dwight. The entire ensemble cast is strong. The whole cast WORKS TOGETHER... in more ways than one.In the fifth season, the new boss Charles (Idris Elba, before he hit it big inObsessed).... so Michael Scott goes off on his own to form the Michael Scott Paper Company. There are hilarious shenanigans involving a bus from a Korean church, square-shaped pancakes, going to a senior investment club. There's the growing romance between Jim (John Krasinski) and Pam (Jenna Fischer) Dwight is constantly plotting... to the point of suggesting bees. At the company picnic, Michael hooks up with his ex Holly and they do a cheesy skit about the history of their company based onSlumdog Millionaire.\"The Office\" is worth the work!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's more of the same, but as with GET SMART, no one's willing to say, Enough!This season, romances are on again, off again, but Pam and Jim are happy and in love. A new manager forces Michael to establish his own paper company, and two of the staff join him in a converted bathroom office to wage a war with Dunder Mifflin, a war that goes surprisingly well. Still, in the end, it's just more of the same, but because we like the characters and the gags, we endure the frequent embarrassment in places.As usual, the best parts are Jim's relentless assaults on Dwight. Most of these take place in the prologues. This season is worth watching, but you can probably put off owning them until they drop in price. Or, you may be happy stopping at Season 4. It really doesn't get much different."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We got to see the darkness that lurks in Charlie come very close to the surface in this season. When his friend asks him in the early part of the show, \"What do you want, Charlie?\" and says, just standing there with his arms at his sides, \" A peaceful soul.\" I knew that this show would not disappoint me.I miss this show. I look at what is on these days and the best I can say, while pretty good (Burn Notice, Lie to Me, Doctor Who), they all lack the dark whimsy that was a vital part of Crewes' journey."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was a quirky show, but it has Damian Lewis who went on to Homeland and Sara Shah who went on the Person of Interest and a cute shjow that I forgot the name of where she played a bubbly corporate negotiator--a real 180 from her acting in Life and Person of Interest.This show was cut short in its second season, but they did do a finale which was pretty good at tying up the loose ends.  I enjoyed the whole Zen thing and Lewis' unending pursuit of the people who framed him. The ending was maybe a little too happy an ending but overall I thought this was entertaining and I loved the actors."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first I only watched oh, maybe 1/2 a show thinking hmmm I don't know..then I went back and did the whole show and reallygot into the main character mind you it's not the usual cop show which is a wonderful departure..the writing is inventive and quirky which makes it interesting. The stories are basically stories about cops and bad guys but the way they are treated keeps me coming back and I find that I will miss it as it only went 2 seasons. They can't seem to stand good shows in Hollywood. There aremany shades of grey in this series and if you are tired of the same ol same ol' give this a spin but it's the sticking with it that willreward you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Life is a really good show that got caught up in the the writers strike of 2008 which would have been its third season. By the time the strike was over, the principle players had moved on to other things -- which is too bad because it was a better than average tv show.However, strangely, while the season 1 format is in a normal full screen, season two for some weird reason is formatted into this tiny square box that sits in the middle of your screen surrounded by six inch deep black borders -- very unpleasant to watch like that. If anyone knows why they do things like this, please comment."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched all of the episodes of this series, mainly because of Damian Lewis.  I saw him in Band of Brothers playing an American Officer in the 82nd Airborne Screaming Eagles. (seems we don't have any American actors to play these parts-guess we have a talent shortage here in the colonies).  He is a good actor and the writing of the series was great, with a great gimmick for the main character.  I think they cancelled this series too early.  It could have been better given time to work out the kinks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "For the most part, the show is enjoyable.  However, everything to do with Katey Sagal's character screams drama (more than is needed).  I guess that is how they want to play it.  She does a great job, but it is a bit much, if that isn't what you are looking for.  I was never much for over done drama (same thing that made or broke Battlestar Galactica, for the most part), thats why they have daytime soaps.  Again, good show and its worth watching, you just might have to struggle through some of it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have never really seen many of these episodes but have heard they were really good, and since prime offered I decided what the heck lets see what the fuss is all about. Well I am now on Season 2 and I absolutely love watching it. Jax is a hottie and can make you drool, for sure. LOL I grew up with my step father in a similar atmosphere so watching these brought many memories from my childhood back, both good and bad. Just make sure you don't let the little people watch this, it can be a bit harsh."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I enjoyed this first season quite a bit and it makes me hopeful for what's to come. While I liked the first half of the season, I didn't feel like the show really gelled until the second half, with the introduction of the vicious ATF agent they truly found a focus and a story line to build towards that made the first part of the season seem inferior and paled in comparison. That said, there is excellent production values from beginning to end, the acting is great throughout and the directing, while for the most part not revolutionary, is adequate and like the show improves toward the end of this season. I'm eagerly anticipating starting season 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't think I would be interested - another 'gang-glorifying' theatrical event. For some reason I watched a couple of episodes late one night, and now I am hooked. Even though it contains many of the gang glorifying elements (killing - just because it suits gang needs, lawlessness, drugs sex and guns along with demeaning of people in general and women in particular), there are intriguing characters, great acting, interesting and complex relationships, and also tackles issues on integrity on the legal side as well as the gang. I'm hooked and will probably watch all the episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season introduces one of the best characters NCIS Director Vance.The director is now a political operative with real field experience attuned to the realities of Washington.Gibbs begins the season with a new team.  Vance disbanded the team we know and love as punishment for Jenny Shepard's death.Pulling the old team back together and the real reason they were disbanded is the crux of the first few episodes.An on-going storyline is the conflict between Gibbs and Vance as they learn to live and work together.Many of the stories are intensely personal.We meet Gibb's father, Ziva's lover and see McGee work under extreme pressure in a woman's prison.We are back to 24 episodes in one of the best seasons of a top-notch show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Despite John Thaw's acclaimed qualities as an actor, I find that he was only convincing when he played a character who was very close to himself. So, which ever of his later characters you take, you are really just left with John Thaw. Morse is very much John and, to me, the best part of the show was the views of Oxford University. The plots are incredibly complex which does not really produce a compelling detective story; the viewer, or reader, really needs some chance of being able to solve the riddle. The character of Lewis is equally poor and boredom is never far from my mind. John had a British RADA accent overlaying his boyhood Manchester brogue and it often slips quite badly which is embarrassing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First one I've watched of Inspector Morse.  I guess he is the older version of Endeavor Morse - hard to tell.  I enjoyed this very much.  I have Amazon Prime so wasn't used to having to rent or buy, so I accidentally rented like Season 5 episode 1 rather than Season 1.  But guess that's okay.I will definitely be watching the rest of the seasons.  Good shows.  Also I like the cute younger version of Inspector Lewis.  Very handsome as he is in the later Inspector Lewis series.  GREAT SHOWS ALL."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season of five episodes starts off with a complex plot: a detective who is retired is writing a book about his old cases, all of them successfully resolved, but one.  He is killed, and the chapter goes missing.  As Morse and Lewis dig deeper and deeper, several possible suspects emerge as to who might like to keep the information quiet, and who has the most to lose if the secrets are uncovered regarding the circumstances surrounding the crime and why it was never resolved.These shows may seem slow-moving compared to current mysteries, but the magic is in the script and acting.  Morse always has wise observations and his face is a joy to watch as John Thaw underplays the subtle emotions."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Why is it that no comedy show can go a half an hour with out making fun of Jesus or Christians? American Dad started out great but now it seems they will take the road most traveled. All jokes revolve around Christians. This episode was no different. It started out really funny and I almost said \"see you do not need to bash Christians, but I interrupted by the show bashing on Christians. I have quit watching Family Guy and The Simpsons because of this. The only shows that I really like to watch any more on FOX was Futurama and it was canceled and then there was King of the Hill and it is being canceled. Oh well, after I stop watching American Dad I will stop watching FOX altogether. Which is not such a bad thing? Almost all shows on FOX are garbage anyways."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best show of this type I have ever enjoyed.  To bad the geniuses at Fox tv cancelled it.  Though such an off the grid Unit, if it existed could be a very dangerous tool in the wrong hands , I love the show.I would like to think there is a part of the Delta Force or the navy Seals out there somewhere that operates this way.  However since the Tragedy of Benghazi  occurred the way it did , with politicians and political motives taking priority over protecting American lives , I doubt seriously if there is such a Team that serves up some justice,  Unless it benefits  some politician."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't want to give too many spoilers but this was a really interesting little series, two totally distinct personalities in the same body and they discover and then communicate with each other by leaving video messages........One of the personalities is a meek, mild Mr.Nice Guy and the other is a \"rockem sockem\" secret agent who would make James Bond blush.........the fun really starts when the \"secret agent\" personality spends the night with the \"Nice Guy\" personality's wife............it's too bad that they didn't continue the series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "ER is the one and only Medical show that will stand out for all time. And N.B.C put there head up there butt one more time by giving it the boot. And trying to put some other Medical trash in it place( NBC).( New But More Crap). And they took off Law and Order. A flag ship show, just like ER. But that is ok. I will have all 15 seasons of ER very soon, like in a week. And I can start at season one and watch it all over again. 95% of the stuff on tv now is trash..Really no need for Cable now!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "With this purchase, I have now purchased all 15 seasons of this wonderful series.  I'm not in the medical field, but this drama gave me a greater appreciation of it.  NBC did a wonderful job.  The actors and actresses in this 15 year series were some of the best.  Thank you also to Amazon for providing me with some of the DVD's.  I hope that those of you who read this review are as big a fan as I am of this show, and that your collection is complete as well."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "iCarly is a good show the entire family can watch; this show is enjoyed by all of the kids in my neighborhood up to about 8th grade.  The jokes are pretty funny and what I really like the most as a parent is the show doesn't cross the line like a lot of children-focused shows seem to do with being a tad risqu&eacute;.We have watched all of the episodes of this season for free via our Prime membership vs. the regular price of $24.99 for the whole season: not a bad deal!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I remember when I first started watching this show in 2009 and, even though I&#34;m not a kid, I thought it was so funny! It&#34;s too bad that Nickolodeon ended iCarly in November 2012! So I decided to buy it on DVD! I&#34;m waiting for the last two Seasons to come out on DVD! Let&#34;s see there is, of course, Carly Shay, Spenser Shay, her crazy way out there Artist brother, Freddie, the guy is crazy about Carly, Sam Pucket, played by Jennette McCurdy, There are a host of other characters on the show, too, like, Gibby( Gib-bbah!), who they are all over on their Internet online show &#34;iCarly&#34;. I do recommend this show very highly and I still say Nick made a big mistake ending this show like they did....there should, at least, be a follow-up movie! So, with that, let me have front row seat and my bag of popcorn, I&#34;m watching &#34;iCarly Season 2&#34;."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Really, all I can go by is that my grandson keeps asking me to watch Deigo. I don't sit and watch it with him but I can hear him calling out the answers to Diego's questions and when it over he wants to watch another. I have seen a few episodes and I like how they get the child involved and it is actually a teaching show. So they are not just sitting numbly spaced out watching cartoons. One time I purposely called out the wrong answer and he corrected me! Great. I was just checking to make sure he was understanding. He is 2 1/2 years."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This Batman series has got to be one of the most under appreciated, at least for its time, a solid 65(64) episodes in total, 13 (might just be 12 I can't remember) of which were made as an encore season after the second season finished. This batman reminds me of the Bruce Timm DCAU batman with a twist of Adam West, and a dash of batman beyond's gear. As far as similarities to the comics, well their really aren't many this batman like almost all TV versions of him has to be toned down for kids. If you watch this and find this batman to be a little to cheerful, feel free to buy/rent  \"The Dark Knight\" parts 1+2. That's what batman is like in the comics."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's finally here. The collection that we have been waiting on for nearly four years has finally arrived, and its almost everything that I could have asked for. To be perfectly honest, I didn't think we would ever see Batman: The Brave and the Bold in the glorious hi-def picture that we so richly deserved. The only downside is that, again, this set sadly lacks the special features that were absent on the dvd collections as well.The picture and sound quality are wonderful, seeing as this show was gorgeous in the first place. This set is the COMPLETE first season, not the half season releases we saw with the DVD collections. There really isn't much to say beyond this. Batman the brave and the bold is a fun, bright, imaginative, absolute blast of a TV show, and now its finally on Blu-ray. It is a great show, and deserves to be in your collection. A treasure and an absolute must buy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't realize until I was 15 minutes into the first episode that it was filmed in Canada. I haven't watched all of season 1, but I have watched enough to know it is a very tight drama.  Characters are fantastic and believable.  I do like that they finish each story while continuing to develop the main characters a little at a time.  I was also surprised to see it was on TV for 5 seasons.  Hmm, well missing it then is making it a great way to catch up now.  Well worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My husband and I love off-beat shows like &#34;Life&#34;, &#34;The Finder&#34; and others of that ilk. But I have said for a long time that I miss &#34;Hill Streets Blues&#34;. This is HSB up-dated and in HD. I think there should be a law that every police person in the entire world be as kind, patient, understanding and willing to give folks the benefit of the doubt as the character Greg Parker does. He also orders bad guys deaths but only as a last resort. My father was a highway patrolman and a sheriff so I know that good law-enforcement is possible. This show has a huge heart and lots of grit."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "You got to love Leverage!This show is a modern day Mission Impossible (Mission Impossible: The Sixth TV Seasonis the current release of the classic show). The team plays these caper straight but there are so many laughes and twists of the tale.Timothy Hutton channels his inner Jim Phelips as Nat Ford, The mastermind of the operation. Gina Bellamn as the grifter Sophie Devereaux who can steal your heart as well as your wallet. Beth Riesgraf is Parker , Who channels her inner Alexander Mundy (It Takes a Thief). Christian Kane plays Elliott Spencer , the hitter , who is brain and well as muscle but cannot work a computer. To roound out the cast is Aldis Hodge as Hardison, the hacker who can find a file in the world wide web.Those who love caper movies this show is like a mini in 50 minutes.Always remember as you watch this show that the best Good guy is a bad guyBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Although I've always liked Timmothy Hutton's acting abilities, I'd have to say in this series, his character is flat.  In the whole first season, it seems like the actors aren't really that interested in playing their parts to the full extent of their talents.  As a drunk, Tim Hutton seems to drag the show down because he is the leader of the group and impacts all the characters, so perhaps he is playing his role perfectly?!?Maybe next season, the characters will show more life.  Although I can't recommend that you spend your money on \"Leverage,\" I recommend renting it first (or watching some of it on the Amazon Movie program if it is available), and then deciding if you'd like to buy Season 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a dinosaur when it comes to TV.  There are so few TV shows today that I like.  The format for today's shows bores me.I still use an antenna and had never seen this show. When it was syndicated a friend told me I had to watch it.  I was hooked immediately!  What a great show!  The writing is excellent, the cast is brilliant.  Whoever cast that show deserves an award!  Since I don't have cable I have not seen Season 5 yet and can't wait for it to come out on DVD."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Everyone complains about their job, but somehow the produces came up with a series that makes you hope someday they would put your dirty job on the show. Even if they never put your's on the air, it is well worth watching it, a good lesson to remind everyone of what real hard labor is. We forget what it is like to do these dirty but necessary jobs, my only regret is that they never had rich and famous people who never worked a day in their life or got their hands dirty to guest hosting the show. LoL"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season 1 and all other seasons in this series is very educative to watch. You will find the host Mr. Mike Rowe&#8217;s comments very entertaining. Mike has gone to some extraordinary lengths to participate in these series and show us an array of episodes how hard some honest people work in this country to make our lives easier. If these honest people did not do their dirty jobs as portrayed in the series then civilized life on earth would not have been possible. Sincere thanks to all hardworking individuals who made these series a hit."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season 2 and all other seasons in this series is very educative to watch. You will find the host Mr. Mike Rowe&#8217;s comments very entertaining. Mike has gone to some extraordinary lengths to participate in these series and show us an array of episodes how hard some honest people work in this country to make our lives easier. If these honest people did not do their dirty jobs as portrayed in the series then civilized life on earth would not have been possible. Sincere thanks to all hardworking individuals who made these series a hit."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've loved Shark Week since it's inception, and through the years I've come to truly appreciate sharks of all types.  That being said, I don't put myself in THEIR environment anymore.  It's theirs, they 'own' it, they dominate it and I'm all good with that.  Still, I love learning about them, seeing them and watching the experts try to being understanding to we laymen.  That, I think, is what Shark Week is all about, although they do always bring the attacks to the fore, but that's because we, the viewers, are rubberneckers at heart and want to see blood in the water.I hope all will watch, learn and express their appreciation for the apex-predator of our seas."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This Canadian series holds onto its excellence in the release of season two. The name flashpoint refers to some event which brings a person to snapping and taking the law into his own hands.  That person is also about to do something awful, such as kill other people.  This squad has to do one of two things, either calm the person down until he surrenders to them OR kill the person before he can harm others. They are all excellent marksmen plus skilled in calming down people who have hit the flashpoint.  The series is set in Toronto."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I enjoyed season two.  Shocking end, but very well done.  I used to think only here in the USA that we had gangs, illegal guns, terrorists and good old fashion poverty, but this series is set in Toronto and shows human nature at its most vulnerable and that these human condition exist everywhere to one degree or another.The characters are very likable.  You see just enough of their private lives to be interesting and engage your interest without overwhelming the show.  Enrico Colantoni, is a spectacular actor and never disappoints no matter the role.  I have seen him in Veronica Mars, Just Shoot Me, and most recently in Person of Interest.  He is able to adapt to a role and make it believable.  Hugh Dillon is wonderful and David Paetkau is just plain HOT!  Where's the fan?  :)This is a police procedural with all the trimmings and well worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We have become big fans of several BBC mysteries: Inspector Lewis at the top of the list. To this we have added the Canadian production, Flashpoint. The two shows are widely different but both thoroughly enjoyable. While Inspector Lewis is about solving impossibly complicated mysteries, Flashoint is about a Toronto police tactical unit, similar to swat teams here in the US. Every episode is extremely intense: filled with quick action and the high stress/emotion that goes along with it. You can't help but get caught up in it as you watch. That said, the show is not dark like many of the BBC mysteries, just really intense. The members of the cast each get to &#34;shine&#34; in different episodes so you get to know them well. One other really good thing: unlike the BBC mysteries where each season may be made up of only a few episodes, this series has as many as ten in a single season. All the more to enjoy!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "... my friend, this is. An almighty business man, accustomed to being sought after for his money or used by competitors, falls in love with a female artist hired to make a fresco for the foyer of his building. Being cautious he sets his spies on her, planting microphones and cameras in her rooms and workrooms, only to be embarrassed when he finds himself in an amorous situation with her, and does not want to be recorded. All the roles are well-played especially by Bonmaire. I think I loved it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Having been in nearly the same situation more than once, I identified with the Phoenix character, though not with his bipolar problem. He falls for two women at once, but for different reasons. One seems like his backup plan in case the one he really wants, Paltrow, falls through, which she does at every opportunity because she is almost as unstable as him. In the end, the Plan B comes into play. Along the way, Phoenix delivers some realistic emotions, as do the two female leads. This is a very contemporary film, fraught with real adult desires and frustrations when we search for love and don't always find it perfectly."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Phoenix plays a character very similar to the lethargic James Dean or early Brando.  It took me over half the movie to get used to him and appreciate the character.  I can't say I enjoyed it, but again, I appreciated his acting.  Paltrow, well, pretty and pouty - anyone could have played her part. Interesting ending that would be worth the argument at a party with a bunch of opinionated men and women. Hey, that might be a reason to watch it!  There ya go!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The things I have enjoyed about House are still present in the fifth season of the show. The character drama is handled extremely well, the acting is top notch, and all around this season has some incredibly solid episode. While not every episode is a hit and some of the storylines don't feel quite right, this is a very stable season that is easily 4 stars. This is by far one of the most unique medical dramas ever and it's a testament to the show's quality that it can stay interesting even after 100 episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is interesting because it is based something we all do, interpret the mood of friends and coworkers.  We do it before we say to a friend, &#34;Boy, you got out of the wrong side of the bed this morning!&#34;  Clinical psychologists do it as they are aware of the changes fear and elation cause in the body.  High level KGB agents, such as Putin, are trained to be especially skilled in the technique of emotional prying.  Many a fortune teller is a skilled emotional reader who amazes a client with what the client is telling in body and facial language.  The lead actor in this series is miscast but the concept and story line is well done."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Wow, unexpectedly great show--I'd give it 10 stars if I could. Dr. Lightman (Tim Roth) doesn't just read facial cues to tell when folks are lying--he's pretty darn good at telling lies himself. This show is fresh, original, and addictive. I never would have thought the show would work with Tim Roth in the lead but he's terrific as are the other 2 main characters--you want to know what's going to happen to these people. And unlike another reviewer I liked how season 1 ended. These folks who study the science of lying have a gift, and that gift is both a blessing & a curse as you will see thru the first 13 episodes. Can't wait for season 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't watch the original TV program on Fox so I enjoyed watching the episodes on my Kindle. This is a well written and well acted drama. Facial and voice cues are used to determine if someone is lying. Cases involve a variety of situations so it is not repetitive. The mix of work and family in the show is enjoyable to watch. I would recommend Lie to Me to anyone who likes crime dramas. I realize that Fox cancelled Lie to Me due to low ratings. I don't remember seeing ads for the show so I wonder if they promoted it well enough."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This short (13 episodes) first season of Lie To Me was a big surprise to me. The show format and concept of the stories are not particularly groundbreaking, but good scripts, superb acting and a likeable ensemble cast make it above average (in my opinion).Kelli Williams is simply breathtaking as Dr. Gillian Foster. She's gorgeous, mature, self-assured without being cocky. Tim Roth, that did not need to prove anything, once again show his talent.This is the kind of DVD set to watch in one week maximum!I don't know why Season One was so short."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched this series when it was primetime but due to work, I missed many episodes. Hate to say I was never a big fan of Tim Roth but I love him in this! He is believable. He is perfect for this part! I find myself watching peoples faces and expressions more since watching it. I'm not sure if it really works but from what I've seen I think it proves to be true. I like the relationships between the characters and have started on season 2.If you like drama and have an open mind, I think you will enjoy Lie to Me as much as I do."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is built around the idea of being able to detect when a person is lying by the presence or absence of facial and body cues.  The Lightman Group, comprised of Dr. Lightman and a talented group of associates are  engaged by various individuals and groups to determine if a lie is being told, and who is lying.  This job is not as cut and dry and it sounds.  The group uncovers much during their investigation.  Meanwhile, we are given glimpses into the lives of each of the main characters, each of whom is lying about or hiding something.  Really good show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm going to leave the original review as a reminder to me. Understand the purpose before judging. The intent of this series is to present a way to understand what it means to be in a combat zone. Most of the episodes are well done and include original footage as well as recreations. The information is as detailed as necessary and the narration and interviews offer an easily understandable overview. Recommended for those who want an interesting and informative glimpse into a 'Combat Zone.'[Combat Zone? Not a TV person, so I was not familiar with the series. OoPs!]Viewed this series by chronology instead of episode number. Interesting interviews and original footage. The recreations are well done and the narration is informative. Photographs add that personal dimension. For those who are well grounded in military history, this series may be disappointing. If you like a combat type  series instead of documentaries, this is a good one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Satellite of Love experiment of the Week is a real Cute-a-saurus that will have you card-board... But in a good way...  The Boy's screen a Film about a Kickboxer from the future (more like Jean Claude Gosh Darn) who teams up with a nun and an assortment biggest loser dropouts to fight stacks of Cardboard boxes and Dinosaur puppets while the Bots are forced to watch.  Crow tries to calculate how many times a lady Gypsy is. (Spoiler: Gypsy is disappointed that she is only 2.7 times a lady; turns out Mike is eight times a lady). Also Mike, gives a lesson in forced perspective and he,  Crow and Servo realize they've never really thanked Pearl for not killing them. They take a moment to thank Pearl, interrupting her attempt to kill them... \"HEY!\""}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This \"indie\"? movie is about an English female radiologist, convincingly played by Lena Headey (Cersei Lannister of The Game of Thrones), who, along with her extended family, experiences bizarre occurences and violent encounters. I shall refrain from spoilers.It is filmed in mostly dark, partially lit scenes and some stark, icy cold, bright settings with ominous droning music; all intended to build up a sense of foreboding in a slow....did I say slowww?...slow, sequence of events building up to a ...hopefully...climactic finish, that ties it all up. But alas, the \"denouement\" falls flat and is open-ended, leaving the viewer wondering.Lena Headey and Richard Jenkins carry this movie and make it worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I gave this one a try because I'd seen Buffy the Vampire Slayer ( and generally liked it) and Angel (often liked it, especially in the early episodes) and liked Eliza Dushku in each of them. I was never as happy with this series- not liking the concept of people renting out their bodies to be &#34;imprinted&#34; with recorded memories/ personalities of other individuals to be used as desired. Ms. Dushku could perform quite a range of characters whether as a prostitute or agent on a mission-for me she was really the only reason to watch Dollhouse.That unaired pilot, I think they called it on the DVD, &#34;Echo&#34; obviously was rewritten for the second season finale, not much better here than there. In my opinion, if you're short on money look for 1st season in the bargain bin, and skip 2nd entirely."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Dollhouse offers an interesting concept, \"Store your own personality, memories and anything that makes you 'you' and have someone else's personality, memories, etc., downloaded into your brain\".  From there you'll be sent on various missions depending on the request of the patron.Initially this was a fairly enjoyable series.  Season One had all the things going for it which would allow for a successful Season Two.  Alas, that wasn't so in my case.  Season Two came to a crashing halt of way over the top ideas which lead to my loss of enjoyment.While I was a huge fan ofFirefly: The Complete SeriesandSerenity [HD], I'm by no means on the Joss Wheaton bandwagon.  I've seenBuffy the Vampire Slayeronly a few times and have no desire to watch the series anytime soon.  By saying that, I want other reviewers/readers of reviews to note the objectivity in my own review."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you're like me you didn't even consider watching dollhouse because of the name, ick. After rolling my eyes at the show I now find out it's by Joss Whedon and Eliza Dushku is the main star...well how can you go wrong? If you like the other Joss Whedon shows you'll like this one, lots of action, imaginative scripts, and good acting. It's also nice to see the familiar faces from other shows, especially because some of them are playing such different parts...I guess I shouldn't admit it, because it shows how tacky I am, but suddenly I realize they can act, as opposed to those actors that can only do well in one type of role.Some of Joss Whedon's shows took a season to really get going but the script and cast is tight from the pilot with dollhouse, oh and now that I understand the name I like it. Definitely give this show a shot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "NO SPOILERS : this season was amazing. i accidently stumbled onto this season....i hadn't watched survivor since the third season...so i knew nothing about any of the cast. so once i caught the first episode i immediately was hooked...the entire season, J.T., Steven, The Dragon Slayer, Taj....all excellent. the games are exciting, the rewards were awesome, and seriously some of the best backstabbing ever. this season, however, also had alot of heart...i truly did love the final four....good and bad...they all deserved to be there...i watched the entire series in two days...GORGEOUS scenery, excellent editing, music on point, Probst is excellent.cannot recommend this season enough....im not ruining any surprises here....im not...but three words...FAKE IMMUNITY IDOL = BRILLIANT."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well--not the best Survivor but there are plenty of entertaining elements and characters you love to hate.  The streaming was very poor quality for the first few minutes of every episode, and then phased in and out of adequate quality to so blurry I wasn't certain who the characters were.  Several times it froze and never managed to reload (I turned it off and then back on, then pushed \"resume\"--usually to good effect).  Streaming quality issues are not restricted to this item.  I have 15 mps DSL and have done online speed tests to confirm it.  I should be getting better quality than I have from Amazon Instant Videos.  I have a 1 GB video card and 8 GB DDR3 RAM as well as an i3 processor."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm not a huge John John Malkovich fan, but this seems like one of those rare occasions when actor and role seem perfectly matched to produce an entertaining movie. Malkovich plays Buck Howard, a failing magician loosely based on the Amazing Kreskin. Malkovich's character is both corny and charming. He undergoes a transformation from being frustrated with his fate of performing for small-town America, to finding the his big break didn't necessarily bring him what he most needed. Meanwhile, Colin Hanks (Tom Hank's son) plays a young man searching for himself after dropping out of law school. Ultimately, this movie isn't a slapstick comedy and you probably won't find yourself laughing out loud. Nonetheless, it has some funny moments and is a breath of fresh air compared to the stale comedies Hollywood has been producing (with their utterly predictable plots).I found myself unable to predict where exactly the story was going or what would happen next to Buck Howard - and I loved that. Hopefully you will too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Colin Hanks play Troy Gable, a law school drop out. He becomes the road manager for The Great Buck Howard (John Malkovich) a flamboyant washed up mentalist. Buck plays the small towns as Colin hides from Buck his unpopularity. Buck Howard is a caricature of The Amazing Kreskin. Emily Blunt plays a publicist and love interest for Troy.  Tom Hanks has a minor role as Troy's father.The film is rather shallow and predictable. John Malkovich provides us with a quirky character who is questionably gay. Sadly, Colin Hanks lacks charisma and is unable to pull off a great performance. In spite of the short comings Malkovich gives a performance that carries the film.No f-bombs, sex, nudity. Just good PG fun."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is not for everyone. If you don't want to see moms going over the top and children acting like brats then don't watch it.But it's not all like that. In most episodes, the parents are kind and teach the kids sportsmanship. Just like with everything else, there's a good and bad side. And there's some things that might shock as well anger some. But this is a show, like any other.What saddens me, are the reviews that the comments that are so catty and mean. It's a show. Treat it as such. If you don't like it, don't watch it, simple as that."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first, the dialogue was a bit jarring for me -- but I quickly adjusted and grew to appreciate its merits.This is a show with fantastic characters, and three-dimensional antagonists.  Jack is my favorite character, despite being an antagonist, and he goes through some very real and identifiable struggles.  This is incredible fiction.The series ends on an ambiguous note -- it doesn't really work as a series finale -- but this 13-hour journey is something I've watched three times from start to finish because it is such a delight."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Fast, facile jokes in a similar style to 30 Rock or Arrested Development make this caricature of Monsanto (a nefarious R&D heavy company that makes both GMO food and pesticides) a lot of fun.  In contrast to Arrested Development, however, the characters are not very well developed, and so I'm watching it with far less empathy than those in AD.  The lack of social empathy is more like 30 rock where only a few characters are singled out for elaboration but they are so over-caricatured and ancillary that they are unrelatable as humans: in Ted this is the zany scientists and cold ceo and in 30 rock Jenna, Tracy, the paige and the writing staff."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A fabulous show that was cancelled far too early. For those who haven't watched it, the show is a satirical situation comedy that focuses on a fictional multi-national corporation called 'Veridian Dynamics'. The main character, Ted, is the head of research and development and oversees a quirky team of scientists and product testers. I love the humor and the relationships between the characters. Portia de Rossi is perfectly cast as the emotionless member of management. The 'commercials' for Veridian Dynamics are hysterical. I highly recommend this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The kids love this show, eager to watch again and again.  I've watched alongside them, and it's easy to get caught up in this tale of mermaids living on land.  They manage to mingle daily life with a magical world without being inappropriate.  Girls always love mermaids, and let's face it, don't you get tired of the Disney stuff?  This show, is free of all the canned laughter, corny old jokes, product placement, agendas and hidden messages that Disney (and most American TV) puts in all the kids shows nowadays.  It's nice to see a show the kids can just enjoy, learning gentle lessons about right and wrong, friendship and so on."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Hounddog starring Dakota Fanning was the film that was panned by critics but I found this coming-of-age drama very poigant. Fanning is the best child actor since Jodie Foster. Robin Wright Penn also stars and she is an amazing actress as well. The much talked about rape scene is not graphic, no nudity is shown especially since Dakota was only 12 at the time. Fanning's character is obsessed with Elvis Presley, through his music - she finds solace and then loses her fragile grip on reality. Slowly but surely she is healed and learns to find her voice again. Heartbreaking story but one worth telling."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I pretty much knew what I was getting myself into when I rented this. I knew about the controversial rape scene, and that was my favorite part. Dakota Fanning plays Lewellen, who loves Elvis Presley music and lives with her strict dad and God-obsessed grandmother, who ironically plays Carrie White's mom in the Stephen King classic. This movie makes you feel really uncomfortable regarding her dad getting struck by lightning and becoming dumb, and when she hears that someone has a ticket to see Elvis, she is forced to stip nude for him and dance and sing 'Hounddog' If you wanna see Dakota Fanning get raped, you'll love HOUNDDOG!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is another of those indy films that is so good it is difficult to watch.  Fanning is a young girl on the verge of adolescence, who has that natural talent for singing that so many children lose.  She lives in a vivid rural milieu with a father who is a heavy drinker and an absent mother.  Her friends include a neighbor boy and a wonderfully lively group of southern blacks, whom she accompanies as an elvis singer.  It is warm and she is evidently going to become an extraordinary beauty.However, she is introduced to sex at too early an age.  This is not, as some reviewers have claimed, about early sexuality - there is nothing titillating about it whatsoever.  Indeed, completely unprepared, the theme of the story is that it nearly breaks her spirit.  It is about the possibility of healing and it is extremely, graphically realistic.  Fanning's performance was, in my opinion, oscar-worthy.Warmly recommended.  Just be prepared for stark realism."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Pretty family friendly most of the time!  It's a fun show with teen mermaids filmed at Australia's SeaWorld but has enough drama & mystery to stay interesting & refreshing.  Sometimes characters go in and out of episodes too much but perhaps that's necessary with such a large cast. (For example, Rikki's boyfriend Zane might be on episode 3 then you won't see him or that storyline till episode 7.)  I like that there is practically no bad language and violence to a minimum and that it focuses on good things like friendship, responsibility, loyalty etc.  My young kids and my teens like it and I do too, so thumbs up!!  My mom actually watched the show & recommended it to us since she liked it so well.  But remember, it is a teen drama...there will be corny moments...overall, 4 stars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In  season twoThings are still PG rated. Cleo's parents are separated and the mother is out of the show.  You finally get a little background on Rikki (where she lives and who with).  Phoebe and Claire's acting has improved (though Claire's still needs a good deal of work).The girls now seem to have increased their powers and can cause winds, lightening and snow and such. And Emma gets a new boyfriend.But this season pretty much revolves around a new girl in town named Charlotte (played by Brittney Byrnes) and she sets her love sights on Lewis.  She seems nice enough at first but soon becomes a threat to all 3 girls, which gets even worse when Charlotte herself becomes a mermaid with all 3 powers in her own possession, escalating to quite the mermaid showdown.Of seasons 1-3, this is my favorite."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Im sure everyone would like to edit this movie in something a bit better,,,is it Ron 's red riding hood cape or that huge amount of cheeze, or maybethe mutants could have used a bit more errie vocals...but all said thisis a pretty good movie that wanted to do it all but could only do somuch due to many factors...We have trench warfare like world war 1&2...we have powerfull coorporationsbent on winning at all price, and we have the newly arrival of the MACHINE.So, it might not be the best,, but they sure tried and came out with thismovie that is worthy of a view.This is a keeper for me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't like Parks and Rec at first. It wasn't until the second season that i felt like it all gelled and took off. However going back and watching the first season I appreciate it as an introduction to Pawnee, Ron Swanson, Leslie Knopfe, etc.  It is great to watch this season and see how they've developed and evolved from it.  Definitely a good purchase if you, like me, love this show.Also they have great extras and extended producers cuts of episodes. Definitely worth the buy"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My partner is a Political Science Professor and watching Parks & Recreation with her has been wonderful to help understand some of the little innuendo that comes with understanding a comedy dealing with local government.  There are some issues that are so politically incorrect that you'll just have to laugh.  I've loved this series and have them DVR'ed and watch them over and over.  I look forward to the actual release of the DVD (which I have pre-ordered) so that I can watch the episodes without commercial interruption.The characters are extremely funny and stereotypical to what you might imagine a government worker to be like.  Lines like:\"What I can accomplish in government can actually be measured\" (after one of the characters is commended for lowering a speed bump two inches).The humor can be dry at times (love it) and it brings out a wonderful side of Amy Poehler[...]A mockumentary series at it's best!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Like many people, I can have my interest spiked by advertising and such was the case with this show.  The advertising generated sufficient interest to get me to watch the \"pilot\" program, however, having done that, I will not be watching any of the other episodes (despite one review which indicates that the second season \"gets better\").In my opinion, the \"pilot\" should set the scene for what is to come.  It should generate sufficient interest to induce you to watch another episode and another and so on.  As it did not do this for me there is no logic in watching further episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Parks and recreation season 1  while this is a very short season it does introduce the characters nicely. I do like Amy Poehler and that made me watch the whole season. This 'go-do-it' anyway character portrayed by Amy Poehler is likable. Also, somewhere in the end of Season 1 you start to love the other characters as well if you are into light comedy 'no nonsense' easy to watch show. I have since finished watching Season 2 as well which by far has been very good also."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I like Parks and Recreation because of the format, how they signal out individual characters letting them share their comments on the current situation, which is a signature of The Office, whose writers created this show too. I also like how candid Leslie Knope's character is. Like other shows each character is known for a behavior of theirs, like April is snarky, Jerry gets picked on by everyone, and Chris is always optimistic. I began watching season three online, so thanks to Amazon Prime I can start from Season One. Since this is similar to the Office anyone who enjoys that show should try out this one. Another similar show is the Mindy Show in regards to a practice that she serves as a doctor for among other doctors. Both shows are about women in different professional fields and their trials and tribulations in being successful. Currently season six is on NBC and hopefully the series will enjoy more seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a strange little film that I do not think has been given as much credit as it deserves. Anyone who can sit still for an hour and a half is sure to find this film worth seeing. The under used Jason Ritter and Marianna Palka are so interesting to watch here and although not really a comedy, it will make you laugh a lot of the time.This story about a guy who begins to fall in love with a very withdrawn girl with severe trust issues is not your average love story, but it has a refreshing quality and the two stars are completely engaging. If you like romance films with a little more creativity, then this is certainly worth your time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We found this because I love Jeremy Renner and was looking for what else he has done.  He's great here and I was happily surprised with the quality of the rest of the cast. This is both funny and touching and quirky and weird enough but not too twee...  Actually,  it's charming.  It's a charming series about quirky cops going through their days.  I'm so sorry it wasn't continued but these few episodes are gems.And I have to plug Amazon prime here,  through it we get access to amazing shows that we would not watch otherwise.  It's terrific value!  So it's a win/win!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series only ran for 11 episodes some years ago, before Jerremy Renner bacame a big star.  I like him and I like looking at Amber Tamblyn, who's dating David Cross, old enough to be her father, when she she be dating me, old enough to be her grandfather.But enough about my imaginary love life.  The Unusuals is a refreshing and fun take on cop shows, and I enjoyed it, which is high praise since I find most cop shows dull and predictable, except for the wonderful British ones, like Foyle's War and Midsommer Murders and Death in Paradise.  Get a ROKU 3 box and you can get all of those and much more."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series was a great show/series!  I find it hard to believe it got cancelled after only 1 season.  It was not shown or promoted because it is much better than shows that have made it for years.  The humor is fabulous...very similar to the M.A.S. H. television series.  The major networks all want criminal minds and csi type shows...we loose  with this all the same philosophy.  I wish they would make more seasons to THE UNUSUALS!  Maybe Netflix or Amazon will make their own series of this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "ABC should be shot over and over again for not keeping this show. I LOVED IT! I only watched it because of the Amazon ratings. Someone at NBC should try to get it back. This was a gem with great plots, great characters, genuine emotion, and lots of humor---- all so very rare on tv. They made only a couple of mistakes: they needed a little summary at the beginning of each episode so you could get caught up if it was your first episode...you have to do this with continuing story lines. And, sorry, but I thought the lead should have been a bigger, gorgeous guy, although the guy in it was a great actor.BRING IT BACK!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "i am a lover of brit television, so i was surprised, pleasantly, and ecstatic, discovering this gem of american television. this is a romp--witty, sexy, intelligent entertainment, the best kind of comic book.  in my unabashed enjoyment of this s how, i was perplexed as to why it was only one season, and, then, i watched the episode in which banks beats up an alleged serial killer, and it struck me that a black man, beating a white man, even if the black man is a cop and the white man is a very bad guy,. does not sit well with the powers that be, in hollywood, and that's a pity because this show was as brilliant as anything the brits produce--really. it deserves five-out-of-five."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When I was teaching physical science to middle school, and high school kids, I did many of the &#34;Busters&#34; demonstrations and experiments on a smaller scale that they do on a much larger scale.  Give a 12 to 18 year old boy fire, something that burns or explodes, changes color, or does other &#34;neat&#34; things, and they are as happy as a hog in a wallow. I have a background in the sciences, i.e. a B.S. and M.Ed in the sciences (biology, earth, chemistry, and the physical sciences), and science education and I appreciate their approach in generating an interest in science. I wish they were around when I was at the 12-18 year old age range.  I did have Mr. Wizard, and I think he influenced me to go on as I did."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this series, how can anyone give it a one is beyond me.  I love it because there is no prize money at the finish line, no back stabbing or secret alliances to kick others off the show.  It's only with pure will and determination that each individual wants to push themselves to see what they are made of, to have a real life challenging experience, to learn new things to form real bonds and learn to work together to create a tight community, each person working and helping each other for a common but individual goal. This is as real as it gets."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Take a dozen or so everyday people,  throw them out into the wild (in this case Alaska), with some survival orientation, and see how they do. Being outdoor people ourselves, we found this series very addictive. It really comes down to who has the will to survive, although what body type you have is also definitely a factor. The survivors really do become family and depend on each other to make it from day to day. Every day they need to find the basics for survival- shelter, water, food, fire/warmth. These are no longer a &#34;given&#34; as they are in their normal lives, and as time goes on the constant struggle takes a toll.  A neat show- can't wait to see season 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If Mary Shannon was someone you knew in real life, you'd discover that she isn't that easy to like sometimes. She's rude, opinionated, with little patience for most people's problems. But she is loyal to a fault, and just wants her charges to be safe regardless of what they want.And because of all that, she's one of the most entertaining characters on TV.(I have to say that the S1 pilot episode wasn't that good, but once you get past that you will be hooked. But I digress; we're talking about season 2.)Season two is much like the other seasons - problems at home with with her mother and sister. And her partner, Marshall, being patient with Mary with all her quirks and irritations (it's obvious he's in love with her, but it's never explored).I would completely recommend that you buy this DVD set (and all of the seasons)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is amazing. So many talented performers putting a great musical-comedy every week. Seems impossible to do. These actors and writers are the best in TV. I'm not into much current television, but this show surely brightens my evening. Everyone should give it a chance. You think this shows not for you? You're probably wrong. Haven't loved a program so much since Buffy went off the air. Instant classic. Up there with Buffy, Twin Peaks and a couple of other landmarks. Give it a shot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love the high school kids, I love the music . . . so much I found my eyes misting up. Ya . . . and I want them to win the Glee Club competition sooooo much.I've fallen in love . . .Hey . . . I'm a vet, I love military history, The Alien Trilogy, The Terminator Trilogy and Battlestar Galactica. I want to see the wall pasted with the bad guys.Can this really be happening . . . :)Note: At this moment I am pretty disappointed. I cancelled my subscription to Glee . . . the pilot was definitely a 4 star in my book. But the following series went downhill, IMO. The music changed, the plot seemed to get muddled and uninteresting. But especially the music . . . totally different. Mostly an obscure collection of semi-modern lyrical. Just disappointing"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't watch Glee when it originally aired.  Guess I had too many other shows to watch.  Since I told DirecTv where they could put their satellite dish, I'm enjoying Amazon Prime to watch shows I had previously missed.Glee is an awesome show.  I watched Seasons 1 through 4 and I'm waiting for Season 5 to finish before I start watching that.  I decided to watch 1 through 4 again while I wait.  It just kept getting better.  I think you get more involved when you watch a series all at once instead of weekly installments.  It's nice to see their voices mature and get better.Burt Hummel is the best dad ever.Sad that Cory Monteith is gone...amazing to see how many people's lives he touched."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A  nice change from typical TV and its brought back the musical in a sense.  Glee touches on all types of discriminations without focusing too much on the high school model.  In fact, the teachers are some of the best supporting characters, especially Sue Sylvester (who sometimes steals the show) a la Jane Lynch who first stood out for me in ROLE MODELS.  The creators tapped into Broadway stars to pull this one off and it worked.  The nice thing about the songs is that they don't stick to one decade.  In fact, they cover songs that all generations can remember them even if they're all updated.  This is arguably one of the hottest TV shows in several years and the visiting A list actors and actresses supports my stance.  MY GRADE: A minus to A."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Glee: Season 1\" is an exceptional show. \"Glee\" is a high school drama, soap opera, and comedy about the agony and the ecstasy of being a teenager, with great music. Although the show has rapid fire broad comedy and classic pop songs, at its core is a group of sympathetic misfits that pull on your heartstrings. \"Glee\" is closer to being \"Freaks & Geeks\" than it is \"The O.C.\". Though there is a lot of soap opera melodrama, like \"Ugly Betty\", this is no vacuous teen drama about pretty rich kids, but neither is it a fringe curiosity. \"Glee\" is about kids on the outside looking to be part of something that they enjoy, and it's very enjoyable to watch them strive. Reviewed after watching all episodes as they first aired and then again on blu-ray."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am still mad about them canceling Sarah Conner Chronicles. Its one of the few TV series that I really, really wanted to know what was going to happen next. The people who cancelled that series should be a;lsdk kdfjklFII!!! (its too bad for a Amazon review).Ok, so, if you haven't seen that series watch it. The second season is even better than the first.This video is animated and has graphics about the level of todays consoles (PS3/Xbox), but don't let that stop you. Its pretty good and lets cross our fingers that if the Terminator mythology is persistant enough we may see some more great content."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is another season of the great British mystery series of Foyle's War.The series is set in Great Britain during World War II and each successive season sees the progress through the war from the point of view of the Detective as he oversees the small constabulary of his town that covers the town and its surrounds.  He is a quiet and very effective detective who is constantly observant of his surroundings and great at deduction.  He refuses to be bullied or pushed around.  He knows what his job is and what is right and will not deviate from either.He can be thought of as a predecessor of the American police detective, Colombo."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Is it a surprise that allies who should have been friendly to each other had elements on both sides that didn't like each other at all?  This is evident in the early seasons of Foyle's War as Foyle solves the crimes during the American Occupation.  The idea that the Americans and English were all devoted buddies was basic WWII propaganda and the dialogue of this show does not support that concept.  The fact that Roosevelt showed a preference for Stalin over Churchill and that Obama returned a Churchill bust that had been displayed in the White House for about half a century is an indication of the continuing distaste a reactionary element of our population still holds for our English brothers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The same could be said for Series 1-4 & 6:  We found ourselves 'rationing' the 3 episodes in the final season.  With our current penchant for sex, profanity and violence, it's hard to describe the overwhelming attraction that Foyle's War evokes.  Michael Kitchen can do more with minor facial movement than most actors could do with a 2-minute diatribe.  Sam, the driver, should have retired the UK-version of Best Supporting Actress.  Truth be told, it's the only TV series I've ever promised myself I would watch again a year or two hence -- that includes Friday Night Lights, the 2nd best."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show has very talented writers, artists and vocal actors.  It is so funny...our whole family watches it!  It really doesn't matter whether you're an adult or child, you will find it's humorous.  Because the writing is quick witted and sharp, younger children may find it confusing and some parents may think it's inappropriate at times.  The main character sounds like Ben Stiller and the very funny Wanda Sykes plays a disgruntled cow wonderfully!  Despite it's comedic nature, it still has some important lessons for us all...like lying will only bring trouble, etc. It is based on the movie and quite frankly, it rocks! 5 stars"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This would have been a fairly boring medical show, if it was filmed in average USA town with working class or middle class patients. But what makes it watchable is the fact that it is filmed in the beautiful Hamptons and all the scenery and people are opulent, super rich and pretty. But even then, the show follows a predictable formula, and since Dr. Hank Lawson was an ER doctor, now turned concierge doctor for the rich, every case he deals with is a baffling emergency case. The syndromes and symptoms the patients have are new in every episode and very uncommon and bizarre in real life. Have you ever heard of &#34;a foreign accent syndrome&#34; for instance? You will, if you watch this silly medical show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "*My husband and I had just caught up with all the past shows on White Collar and were twiddling our thumbs wondering what we could watch together. Nothing violent or gorey (my preference) and nothing too cutesy or overly romantic (his preference). This fits the bill!I I was 'iffy' with the pilot but liked the main character well enough to give it a second chance. I am glad I did. My husband and I both enjoy this show-it's funny, interesting and the characters are very engaging! Very little blood or gore-great for me since I am squeamish and don't typically watch 'doctor shows' becuase they are too graphic. This is just well-written and fun to watch! So far, nothing offense. How nice is that??"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love Hank and Evan. I personally think this show is different from your typical doctor shows on tv right now. Hank is a doctor that was let go from the hospital were he was currently worked, feeling depress his brother Evan who is funny in the show take him to the Hamptons where everything change for them. Hank became the go to doctor who goes to the clients rich or poor and with the help of his brother the business became Hank, MED.  It's a very good show fresh and a little different for me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Yes I enjoyed the first season of this show, that I thought was a summer fill in.  I was happy to suspend my disbelief in the fantasy premise of a boutique practice in the Hamptons. By the last show of the season the scripts had become boiler plates with fill in the blanks for the next show. The characters were one dimensional pulled out of a royalty free store for characters.  Credit is due to the strength of the cast. All are engaging and held my interest enough to watch through the end of the season. They all had the chops to make a cardboard character look like more than than it really was. In spite of the efforts of the cast this show was too thin for me to watch a second season"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show probably ranks as one of the top three that USA network shows the other two of course being Burn Notice and Psych,  and while there are other doctor shows out there this one with it's cast of talented actors and actress as well as special guests make it very enjoyable and worth checking out.  While the first season only gives you twelve episodes the second season will give you more to wet your appetite with having eighteen episodes,  and yes while there are a couple that aren't that great on whole the show will probably still entertain you and your family and friends."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After a few years on hiatus Futurama returns with the same voice actors and animators, it's like it never really left.  In Season 5 the cast travel into the far future, test out new 'Eye Phones', celebrate X-mas, Robanukah and Kwanzaaa, and even visit Comic Con.As with many comedies this later season is a bit more gimmicky and outrageous than the earlier seasons (even considering it's a show set in the 31st century) it also relies more on reoccuring characters than creating new ones.But these are minor quibbles.  There are funny slapstick episodes, profound ones (the Late Philip J Fry comes immediately to mind) and character-driven ones.  It's a welcome return for a beloved show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was really enjoying this show, no Tom Colicchio, no Padma (gag), with a new cute host and some worldclass chefs jumping through all sorts of hoops to advance.And I was really digging this show right up until I caught this disclaimer in the end credits: \"Winningand elimination decisions were made by the Judges in consultation with producers. Some elimination decisionswere discussed with Bravo.\"WTF!!! \"in consultation with producers?\" How bogus. Screw these guys, I ain't watching this crap anymore.What a waste of a real opportunity here... great chefs like Hubert Keller and Rick Bayless shouldn't have torely on ratings to get passed up the chain, their food should stand on its own."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Friends - The Complete Tenth Season is the last in the show's amazing 10-year run. The last season was the shortest as well, only 18 episodes. Some of the episodes are funny and entertaining and some are not. Season 10 is a mixed bag, you can tell the writers really started running out of ideas. The series finale is incredibly moving and spoiler alert! Ross and Rachel finally get back together (they are so meant to be, seriously!). Monica and Chandler finally get a baby, well twins actually. Phoebe gets married to Mike and Joey well he's character went on to star in an unsuccessful spin-off. It was time these \"friends\" went their separate ways but at least fans like me can watch these DVD's anytime, enjoy!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Was unsure when I purchased the DVD what to expect.  With real joy I can say that it was worth every cent and I have already watched it several times.  The Storyline kept me interested and I loved the two main actors. (Gilmore Girls, the mother) one of my favourite series.  Anway If you are unsure then try it I think most people will be very pleased, I was.  With the extras along comes a commentary and I am watching it now and it sounds like they had a great time filming this movie.  Enjoy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Makes you wonder about those authors of self-help books, eh?  What they're really like?  If they have all the answers?  Are they the lucky ones who have it all together?Nice to see Jeff Daniels in a movie.  He plays an author of a top best selling self-help book.  In reality, he's a ... oh, I can't tell you, you'll have to watch the movie.The characters are well developed in this movie -- that is, who they are, their fears, worries, gifts.  Oh, and the girl you can't place but you know you've seen her somewhere -- the ditsy girl at the book store -- she's the brunette in TV's Two Broke Girls.Amazed to find such a good movie I never heard of.  I think you'll enjoy it.Sweet price for Amazon Prime Members:  Free"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "They really missed an opportunity here.The background story is great; model dies, and comes back in the body of an overweight, brilliant lawyer.There's no real storyline. The model is going through some crisis over her changed identity, a client shows up with a  problem that relates to what she is going through, she wins the case.That pretty much sums up every episode.The end of the season finale was intriguing so I'll probably watch season two but if it doesn't pick up I won't bother with the other seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Some Episodes are better then others, but some Episodes are really good I enjoyed the season opening and ending I thought really good tv which is why I gave it 5,  Sometimes I wish Seasons were shorter so they could drop the weak episodes.  but in this case the weak episodes were not unwatchable  which is why I gave those a 3, so average out a 4It does have the cliche drug war view of 'drugs are the worst thing in the world'  and 'police have to bend the rules to get results' but not so bad that it distracted from my enjoyment."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series was listed as 'suggested viewing.' Fault to me for not reading why it was suggested. Thirteen episodes later? Possible reasons are an interest in military medicine and forensic pathology. The episodes offer a reasonable account of several cases that I actually remember. The reenactments and the ability to follow the actual thought processes of those involved with both criminal and forensic aspects is well presented. The diagrams and conclusions of experts in multiple fields of criminology is definitely a positive. It certainly doesn't resemble my usual military history documentaries! Just because I stumbled into this doesn't mean that I wouldn't recommend the series for those with an interest in this genre. Not a 'TV person' so I have no reference point for a comparison. The personal interviews add the dimension of reality."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It could be my Indian upbringing but for some reason I always feel at home when I watch Robin Williams. It could be the kindness in his eyes or the fragrance his happiness illuminates but he truly is a remarkable actor. In WGD, he does prove to me that even at 59, he remains one of the world's greatest actors.This film is for the morally tweaked, definitely not for those who live by calling everything mundane. It's funny, it's teary, it's funny, it is my film of the month. Do watch and share the word."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The first half of this movie you're left wondering why RW is such a whimp.If I had a kid like that, I would smack the **** out of him so others wouldn't have to put up with him.Fortunately, that didn't happen.After all the negativity that RW had to put up with, he takes a frown & turns it upside down.The movie centers around sex, & there are some very awkward scenes that are hilarious.If you need a good laugh, this is it.You end up knowing more about what's going on than the people in the movie.RW was the World's Greatest Dad for putting up with his kid, then taking care of business.You'll know the scene when you watch it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I rated the movie a one.  I love Bobcat and Williams is an excellent actor.  But, I saw no value in the movie except for maybe the last minute and a half. It is not a dark comedy, I adore dark comedy.  I rented the movie \"This must be the Place\" and that was a good movie with dark comedy.  There was also plenty of depth.  This movie was about the human condition.  Exaggerated maybe, but rotten kids are sometimes just a fact of reality. The actions of the father were pretty much unforgiveable so he was just as horrible in his own way.  People can read what they want to into the movie to justify recommending it, but there was really nothing beneath the surface and there was nothing worth laughing at; even in sarcasm.  As a matter of fact, they were two people I'd rather not know, and that includes the hour plus minutes I spent staring at them via the computer monitor."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First, If you are looking for a funny slapstick don't get this...This is one of those expansions of reality that never the less hits too close to home...Robin Williams pulls this off just fine, but the first part of the movie was something seriously unexpected. The mentality level is not quite in the gutter and the ending was really cliche. I would never the less recommend this for college level lit classes to watch as it does push the mind to consider much... and that is what literature is really all about... pushing boundaries to see what we can understand about our world.Oh, it is worth watching for everyone else once or twice."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Unlike some reviewers I didn't think Heroes was a great series- it was at it's best in the first season. I think the producers are supposed to have admitted once they had no real story plan but were making it up as they went along- I think the writing showed it as time went on.By the time 3rd season was well along I'd gotten tired of seeing how many character roles Ali Larter was stuck with (they even seemed to ignore her entirely part of the season), Hayden Panettierre?- couldn't the writers find something to do with &#34;Claire&#34; besides kill/injure her?Amazon had it really cheap when I made my order, so I decided to catch up on the episodes I hadn't bothered with while the series was still running. However good or bad it'll be at least it will look goog and maybe the extras will be good too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was a good show but thanks to the inconsistancy of the writers it lasted only four seasons.  The final season, to me, started to bring back some of the excitement and overall feel of the first season, which is easily the best IMO.  I could've done without the whole 'Sylar possessing Matt' garbage, because it was among the inconsistant writing and way too drawn out, but otherwise a pretty good ending.  Besides, if you already have the other seasons, you might as well get this one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just read that Heroes has been canceled.  I'm sad to see the show go.  I must admit that I'd never heard of the show until a couple of months ago, and spent the last couple of months watching all the episodes back to back.  I was hooked after watching season one, disappointed that season two was so short (writer's strike), season three picked things up again, and season four had it's share of surprises.I really loved how the show gave flesh and bone to the characters, and even switched them from good, to bad, to good again.  The cast was fantastic, all of them.  And, as for Sylar (Zacary Quinto), he was one of the creepiest villains I've ever seen on the screen.  I wouldn't want to run into him on the street.This show has been some of the most engaging television I've seen in ages.My thanks to all who brought us this remarkable show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was a new kind of series that I was sure would last many seasons but alas, it was pulled and we will never get to see an ending.I would put this up there with the X-Files as far as new thinking and breaking new ground in a series. We have more than enough series about police, attorneys, and spies and so this was a very welcome break in that mundane dribble that infests the cable channels now.A shame, real shame, to cut a series like this without giving closure to the loyal fans that stood by it all those years."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While overall I found the series to be mostly entertaining there were a few characters who really grated me with their apparent lack of importance to the series story or their characters personalities in the show itself, mostly with the apparent uselessness of Claire and the conniving mother of the Petrelli brothers who you really wished the character Sylar would kill ruthlessly but which never happened. This season like with the third tried to give us a new foil to match the villain Sylar with dubious results but much better then the third season second villain who at the end was pathetically killed off easily,  the fourth season new villain could have been better written but all in all wasn't truly horrible.  If you have the seasons 1-3 I would actually say just stick with those as while you can add on the fourth overall the episodes were pretty bland and though you'll get some more heroes episodes to watch you'll still probably feel a little cheated regardless."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Heroes started out as a phenomenon. It was a show that caught on like Lost, House and all the other major shows that were released around it's time. Sadley after an extremly successful first season and a TV writters strike Heores never was the same.This season was titled Redemption and it was a season that deserved the title. We were introduced to some great new characters as well as a very interesting new story. Yet the show never was able to bring itself back to the impactful first season and NBC just decided to cit the chord. To me I am all about closure and not to give Heores a proper send off was terrible. I had heard there were plans for a 2 hour series finale made for TV movie, but it was scrapped. Either way as a whole Heroes was a very interesting take on the whole superhero theme and I am very glad to know that I was able to be a part of it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is one of the best done and most unique re-imaginings of superman. No fan of the DC Universe can safely continue to call themselves fans without seeing what would of happened if superman landed 8 hours later in earths rotation, thus landing in the USSR instead of the U.S.A. The ending of this tale also makes up for any of the small details one might quibble about when taking off stars. The only issue, which isn't much of an issue since it comes with the genre is that fact that the comics and \"in motion\" but are yet in still motion, while I've seen other \"motion\" comics with them putting the added effort of lip movement and believable motion amongst the characters."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An interesting concept, I didn't even know it was on broadcast TV when it was.  I think too much time was spent on Ron Livingston's soulful looks, and Laura Harris is getting too old to be simpering like an ingenue.  The flashbacks started getting irritating, too-why not just start at the beginning?  By the time I finished watching the season, I was kind of glad there wasn't a second season, though I might have watched it just to see what they'd do with the &#34;baby&#34;."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After watching this soapy, relationship-entangled space opera for five endless hours, I happened to glance at my watch to notice that only five minutes had passed.Award yourself the \"Purple Heart For Patience\" if (like myself) you somehow manage to stick with this turkey to its distant, disapopinting conclusion, for the purpose of finally discovering the nature of its...\"UNIMAGINABLE MYSTERY,\" which the creators of the series -- from one grueling episode to another -- keep dangling enticingly before you.Perhaps the one and only redeeming feature about DEFYING GRAVITY is the immense sense of gratification and relief -- and \"lightness\" -- you're likely to experience after recommending it to (i.e., inflicting it on) your worst enemy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Defying Gravity is an awesome show that mixes the foreseeable future with an alien sci-fi twist.  It's all about mystery with flashbacks to see where the characters have come from and how far they have gone.  The whole show left me on the edge of my seat and I have since re-watched the show many times over.  Its great to watch at the end of a day.  Anyway, if you're a space fan and love mystery, this is the show for you.  This show was sadly cancelled before its time.  Have no fear in buying this gem."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The show is awesome,  the bearing sea  is a bitch of a place and Discovery has invested  heavly over the years to fine tune the cameras, crews  and  really make the show  cool. Who  would have thought that a show about crabbing would be a hit?  I like how the story lines are growing with new fleet vessels and thier crews, are a good mix  for future seasons. I  am glad they are  showing how crabbing works and how the  nuances  of that fishing  are impacted mininute by minute by nature above the ocean and  down on the floor.  I know that Discovery has trailer boats  so they are not alone  but I know they do work  hard to fil the quotas. Also I am glad that discovery are mixing in the USCG  and thier  presence in the fleet and on patrol. Very cool, glad the producers are thinking outside the box."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Psy-Max corporation is about to start selling Nirvana, a miracle drug that will eradicate all addiction. Nirvana works by producing endorphins in the brain. Unfortunately, corruption, scandal, and murder threaten to derail the project. Meanwhile, a mutant creature is attacking unwary victims, piercing their skulls, and sucking out their brains! Could there be some connection between Psy-Max and this murderous monster? BRAINIAC is a low-budget remake, loosely based on the original cheeeze-fiesta from Mexico. This version is every bit as ridiculous as the original. Having set the bar rather low for BRAINIAC, I was not disappointed. I especially enjoyed the tough, \"street\" lingo used by the biker dude and the drug dealer! Priceless! Just wait until you see the BRAINIAC him / itself! What a hoot!..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Toni Collette (an Australian actress) does an amazing and convincing job of portraying multiple personalities \"alters\" in this dark comedy.  Toni \"Tara, Buck, Alice, & 'T'\" work alongside John Corbett fromMy Big Fat Greek Weddingas they navigate life and it's stressors.  The acting is superb and the direction and production keep the viewer coming back episode after episode.  This series is unique in that MPD or Dissociative identity disorder (DID) has never been approached before on television besides the old movie Sybil.  United States of Tara gives a much more realistic view of how a typical family might deal with this.It's dark, it's funny and I found myself watching episode after episode in almost one sitting.  Collette's portrayals are convincing and really debut her acting prowess.  For something different and oddly funny, try out this series.  With Steven Spielberg at the helm, the series really comes together."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I think the first season was better. The crimes/mysteries were more common place in that you see people lie all the time for the crimes depicted in season 1.  In season 2, the storyline gets more grittier, more dangerous for Dr. Lightman and his team as they confront liars who will do anything to cover up their lies. There's a hint of unrealism in season 2, only because civilians like LIghtman and his team hardly ever get called to go confront people in dangerous places such as Afghanistan or the site of a collapsed mine shaft where anything could blow up at any second. Psychologists like him and his team still realistically work under controlled conditions, either in their office or through videos and one-on-one interviews. Otherwise, though, season 2 is still exciting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Instead of following the Dexter formula (12 episodes seasons), this new season of Lie To Me expanded to more than twenty episodes. In this case, this implied a lsos of quality, unfortunately.THings are some how weird in this season. The freshness and sheer brilliance of the first season (however flawed or not the whole concept may be) are gone since Episode One. Tim Roth, however, is still great to watch, as is Gillian Foster (forgot the name of the actress).BUt thing are kind of formulaic here. A lot of episodes are completely stand-alone. And they killed Spike!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This wonderful series just gets better and better. Tim Roth fits this characterization so well that he could BE the doctor he plays. Story lines change just enough to snare the viewer completely, yet keep the main plotline going throughout the series and keeping certain tensions and questions always there. I love this series and wish it would never end!Tim Roth is a master at his craft! Where has he been for we Americans? And the daughter! What an engaging girl! So perfect in her role--not at all the typical image of a rebellious, ill-mannered teenaged girl. She is someone you could love, and do love, along with her father. Everyone is just right in this series, and it is mesmerizing. Let's have more of it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "That mid-way through the season Gillian started wearing dark colors for a bit.  Then, all of a sudden, she was back.I guess asking me to rate this show is like asking dolphins if they like fish.  YES!  I am so sad this show is off the air, but then I wouldn't have the enjoyment of watching again and again.  I'd be too busy watching new shows of the series rather than the great ones already done (I have to admit, however, that I don't LOVE this show as much as Doctor Who).The episodes were wonderful and I'm already getting ready to watch season 3 (the last, sob)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There is not much to say accept the people who gave this show 3 and four stars must be from theplanet \"Mindess\". They don't know what interesting is. You know the type! It is very difficult for them to do something besides breathe. I can not go ino every plot or situatioin. But my hats off to the director , producer and certainly the actors who can't be equalled. This is not a show with a light plot.  It is show that twists around someone in the show and then goes on to something else. It is a show that keeps changing central charactors, which is the good guy and who is  the bad guy. Or, maybe there is not a good or bad guy.I will reccomend this TV serriew to people who ejoy thinking and getting envolved woth the charactorswhich is getting envolved with the plot. In short the stories are extremly complicated, but basically simple. Buy it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I started watching this because Steven King recommended it and I like Steven King novels so he pulls a lot of weight in my book. Well I'm hooked! You won't fall asleep watching these shows. Fast and continuous action are what keep me glued to the set or tab.  My wife thinks I'm crazy. Don't get caught up with facts and details just sit back and enjoy.  Not for the weak of heart. It's adrenalin pumping action that will definitely raise the blood pressure.Lots of foul language and violence so be aware."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Oh, man, SOA season 1 was off the meat rack.  Excuse me, I mean it was FLAWLESS!!!!  And the writers, directors and cast follow up with season 2 perfectly.  Someone wrote a review saying that they never thought they would like a show about outlaw bikers and I felt the same way.  However, the writing and performances are so GREAT that you just cannot deny that this show is addictive.  I am so looking forward to season 3 'til it's ridiculous.  I truly believe that The Linson's and Kurt Sutter will not disappoint for the 3rd. installment of SOA.  This is one FANTASTIC SHOW!!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS SHOW IT'S SO UPROARIOUSLY GUT-BUSTINGLY KNEE-SLAPPINGLY GOOD! I ALSO LOVE DAVE 'N BUSTERS, THEIR FOOD IS SO GOOD I LOVE THE STEAK ESPECIALLY FROM DAVE AND BUSTERS; DAVE AND BUSTERS IS GREAT LIKE THIS SHOW! I ALWAYS ORDER THE COORS LIGHT FROM DAVE 'N BUSTERS, IT TASTES SO REFRESHING DOWN MY THROAT AFTER I ORDER A DELICIOUS STEAK FROM DAVE 'N BUSTERS! I'M NOT SURE WHY BUT EVERYTIME I WATCH SEASON 5 OF IT'S ALWAYS SUNNY I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HOW DELICIOUS DAVE 'N BUSTERS IS AS WELL AS COORS LIGHT!BTW GO TO DAVE 'N BUSTERS AND ORDER THE STEAK AND A COORS LIGHT, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The two lasting images in this episode are Betty with her new-old Victorian fainting couch with dress to match and Don in a late night reenactment of the noir film NIAGARA, seedy motel and all. Everyone else is good too but maybe it is because everyone back in that time period wanted to BE Betty or Don, that they captivate us so. Everyone continues to jockey for position at Sterling Cooper.  Seemingly the order of the day is to just outflank your colleagues at Sterling Cooper.  Cooper himself outflanks Draper so that Draper can't leave him high and dry while Peggy tries to do just that--moving out and on, probably with Duck who has all female product clients with another agency. Joan is gone but I really don't believe it. As for Roger Sterling........... uhm..... Roger who?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 3 of \"Mad Men\" is the best season so far, and I think Season 4 will be even better! There are so many twists and turns in the storylines this season, and I don't want to give anything away by saying two much here. I will say that I did not see the last two episodes coming at all, and the season finale is the best episode of the show to date. I'd even go so far as to say it's one of the best episodes in all of television. \"Mad Men\" is so mart, so slick, so stylish...it's one of the best TV shows ever. If you're still not watching, you need to start."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Geared for young children, when you watch carefully, the show actually teaches social stories as well as Chinese words.The character friends stumble upon some type of social-emotional problem, such as feeling left out, being impatient or unwilling to share, upset about a mistake, or playing too rough. Kai-lan encourages viewers to review a problem, identify the feeling, and find a solution. Sometimes help requires asking a grown-up for solutions. When one character has a problem, the ripple effects and consequences are shown. Kai-lan sings &#34;It's up to me and you,&#34; and shows how children can take responsibility and ownership of problems, as well as solutions. The cute songs and vocabulary review make learning easy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've never watched this show before and do find myself intrigued by it.  This week's challenge was to cook a fantastic pork dish paired with red wine (to be drunk).  The guest judge is very serious about his red wine so the two had to be perfect complements.  Amazing that there are this many super artistic ways to cook and present pork with red wine.  I just went and watched every back episode to this season as well and found them all fascinating.  Generally I don't like reality tv but these shows where you learn something are a bit different.  This is very much like Project Runway but about food instead of clothes.  I like both shows and have learned a lot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first, the time-shifting and dual story line are a little confusing. What's going on here? Seems to be about two unrelated women whoo are finding love in the wrong places. Eventually, it all comes together, but not until the end. I didn't quite see it coming, either. I had to pause this a few times because I got bored and went off to do something else. It's not a very compelling story, despite the big-name cast. I did like the indie soundtrack which fit the lonely images of Mexico, southern California and Washington state very well."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When this movie starts flipping between the present, and two different times in the past (which itself takes time to figure out), it is hard to follow. At first. Once the characters and their places in time become a bit clearer, the story evolves into a complicated tale of a search for love, understanding and acceptance (both by/from others and one's self). I found the story to be one that drew me in, and even when the ultimate direction became clear, kept me engaged until the end.Great cast too!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first you wonder how the different story lines will tie together.  It is subtle and not shoved in your face, but with time the viewer sorts it out. Believable, tragic and hopeful story line.  The acting was top drawer. The setting is unusual and interesting.  Jennifer Lawrence plays the main role as a teenager and Charlize Theron plays her as a grown woman.  There is a bit of a Capulet and Montague family feud going on, which is actually understandable in this case, which dooms the young romance."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Cumberbatch plays a dysfunctional mathematician who is need of some serous personal development. He is a fish out of water, forced into a role he is ill-equipped to play. The plot is far fetched although familiar; of course I can't discuss that here. The resolution in the last episode seems rushed and somewhat unsatisfying as a result. Overall this is a fairly average British thriller in that it is extremely cynical and dark; it will not leave you jumping for joy and feeling spiritually renewed! I didn't enjoy this series anywhere near as much as Luther or Sherlock Holmes. Cumberbatch does as much with the script as he can - I understand what the script was trying to say but in this case it just wasn't especially convincing. Despite the criticism I did enjoy the series; I just felt it could've been so much more with a superior screen play."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Watched this on the basis of seeing Benedict Cumberbatch in an earlier production and was not at all disappointed.  Ok, I am disappointed there was not a subsequent season to watch.  The Cumberbatch character returns to a much changed England to attend his brother's funeral.  Everyone now must have a personal ID card in order to buy anything, get transportation or enter any where, including your own home.  He meets his brother's wife and is instantly attracted to her.  What follows is a story of intrigue and conspiracies that keeps you guessing as to who the good guys and the bad guys are.  The end of this 5 episode series is as unpredictable as the rest of the series.  Four stars only because I really wanted to see another season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "So Benedict Cumberbatch plays this socially awkward genius with a family connection in the government to help figure out the death of his brother.  Add some government conspiracies and Afghanistan spy intrigue and there we go for nice dramatic miniseries.What makes it especially relevant today is the government Total Information Access (TIA) where they use big data to spy on citizens.  It probably was more sci-fi when this was filmed but now we know the NSA is already doing this to us.  For each episode a narrator came on to explain the TIA to us if the exposition in the show wasn't enough.In general I liked the series.  Good production values and some dramatic scenes but I often lost the plot details if I wasn't paying close attention."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Benedict Cumberbatch seems to be everywhere these days.  The Last Enemy is engaging but, in my opinion, more because of the performances of some in the more minor roles.  Mr. Cumberbatch delivers what is in my opinion, his least impressive performance to date.  He seems to have only one facial expression and even his body movements are ridiculously exaggerated.The story line is a tad implausible but that's OK given that this is intended as dystopian fantasy.  Overwriting and overly emotive performances are the weaknesses here.  Both Cumberbatch and his leading lady spend the entire show either sulking or yelling with pretty much the same pained looks on their faces.This is not PBS' finest moment"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie continues Murphy's niche of kid-friendly movies.  A lot of the scripted humor will make the kids laugh at loud, along with Murphy's ad-libs which are indeed funny.  However, the premise / plot of the movie is very predictable and adults in the room will absolutely groan and roll their eyes (that's what happened at my house).If you're looking for a movie to entertain late elementary / early middle school kids this one will be a winner - adults, not so much."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Jaaman returns in what I consider to be his best yet.  I actually like the story and I thought it was well acted and directed.  This is one beautiful looking film and just as brutal.  Jaa is in top form here as he goes through numerous fighting styles including the use of weapons.  The fight that ends the film is incredible and clocks in at almost ten minutes.  Yes, the ending left you hanging but this is part of a trilogy.  Think of it like the ending to Kill Bill 1 and you'll know what I mean.  It's so good they can call it whatever they want, this is now my favorite Jaa film."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The third season of Californication continues along the same Holden Caufiled-esque journey of Hank Moody, he is still drifting, perpetually drunk and rudderless through one insane situation into the next... This season he falls backward into a job as a college professor after accidentally destroying the hard won sobriety of his predecessor, a far more successful and famous author. His casual attitudes about sex, drugs and relationships are starkly illuminated by disapproving stares of his teenage daughter.  This season features Hank in a romantic triangle with an older woman, a much younger woman and his T.A., all while he continues to try to finally win the heart and mind of his true love Karen. His sad-clown sidekick Charlie Runkle is back and as hilarious as ever, he provides great comic relief for Hanks depravity. Binge watch this!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I find myself cracking up even more than usual.  \"Dean Coontz\" is fantastic as the up-tight dean of the uni Hank is now working at (\"Bueler.. Bueler.. anyone?  Bueler..), and with Hank's wife off in New York for a spell, the college setting provides a pretty good set-up.  Runkle's female agent boss is hilarious (\"You say harassment, I say a couple of big juicy orgasms between friends\"), as is the continuing saga of Runkle's marriage. Rick Springfield is one of his clients (turns out Runkle's girl may be better than Jessie's).The end of this season will be sure to leave you wanting more from the 'rocket man' and company.  This is an addictive show and Season 3 goes out with a bang.  Brilliantly filmed last scene."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series is for those of us that love life and the predicaments that can happen and you get caught at all of the times that you wish, as an observer, would love to either rescue, hide and save the characters from what happens when you are in the wrong place at the wrong time.All of the actors are endearing and acting out their characters at an A+ level.  I have all of the Californication Series and, of course, &#34;the Hankster&#34; stays in situations that make you love him more at every turn.I happen to love David Duchovny and have since I saw the movie &#34;Return to Me.&#34;A gorgeous man, intelligent and entertains at every opportunity that comes his way.Californication is a real mind blower and the observer is caught up in all of the raunchy, sexy and loving moments that have been made and rewarded by their peers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season three...the sizzle season....strippers. faster pussycat...ow!!  going across so many  ethical lines in the student teacher bond.......TA....TNA....RUNKLE....Cathleen turner...Dickie.....Rick Springfield...cocaine and lobsters... does it really get any more surreal than this?  Not really  but the  plot lines  are good still  no jumping of the shark...I like the B listers  that  appear  in the series.  Rick Springfield  is awesome! Cathleen turner's role is perfect...Peter Gallagher as the Dean ...awesome!  This was campy..cheesy good writing. It makes me wonder if these circles do exist....Anyhow I wish  that seasons were available as free  I would liketo really see how they  work it out in NYC...or not!  Collini out !"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Plot summary: Two goa'uld symbiotes take over BW and RCC and force them to create SGU to avenge the defeat the system lords suffered in SG1.  Well, not exactly, but it certainly a plausible explanation to what happened.If you liked SG1 and SGA, chances are you will not like SGU - the creators ( BW and RCC ) tried to do something \"different\" and it backfired.  SGU turned out to be a deficient hybrid of Stargate and Battlestar Galactica.  It had neither portrayal and analysis of social and psychological issues new BSG offered - and even if you disliked it, you have to admit that new BSG was smart and stylish - nor any meaningful Sci-Fi or humor present in SG1/SGA.SGU was a sad sad long dragged out show with sad unlikeable characters, which even the abundance of the gratuitous sex scenes could not save.  But good to know that some viewers liked the series to make it last two seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really like how this story line deviates from the other SG shows.  The other shows condensed a story line into a few minutes of light drama, action, comedy, and always &#34;saved the day&#34; no matter how far gone things were.SGU does not do this!  While there is a plot in each show, there is still the large plot that is &#34;where are we going, and why?&#34;.  The story line is more adult/grown up, and is a more of a mature &#34;soap opera&#34;.To bad the series ended short, due to the reasons I stated.  It lost the key group that kept the other SG series going."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's too bad they didn't take this series further, because it was actually really well done.  It takes a much darker approach than the rest of the Stargate series, which I really liked.  It didn't try to be funny, but instead focused on the classic questions and sense of wonder that make sci-fi great.For those who liked the cheesy jokes and two-dimensional characters of the other Stargate series, this probably isn't for you, which is most likely why it was so short-lived.  For those who tolerated the other series but prefer something with a little more depth and intelligence, then this is the Stargate series for you.I enjoyed the complexity of the characters, who could be both villains and heroes and still maintain the lead roles.  I also enjoyed the constant suspense, sense of exploration, and the quest for ultimate understanding that drove the plot.  I guess when it comes to intelligent sci-fi on TV, getting cancelled is just destiny."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Being a Stargate fan, I was hating that Atlantis and SG-1 were gone but was wiling to give SGU a chance.  The first few episodes were slow and un- Stargate like and looked like the writers and producer were not sure where they wanted the series to go.  Too much of the drama music especially in the beginning of the series but by Season two was beginning to find its legs.  Unfortunately, SCI-FI didnt give it a chance and it wasn't allow to follow through on the promise of what it could have been.  Not as good as the original SG-1 and Atlantis but could have found an audience if only given time to get the story going.  Like all sequels it takes a couple seasons to charm the fans but SGU was only allowed to go to the dance once."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Stargate Universe has a fine cast and fine acting.  The first season portrays the blowup of a planet and the hurried departure of an ancient starship from said planet with scientists and visitors aboard, and the troubles attendant on the Destiny because it has apparently been travelling a long time without any crew and therefore without any maintenance. Various solutions are found but there are also conflicts among the people aboard, since some are scientists, some military and some just folks.  It is a good beginning to the four-season journey.Linda Sheean"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I felt the first season was very dark and all the characters only seemed interested in thier own interest they didn't really care about the rest of the crew only whats in it for them.  The only real exception to that was the kid that solved the game he pretty much started out as a generally good guy that was always trying to look out for everyone's interest; I liked the final season much better as they started to turn this idea around and made everyone more concerned with the group and less concerned with themselfs."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Empires series &#34;Kingdom of David&#34; did a great job at &#34;connecting the dots&#34; by filling in the information explaining how the Jewish people got from the biblical account of their nation to what we see as the practice of Judaism today. People who study the Bible must wonder how the Jews came from the temple service to the present practice of the Synagogue. The series treated this part of Jewish history very well. Rather than taking an &#34;events & dates&#34; approach, the producers blended the historical account with the religious and philosophical development of the Jewish people. I found this a great help in better understanding this fascinating culture."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is definitely an enjoyable series with great writing and good performances. However, I'd like to point out a few things on the down side; 1- the murders are extremely grizzly with lots of blood and mutilated corpses at every episode, which is in sharp contrast to the supposedly peaceful villages where they occurred. 2 - The reasons that caused the villagers to murder others are very trivial and petty most of the time. 3 - The murderers are the most unlikely people; like an 80 years old woman who is a retired school teacher, an angel-faced 14 years old girl etc. people who have lived clean and decent lives in a nice peaceful village suddenly go berserk for some petty reason and start butchering their neighbors.So obviously the writers achieve their goal - it's just about impossible to guess who done it, but it made me feel let down in the end of every episode.Anyway, like I said - it is an enjoyable show never the less, just take off your thinking cap and enjoy the blood fest..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 2 is much better made than its predecessor, season 1. However even though season 1 is not as well-made as season 2, acting and plot is still basically the same. In episode 02 of lizard man a person will die and the actor who played a rescue man will have a wide smile on his face before/ right after proposing that the person is deceased. This season does have repeating monsters, but I think it was still all right. At times when we get to see the monster usually it's done too cheesy and the plot at times is also ridiculous. Like for example in the last episode, in total darkness, in total madness a guy who made hoax, told his friend to get separated to find another person and meet in 20 minutes. Seriously considering what was supposed to be happening no idiot would do that and no smart man alike. Would like to see season 3 and how different it is. No high hopes. The stories are still made out of some facts and lots of imagination."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The historical/cultural research and legends integrated into the plotlines of these episodes is probably what keeps me watching.  The Magnus character and her past-life husband are the most compelling characters; the others seem fairly one-sided caricatures.  The plot is based on a \"sanctuary\" developed to protect and study \"abnormals\"--those creatures with extraordinary powers and curses who could be compromised, exploited by scientists or other abnormals or creatures who pose a threat to the world.  While the premise is interesting, the stories often become sentimental and are verbally relayed rather than revealed through action.  Interesting concept but it needs much more depth, internal conflict, and complications to be compelling for viewers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really am into this show. It is still fun. I can see where it is heading for darker times, but that was obvious with the destruction of seasons ones villan. The cast shifts and characters die off or change. I felt some of it was rushed and not fully explained. But overall a good seasons worth of entertainment and still fun to watch.If you enjoyed the first season you should get in to this season also. I really Enjoy watching Heyerdahl as Druid.He makes every episode this character is in riveting he does a fine job of holding your interest."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had seen several of the later episodes when they aired, but was a bit confused in a few places as to how, when and where. After purchasing Seasons 1 and 2, the blanks are filled in, and while I have found some episodes sort of ordinary, others make it well worth while to watch.The presise isn't new - not matter who or what we are (or look like) we deserve conpassion, but it's taken over the top, and pushes that point. A bit quirky, especially with a reformed Jack the Ripper, and Tesla popping in and, but totally enjoyable.If you like fantasy served up as possiblity, you'll love the series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As I wrote in my review of season one, season two was going to make or break Sanctuary. And it broke.Only watched the DVD set, so perhaps if I had spaced it out a bit, it might not have been so bad. Ms Tapping's acting ability failed to come to work with her, effects didn't improve (in some cases were worse), the werewolf guy is still a miscast (it shows more in this season). And just before I started writing this, I see there's a season three!?! Poor sci-fi/fantasy fans. There's so little really good stuff to watch, that some of us will take anything.No more Sanctuary for me. Ever. No surprise amazon has season two \"on sale\"."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We streamed a few shows of Sanctuary (not the best Internet connection at our house for streaming) and decided to buy the Blu-ray disc set as soon as it came out.We save watching the Sanctuary shows for when nothing else is on; we don't want the shows to end too soon.We are Stargate fans, and we find Sanctuary to be a wonderful option for science fiction.Why would any person complain? There is nothing else worth watching for people who only receive over-the-air television."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Unfortunately, this show is going in the direction of most of the other fare on tv. It is shaping up to be the evil aliens (who really look awful instead of beautiful) against the good guys (FBI agent, priest, etc., as rebels).  The entire show this time advanced that premise rather than developing other aspects.  I wish the aliens weren't so unrelievedly beautiful on the surface and evil underneath too.  It doesn't leave much room for interesting stories other than good guys vs. bad guys.  The only thing I enjoyed this time was looking at the beautiful alien Anna and the neat way she could try on outfits virtually.  I doubt I will watch this next week.  I think I will stick with FlashForward and Fringe as my sci fi of choice this season.  Save your money."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Hearts and Minds\" is a pivotal episode in the series, adding several key elements for future story lines. No spoilers from me, but as the title suggests, the \"Vs\" are working very hard to win the \"Hearts and Minds\" of the humans and seek to capitalize on the activities of the Fifth Column.This episode also shows us a little more of just how inhuman Ana is with the treatment of humans (with on scene that is not for the squeamish) and even her own daughter.Highly recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show had so much promise.  Sure some of the characters were dreadful in dialogue.  Yes, you could tell things were off to a slow start.  But when the V first hit Earth it's all very exciting.  Then the show was thrown into a pile of trash, and is generally not worth watching.  I recommend watching the series until the V introduce themselves on the giant undership screens, then hit your foot with a hammer, and save yourself the time of watching anything further."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The version I saw was not the International Version.  My review is based on that one, which was not outstanding even though the acting was excellent.  The writing and directing were problematic at best.  I suspect the main problem was the radical departure from the history.  It was difficult to integrate the drama fiction into the history and by the end of the movie I felt the direction of the plot had become absurd.  At the same time, the film crew obviously did an outstanding job and the actors were first rate.  As other reviewers have noted, there is no comparison, so go with the International version and skip the one I saw."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved the fact that this movie was 4 hrs long.It's staying on my shelf.The one flaw was the prop wash when the defending navy set off to torch the enemy ships.One would think that as much CGI was in the film, they could have done a quick erase.That being said ...I liked the 3 Kingdoms Chinese history.There wasn't a lot of wire foo which made the film more believable.You were rooting for the good guys in this movie.I have a huge respect for the cast & crew.Could you imagine filming during a monsoon with your set being washed away every few days?Yeah ... watch the specials."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Hao Hao!  This is an exceptionally well-crafted movie, from story line to visual execution, I found myself watching it twice. It is a period piece with large battle scenes and close-up individual fight stunts that are awesome. It is a tale of friends who rise to protect their land and the people who live there. Beautifully choreographed and filmed, you will want to own this one. Others have reviewed with great detail, and I will let their comments stand. The five and four star reviews here are excellent. I am a PRIME customer, so I got to watch this free on AMAZON.COM. For $79 a year, you can save a truck load on shipping costs, get your merchandise quicker, and now you get access to great movies and TV shows, FREE!  I have been a PRIME customer since 2006 and I can tell you it has been worth EVERY CENT!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The film is overwhelming with overkill.  It has everything.  Great stunts, great cinematography, epic (and acrobatic!) battle scenes, more blood than Quentin Tarantino could stomach, some sex, tea ceremonies, Chinese poetry, The Art of War, great acting, great overacting.  Director Woo was out to Wow and he succeeded.  Don't skip the credits.  The cast and crew of this film make the old DeMille &#34;cast of thousands&#34; look sadly understaffed.  If we started making films like this in the USA we could reduce the unemployment rate below 4 percent in no time at all."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you saw CATCH ME AS YOU CAN starring Leo DiCaprio as the king of the white collar criminals, this series, WHITE COLLAR, is loosely based on that premise.  This time, however, everyone is fictional.  The two partners are an FBI agent and the con man in the white collar section.  This is as much breezy comedy as it is crime drama. This episode has the two of them working on an Iraqi stolen artifacts problem.  It is not earth shattering tv but it is good and entertaining.  With some work and in time, it might become even better."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a very entertaining show. Con games are fun to watch, and con men are usually charming, that's how they manage to fool people. But some of us feel uncomfortable cheering for the con men, so in this show the twist is that the con man is recruited by the FBI and is using his skills to assist the law, so we are free to enjoy his tricks.I have to add that Matt Bomer, the handsome gay actor who plays Neal the con man,  is not convincing as a flirtatious straight man. He doesn't seem to have any chemistry with the women he was involved with, flirts with or tries to con. I have seen gay actors play straight men with much more conviction than he does."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Based on its price and existing reviews, I decided to try \"White Collar,\" Season 1 and believe me, it was worth all 1,900+ pennies.  The story revolves around a classy master thief (played by Matt Bomer) who strikes a deal with the FBI agent (played by Tim McKay) who caught him twice, all in order to avoid going back to jail.  The agent works in the FBI's white-collar crime division in New York City and the master thief is there to provide a criminal's perspective to each case.  Catch is that the thief is confined to a two-mile radius by an ankle bracelet and needs to locate his missing girlfriend.  Tiffany Thiessen (of \"90210\" fame) stars as the agent's wife.  Great cast works well together.  Solid, believable scripts kept me interested and jonesing for season 2.  Could be filmed in L.A. for all I know, but looks like NYC to me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Thought this would be a remake of to catch a thief, seems more like Leverage.  A lot of the plot ideas are basically the same.  Do love watching the FBI twist on it though.Ok I will skip the plot lines as usual.What you get is 4 disc's containing 14 episodes and Special Features.  The reason I gave this only 4 stars are the location of the Deleted scenes.  Rather than include them as a selection with each episode they stick them all on disc 4 in a special feature.  So you have to try and remember each episode and then try to figure out what's going on.  They could have done a much better job.Special Features include:Audio Commentary on a few episodes.Pro And Con;A Cool Cat in the Hat;Nothing But the TruthGag Reel;Deleted Scenes;"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am giving this show five stars---I'm actually on the third season and I still love it. You do feel like you are being conned sometimes, because the plots don't work, and they hope you don't notice.  But it is sooooo good otherwise, I have to go with a full five stars.  The characters are rich and believable and adorable. The characterization details in the dialogue are amazing. The con details are interesting.  There's no gross yuk stuff---like dead bodies staring at you.  I hate that! It's really a great show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I started watching this with some concern.  I have seem so many detective type shows and am really sick of them.  But this show is different it has a great cast and the storylines are excellent.  I loved Season One and can't wait for Season two.  If you are not sure about this DVD then I think it is definitely worth purchasing it as you will not regret it.  I know with most shows like this i.e. The Mentalist the storylines are paper thin and you know within minutes who is responsible for the crime.  This is not the case here.  Do yourself a favour and try this DVD."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love the series. It is engaging and a lot of fun. However, the blu-ray edition and my Sony blu-ray player do not get along. I suspect the player is the problem and not this set. Every time I start up the disc, it resets as if I had just placed it into the player and I have to go through all the front matter again. It is irritating because if the blu-ray player is on pause and shuts down for lack of activity, it resets the disc and we have to start over.Aside from that little problem, this is one great series, solving a new case each episode, and yet having an on-going story in the background. All of the performers are top-notch and the stories are all over the map, presenting a new look each story at some form of crime (white color or otherwise). The performances and story excellence carry forward into the following seasons and we are looking forward to the release of the fourth season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This account of her life seems quite sanitized, almost like the Hollywood press releases of old; in the days when the studio painted their 'version' of a star.  There were certainly contradictory remarks made by different 'associates' of Crawford, you were never sure if they were friend or foe.  Certainly interesting stories about her early days in Hollywood, but not a lot about her personal life.  Only one of her children commented on Joan as a mother, and she was one of the twins adopted later than Christina and Christopher.  Did the abuse occur?  I think it did.  I've seen and read the accounts of Crawford 'insiders' who were witnesses to what went on behind closed doors.  So, all in all, I guess this isn't a terrible 'Bio', but I would like to have seen something a little more than a fluff piece, but one that really dug in."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "By no means is this the best documentary on legendary movie actress Joan Crawford it is nevertheless an interesting insight into how Lucille Leseur became Joan Crawford and went from nothing to being the highest-paid actress in Hollywood during the 1930's. With some rare interviews with those who knew her \"Always The Star\" concentrates more on Joan's acting career than her personal life. Having shot over 80 films, numerous television guest-star spots, commercials and winning the coveted Academy Award, Joan Crawford is cemented as one (if not the best) actresses in Hollywood history."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is what happens when a comedian burns out. Dunham's entire thing is his puppets, with which he insults his audience and gets away with it.  On a personal comedy-club level, this is acceptable. Once commercialized with music and fake laugh tracks, this show went to hell. In Dunham's case, since his entire show is based upon puppets, to come up with new material, you have to come up with new puppets. The scenarios that he has come up with...visiting real people and businesses and warping out obnoxiousness for humor's sake...is NOT funny. Let's not forget Dunham is JNew W*rld Ord*r and his denigration of and overt racism for the White Christian and Muslim races is nothing short of criminal! You see what his race of people REALLY thinks about other races on the planet! His stuff is NOT funny and he's reached the end of his rope...perhaps he'll hang himself with it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Sometimes, we all wish we could tie our significant other up and just make them listen. InSerious Moonlight (Widescreen), Meg Ryan acts on that instinct. The result is a pretty good balance of funny and emotional. I wouldn't say this is the funniest movie I've ever seen - not by a long shot - but it is probably one of the funnier romantic comedies. In a genre otherwise filled with dry and cliched films,Serious Moonlightis original and takes surprising turns. Certainly worth checking out if you like romantic comedies."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought this was a great movie with a weak plot (I know that sounds contradictory). The film had  great acting, character development, special effects, etc. - perhaps the best of any Trek film. I loved the way the film tied together the main TOS characters.On the other hand, I thought the plot was a bit too  grandiose - especially for a 2-hour film. I won't reveal any spoilers, but I will say a lot changed in the Star Trek universe - yet, it seemed way too quick. I'm not a Trek purist, but I just felt like the whole \"villain develops planet-destroying technology\" plot has been done a bit too much (e.g., Wrath of Khan, Generations, Insurrection, Nemesis) that the actual storyline seemed mundane. However, the character development and the chance to see Kirk, Spock, and Bones on the big screen more than compensated.Trek purists beware!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't know what to expect with this remake, but I was totally impressed with the feel of it.  The casting was perfect!  The story was \"classic trek\" which should make any fan of the original television series more than pleased.  There were a few odd additions  (like the quirky relationship between Uhura and Spock, the fate of Spock's mother, and the ultimate demise of the Romulan villain) that didn't gel with what I remembered from the original, but hopefully if this remake kick-starts a new resurgence of sequels, these odd additions may evolve and/or be explained in later movies.Overall, this is an awesome remake amidst a dismal gallery of very bad ones in a variety of genres.  They got it so right... thank goodness!  Enjoy and of course, Live Long and Prosper!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I saw this movie 7 times in the theater.  I absolutely loved every second of it and will definitely be purchasing it when it comes out on DVD.  I highly recommend Star Trek to everyone. This movie exceeded all my expectations and more.My favorite characters in the movie are Jim Kirk and Bones. Both of the actors who portrayed said characters did an amazing job and in my opinion made the movie even more amazing. All of the other people in the movie were also very good too.  I especially liked Scotty.  He is a hoot!What are you waiting for?  Go and see the movie!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "How could I best describe D13-U? Not quite easy, despite being an easy viewing. Action-packed, yes. Quite funny at times. An interesting plot dealing with deception and political machinations (one of the few movies with that theme that I could actually understand it pretty well). Pretty well-balanced, at least in my opinion. And, overall, worth checking out.There's not much I could say about it that wouldn't ruin plot points and all, yet I didn't see the first movie, though I did enjoy how this one went.So, the best I could do is a recommendation: if you like fast action, a great-paced movie, a foreign film, numerous twists and deep thought to the twists, and realistic fight scenes, and an eventual cast of eccentric people (including a woman who knows how to fight with her hair as a deadly whip) in the mix and a surprise twist at the end, this could definitely be for you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We enjoyed the first one more, which is funny since we noticed and bought the 1st movie based on our purchase of this one.The problem is they did such a great job with the first one that they needed to reach a bit higher with the second one and didn't achieve this, imo.What I would recommend is owning both & watching them one after the other since Ultimatum immediately takes off from the first one and resumes the story line.As a set, I'm glad I have both as it makes for a complete evening's entertainment.You certainly can't complain about the stunts, they're terrific."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched and read this book (the first of a series) to see if it was too inappropriate for my 13 year old niece.  It is a little more raunchy (especially the book) than I would prefer for a 13 year old.  But I would think a young woman at the end of high school or beginning of college might appreciate this level of teen angst.  The areas where the girls have to deal with heavy kissing and groping are the areas that I felt were a bit too much for my niece.  But it does not overpower the whole book.  I found the book and movie rather funny, and I think I will recommend it for her in a few years."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Curious George has been a classic for years, however, I believe that the Curious George show is better than ever.  There is always a lesson hidden in these adorable episodes.  My son LOVES to watch it, and I am happy to let him watch.  They discuss topics from counting to instruments, colors, nature etc.  The graphics are wonderful and sharp, music is so cute!  I truly find myself singing the opening song with him&#8230;always! It is nice for our children to have shows that are fun, as well as educational."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Curious George is a family-friendly show with great tools for any budding scientist, analyst, or news journalist. What do I mean?Each episode, for example, focuses on George going through a scientific-method-like process to figure out solutions to everyday problems. George's inquisitive nature helps him form hypotheses and experiment to test each hypothesis.George lives with a man with a yellow hat (that's his brand). His character's ok, but GEORGE steals the show. Kids will love the bright colors and uptempo pace of the show. The show has a narrator (who sounds a lot like the man in the yellow hat) who helps guide the viewer through George's actions and thoughts.You can't go wrong with this show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is absolutely hilarious! I can't begin to say how entertaining Archer is to the uninitiated. If you're unfamiliar with the show, it's an animiated comedy about a dysfunctional spy agency in NYC with the mother of the main character running it, with some excellent background characters as well. Every episode is great in its own way and are just as fun upon multiple viewings. There's even some decent continuity between the episodes here and in later seasons. Often times the first season of new shows are good enough to keep you watching but really starts to shine as it progresses, but Archer has been great on many levels since the first ep and is just as good or better than more recent ones. If you're a fan of animated comedy or spy-satire get this and you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series is about missing people.  It is not about solved missing persons cases.  It is typically about people who are still missing.  There are so many missing people--people who just vanish and are never seen again--missing without explanation or reason at all.  I'm glad this series calls attention to their cases.  Having searched for two missing persons myself (Elizabeth Smart and Lori Soares), I understand the frustration of the search.  Fortunately there was resolution in both cases I searched for, but there are so many other cases which are not ever solved.  Shows like this keep them in the limelight."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "How depressing. I'm tired of all these unsolved missing person cases with no resolution. I've seen too many of these sorts of mysteries and want a show about all the people that are found and how the detectives or whoever was involved went about it. The police should bring in a good psychic in some of these seemingly hopeless cases. They might be able to help. I feel terrible for the families and friends who suffer this terrible unsolved loss and it's just too upsetting to watch anymore. My heart goes out to them."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I gave Poirot, series 6, a top rating of 5 stars because David Suchet, as always, is stunningly delightful in the roll. When reading the original books, he is exactly what one envisions Poirot to be, making the films spring to life. And it doesn't hurt that the production company takes such care to make it a period piece, with housing, furnishings, costumes, manners, even idioms of speech, complete to the time frame. May Poirot's &#34;little grey cells&#34; never fail to delight one and all!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Poirot adventures with David Suchet--which began nearly a quarter century ago and just recently concluded--are some of the best classic British mysteries on television. That they were saddled for years with crappy DVD transfers was a shame. But now you can enjoy pristine Blu Rays of the original Super 16 footage; they look fantastic. If you watch your Poirots as much as my wife and I do, you owe it to yourself to pick up the Blu Rays. It's well worth buying the shows a second time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's hard for me to rate this season. Overall it's great, as good as any of them. I do have one problem, which is the episode 'The Case Of The Missing Will'. They did a fine job on the episode, and it was quite entertaining, and yet if I could rate the episodes individually that one would only get one star. Why? For the simple reason that they threw Agatha Christie's story in the trash and wrote their own. The 'Missing Will' of the series has absolutely nothing to do with the original, nothing at all.Other than that I would gladly give this season five stars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 4 is one of the best from start to finish. David Suchet's portrayal brings to life Agatha Christie's Belgian detective; unlike any actor before him. He is to Poirot, what Jeremy Brett was to Sherlock Holmes. These are three of the longer; not to mention some of the best episodes; with \"Death in the Clouds\" and \"One, Two, Buckle My Shoe\" taking top honors. I highly recommend this season to anyone needing a bit intellectual entertainment, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "More terrific mysteries featuring Hercule Poirot (David Suchet), three feature length movies on three disks.  The first concerns a series of murders seemingly unrelated but for the alphabetical order of the victim's names.  Hastings returns from a trip just in time to help his friend solve the case (\"what does a madman look like?\").  My favorite scene shows the two men in Poirot's kitchen washing dishes.The second mystery involves several flights Poirot would rather not take, a blackmailer, and too many suspects with perfect alibis (\"I didn't know she was going to be murdered.\").The third mystery is a heady mixture of confusion when too many seemingly insignificant people are murdered.I can't get enough of these excellent productions.  I feel obligated to watch them all in one sitting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series 4 was the first full season to switch from Agatha Christie's Poirot Short Stories to her Poirot Novels (two had already been produced in 1990), thus creating feature length TV episodes.These had been previously released in various \"Poirot Movie Collections\" using the old 1992 film to video transfers in standard definition. Now ITV, the owner of LWT programs, has gone back to the original camera films to do new Hi-Definition transfers, making the series look fresh and new.The three great two hour episodes here are:31  4-01  05/January/92  \"THE A.B.C. MURDERS\"32  4-02  12/January/92  \"DEATH IN THE CLOUDS\"33  4-03  19/January/92  \"ONE, TWO, BUCKLE MYSHOE\"While these may have been filmed in 16mm, going back to0 the original camera 16mm film elements to create this transfer will always look better than a 1992 standard definition transfer of a 16mm copy made from a 16mm dubbing negative."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I will make this real short and sweet..If you like Agatha Christiyou will love all the Poirot..I do and have watched them manytimes over..they are wonderfully scripted, being TRUE to the bookand David Suchet has captured her character perfectly.All the actors  perfectly cast and the era is historically correct inall aspects..There is a little of something for everyone and it's ashow  you can watch with or by all ages.  So get your popcorn, sit back andenjoy.  This is a class act and consistently so."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the best made television out there. No American made show or series comes close. The dialogue, the sets, the wardrobe, the lighting, locations and cinematography and characters are top of the line. The staging is staggering in the first six seasons; the quality control falls off in some episodes later on. Perhaps because you get used to an exquisite product watching the first six seasons. Agatha Christie would be proud; maybe intimidated by the way her stories have been brought to life.  Every detail is spared no expense and continuity is unmatched. I can watch these over and over in spite of the fact that I know the ending and who the villain is. If you have never see a Poirot episode it&#8217;s well worth your time to watch. John Strickland is an excellent director and Suchet, and cast is top notch. With a cinematographer like Gavin Finney  casting by Susie Parriss, production design by  Jeff Tessler  and kudos to the entire production team, they are one of the best ever assembled."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Any POIROT set is just plain GOOD murder mystery. Agatha Christie suspense perfect. David Suchet acting excellence. Combined they make any British Mystery viewer salivate. Add top guest stars in each, SUBTITLES for the hearing and dialect challenged, and kick in some of the best filmed period mystery ever produced. It's what fans have come to expect with Poirot, Agatha Christie, Masterpiece Mystery, and the untouchable as Hercule Poirot--David Suchet.The Blu-rays and new DVDs are newly remastered and restored to their original U.K. broadcast order. This is wonderful mystery TV, never to get out of date. You WILL love every episode."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this show. It is good in all the ways a series should be. However, it is a set piece and will likely bore the hell out of you if you watch with your i-whatever in your hand. Not for the millennial at heart; it's for the older set, for people who enjoy great acting, writing, directing, cinematography and a continental pace. Nobody is call anyone by a disgusting name, no one is going to make repeated bodily function jokes, and no one is going to insult your intelligence. So if you can stand not having those elements in your face for a change, this series is PERFECT. If you just HAVE to answer that last tweet, you twit,  then skip this one.I love it, I've watched it so much I can repeat the lines; I know what will happen and whodunit, and yet I and totally entertained every time, and I hope you will be too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've said this before elsewhere and I'll gladly say it again here. David Suchet is the ultimate Hercule Poirot. I enjoy this series immensely because the production companies involved in the creation of the programs seem to strive for perfection. The sets, locations and especially the costumes are superb. The episodes have only one weakness that I can see and that is the dialogue. On extremely rare occasions the characters will use an expression such as &#34;excuse me&#34; to indicate a hearing problem. This practice was not used in that time period for that reason. But I'm majoring in the minors here. All the Poirot programs are wonderful and I recommend them to everyone."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Sometimes you rewatch a show you liked when you were a teenager and you question the taste of your younger self. Not so with this show.Watching the show as an adult is a very different experience (I get all the jokes now, for one), and I'm very glad I decided to try it out. &#34;Daria&#34; is just as funny as it was when it was airing, but now it has an added air of nostalgia - the good kind, where you get to relive all the things you loved (and loved to hate) about the 90s in easily digestible 20ish minute chunks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was the final season and a good season it was.  Personalities died and others emerged.  The show started the way it ended, with Tony in therapy (w/Carmella), Meadow, her usual brilliant self, truly growing into daddy's little girl, becoming a lawyer as a result of all the stuff she saw growing up, voicing her very strong beliefs.  Tony Jr., well, he lived up to the potential of uber rich New Jersey kids, dumped  the brown GF and took a BMW and an easy trail to his dreams.  Tony was facing another potential indictment, his solution, take the family to a dinner.In the end you could make him out to be a gangster, or just a guy providing for his family in the best way he knew how."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series in quality was up there among the best in T.V. programs and films made for the big screen.  But there was one thing that I found annoying.  This series must lead the pack in product placements. The view of Kellogg's, Ford, and many other product logos  was thrust into the viewer's face multiple times.  Did this technique make me want to run out and buy the product being pushed?  I think not. I quit watching commercial network television almost five years ago due to the number of commercials per segment, and the number of commercial segments per hour. Although there is really nothing I can do to avoid seeing the placements, I can let the manufacturer know that I find the ads leave me with a negative impression of that product by forcing the ad on me.  Unlike ads in newspapers and magazines I can't just look away and ignore the ad. When possible I purchase an item of similar utility from another seller."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I found this show to be completely captivating.  We all become psychoanalysts watching this, you can't help but pick apart the psychology of the women involved.  One feels horribly sorry for most of these women, who are so insecure and desperate that they go looking for prisoners to marry, only to be horribly taken advantage of, almost every time.  All the excuses they make for themselves and how they're different... how you can't help who you fall in love with (yeah, right!)... fascinating stuff.  I wish there was a season two."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I never saw Parenthood on tv, only picked it up last year on amazon.com. Am thoroughly pleased with the aspect of getting to know the characters in this story line. Not condescending not stuffy not ultra trendy, just a very believable group of relatives sharing the strange twists and turns that life brings them, and how the siblings deal with each other siblings problems. Now I am &#34;hooked&#34; and have seen all the shows that I can see. Have seen many of the actors in other movies, tv sitcoms, etc, and it is refreshing to see all these actors taking on new characters and situations. High caliber all around. If and when (hope so) here is more to see, you know I will be tuned in. Thanks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The talented ensemble cast is essential in keeping the show interesting. The show features the usual hardships of white, middle class life in suburban Berkeley, California. An autistic son, an unplanned pregnancy, divorce, single mother hardship, empty nest divorces. The reason I watch is because I care about the characters. The episodes are poignant and brilliantly acted.The directing and cinematography are very good, particularly for a network television program. The writing is crisp and authentic. Each character has a unique, resounding voice. Flawed and genuine, we keep watching, wishing our family had the kind of resolve the Braverman's have.The abundance of characters allows a smooth shifting between each life, allowing more realistic events to provide entertainment, drama and comedy. Single subject sitcoms, tend to require increasing melodrama to retain viewers. Not so with Parenthood. I can't stop watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this show. It's raw and it's real. The acting is pure artistry. The show reminds me of how my family use to be when our matriarch was alive and we were a close nit group. The love and loyalty these characters have for one another is incomparable. Refreshing is the season ended beautifully and I am left wanting more of The Braverman clan. Anyone looking for a show that is intelligent, classy , and ripe with adult situation while still being something you can watch while the kids are awake then this is it. And if you come from a big family your going to relate no matter what walk of life you come from. They don't get much better than this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thoroughly enjoyed this show.  Enjoyed the Braverman family.  A must to see.I saw all 4 seasons and hope there will be a Season 5.  Season 4 was a tear jerker, but so real and the acting was excellent.  I am going to watch it again....you just fall in love with the Braverman family.  They are a close knit family even though every family member have issues....loved the tv show.  Hope it will return with a season 5.  Fell in love with Max, and loved Kristina, Crosby and Jasmine, Adam is great, all the actors and in their roles was simply wonderful....."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I purchased this after watching a couple of episodes on Television thinking that it might just be OK to watch during the Summer months when nothing much is on (Australian Summer).  What a surprise I received - this is an excellent programme - better than most.  The casting is right on the money.  The storylines while being real and honest still manage to include humour.  The only thing wrong with this series is that there are only thirteen episodes.  I will be counting down the days until the next series is released and I am hoping that the show is extended to twenty two episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There is no mystery in this movie what so ever; there are no ghosts; there is nothing supernatural. Just ignorance. Everyone has lost someone that they love but to randomly toss in a couple of fakey slightly scarred head shots in spots that make no sense (e.g. in the car seat next to you; under some stuff in a room) or a couple of brief ghostly apparition scenes lasting a few seconds that do nothing - please! That any of these mysteries are part of illusionary compensation for losing someone is beyond belief. Also, to intermingle and confuse the one story line with another with an artificial good guy - bad guy - cute girl love triangle seems to be added to appease a certain viewing demographic but has no other function in this supposedly \"spine-tinglingly\" supernatural thriller.Finally, what does an eclipse have to do with the fundamental plot/story of the movie?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Thanks to Amazon Prime, we watch many films.  Some of them are quite forgettable.  This one was not.We are interested in films purely as entertainment.  The acting talents of Ciar&aacute;n Hinds made this film special.  We are less impressed with Aidan Quinn, but perhaps that came from the sleazy character he played so well. How is it that we had not zeroed in on Hinds years ago?  His name was barely known to us before The Eclipse, and we are not sure how we failed to notice his portrayal of Dumbledore's brother in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.  We'll even pull Jane Eyre out and watch that one again, now that we know who played Rochester.In this film, my wife and I &#34;discovered&#34; Ciar&aacute;n Hinds, quite belatedly.As the film itself, I am one of those people who want a clearly defined ending or at least a strong implication that one is imminent.  Perhaps I would have changed the d&eacute;nouement just a bit."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This film is an odd amalgam of two people, a teacher who recently lost his wife and a successful writer of supernatural stories, falling in love amidst a background of dead or soon-to-be-dead people and ghosts.  I especially loved the background piano music which created a kind of  mood of living as best you can with the knowledge that death is inevitable for all of us.  Aidan Quinn plays a boorish married suitor of Lena, the writer, and provides a counterbalance to the quiet, dignified Michael, who's just trying to raise his two children and look after his ailing, depressed father-in-law. The Irish town where this was filmed was quite lovely and added to the somber mood. It was a ghost story without all the usual cheap tricks.  I liked it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was able to catch a sneak peak of this on HDNET before it was released in theaters. I think the reason this film wasn't received well it that they marketed it as a horror movie.....which it is not! The film it about loss and coping with that loss and in the area of showing different types of grieving I do think this film succeeds. The acting is very good and I for one like the marriage here of drama and a little horror. I can say this much, this film has some good scares and they come because the film isn't focused on \"the ghost\". It's not a perfect film, but I think this one hasn't gotten the credit it deserves."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I purchased the Go, Diego, Go! series for my granddaughter!  She watches it on our Kindle, and is very interactive with the stories.  As a toddler, she learns  problem solving skills, names of many animals, compassion for them as well.  She simply enjoys the music, action, and the vivid colors.  Go, Diego Go! is not only entertainment for your little ones, it's a learning process as well.  I would recommend it to all parents, grandparents who are looking for something special for their children! A thumbs up!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Little Bill is a wonderful show for learning about life, in general, from a young child's perspective.  Having a 3-generational family makes the show very interesting, but the bigger attraction is that the show addresses a 'cross-section' of the U.S./or the world.  The children and families are of varying ethnic backgrounds...something most U.S. based shows lack altogether.  It is culturally sensitive and doesn't dwell upon children who have an 'abundance.'  It is creative, easy to understand and fun.  And absolutely no violence...quite true to Bill Cosby style.  I would recommend this to any child of any background anwhere!  I wish Amazon would offer the entire series, it would be a great thing option for families such as mine that are in search of these kinds of shows for our little ones."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Wonderful stories from a child's perspective. I like how Little Bill has supportive relationships with children and adults. Little Bill has a good friend who happens to have Cerebral Palsy and is wheelchair bound. The stories deal openly and compassionately with common issues that arise around those with special needs (helping vs. making someone feel babied). Adults (teacher, parents, grandparents) are depicted as helpful and wise allies. There are episodes that show sibling rivalry, competitiveness, and ways they resolve hurt feelings. The voice of Little Bill does remind me of Bill Cosby's standup and mention of his own childhood."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Very well-done epic portraying a period during the Ching dynasty. Jet Li did an excellent job in this gritty, dark film. this film concerned itself with brotherhood and love during the wars, and although I would rather have seen a more historic piece, the directors did use some of the historical facts in this movie. It was definitely worth the watch as it really tells a tale that sucks you in. 4 stars simply because brotherhood and love were more important to the story than the actual historical reasons behind the events of the period. This is an excellent film, however, and like so many Occidental movies that include some 'unsolved historical mystery', this one at least attempts to give an answer to the question. All in all, I would watch it again, and will recommend others watch it too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Warlords is an amazing film. The story is filled with epic war scenes and dramatic scenes of betrayal, especially towards the magnificent ending. Also, the whole film is shot beautifully. The music is epic and matches the film. Jet Li does a wonderful job and so does the rest of the cast. Everything about this film is powerful and holds a strong message. Sadly, the 1hr 50min Magnet version is the cut version, which is the one I saw. Yet, it was still a stunning movie. I look forward to watching the full version, though.The Warlords has violent war scenes throughout, with blood and gore. There is no notable nudity or sex. Warlords is a must-watch movie and I highly recommend it. (available on Netflix Streaming as of 6/22/12 if you're still unsure and want to save some money)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I got a kick out of it. The cocky astronaut, the 50's space alien setup, and the humour. It isn't on a par with some of the other animation movies out there, but it is nowhere near being really bad. I was somewhat shocked at the people who hated it, but then there is no accounting for tastes. Cute, non-offensive, but still gently skewers the 'you are different from me' mentality. Overall, a solid 4 for animation quality, gentle skewers, and amenability."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Awesome show, but does it bother anybody else that most historical shows always have Brits and their accents? Come on, I'd like to see more Americans in shows that are taped, produced and marketed here, call it a plea for the actors I know here. In reality if America is the modern likeness of Rome then it makes much more sense as well. I wonder what the Romans would sound like? Maybe Italian/Greek accent seems feasible. Anyways it's a good show, I just get sick of the whole British thing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Because I like both history and historical fiction, I opted to watch this video and I'm very glad I did. Sometimes there was too much violence and sex, but history tells us that those were the two chief components of the Roman Empire. The BBC did an excellent job of presenting the positive side of Roman life as well--architecture, art, public works. The thought went through my mind: it's better to read it than live it. Then came the news broadcasts on TV and I'm wondering just how close we are to actually living it in 2014. Rather scary thought."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Very interesting concept, except it's almost Game of Thrones set in reality as opposed to fantasy. And really, if the sex/nudity weren't so prominent, I'd be more interested. I think you can make it obvious what's going on without graphic demonstration. Felt the same with The Tudors, Borgias, etc. I guess I'm feeling just change the names of the characters and the setting, just keep the same plot lines throughout all these shows. But it is a good show, I've just seen it before with different names and costumes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I think it was two years ago when I still had cable and HBO had one of their Free Sneak Weekends when I came across Rome.  I don't remember what season it was showing, but in the three or four episodes I watched I found it to be quite entertaining, even though somewhat lost with the story line and actors at this point, but still entertaining.  And now that Rome is available to Prime Members via Amazon, I'm looking forward to watching this series from the beginning.  I enjoy watching programs/movies/documentaries dealing with ancient history, especially the Romans and Greeks, Aztecs, Incas, and most of the others, especially if they're done well.  Refreshing to see how our ancestors lived without technology.  Most of these I watch strictly for sheer entertainment, and Rome, to me, is very entertaining..........so far.  Thanks Amazon!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "HBO and the BBC have really outdone themselves with this first season. A brilliant action-packed and highly  emotionally charged violent series doesn't just tell the story of the rise to power and death of Caesar, but portrays the most violent ancient Roman world, where we of today forget just how cheap life was back then. You see for yourself through the eyes of two centurions, who get wrapped up in the intrigue and as mere pawns tragically manipulated and toyed with by all levels of society.Joe Wocoski, Author"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Early Roman history has never interested me much, but this series is so well done that I found myself entranced and inspired to find out what was truth and what of it was pure fiction!  Anything that can wisk you back in time, capitvate your whole mind space so that finishing the story is almost an obsession and inspire you to desire to know even more is undoubtably a triumph!  There are moments of....well, extremely adult content to put it delicately....that would or at least might not set well with parents of young impressionable children, but otherwise, this is historical fiction of the highest quality!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is not the Rome of your childhood education or the Rome of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. This is the story of a comparative Rome from both ends of the social spectrum; Julius Caesar as he rises to dictator and defeats Pompeii miserably, graphically and definitely vindictively. Mark Antony rises to power as well, the spoiled underling of Caesar whose desire for power in every form is graphic throughout the first season. In contrast, the life of a simple soldier, Lucius Verena and his sidekick Titus Pullo live complicated lives in Rome as they try to return to civilian life after the Gallic Wars. Quite a bit of nudity in this series, violence and total depravity which, of course, all conspired to destroy Rome. Extremely in-your-face series but I found it intriguing and compelling."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is probably one of the greatest TV series ever made.  It lasted only two years but will be remembered far longer.  The first season covers the period of Ancient Rome from the split between Caesar and Pompey to the murder of Caesar on the senate floor.  The writing and acting is superb and was well thought out.  The creators learned about Roman History and paid attention to fact.  In addition they added two wonderful fictional characters based on real people who are barely known who bumble through the time period experiencing history first hand.  Attia is another character whom history has told us little about and she is fleshed out in the same way.  The fiction and fact meld into a facinating mix of storytelling.  I highly recommend this TV series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "HBO'S ORIGINAL AND AWESOME FIRST SEASON OF ROME IS A STYLISTICALLY AWESOME SPECTACULAR SERIES.EACH AND EVERY EPISODE HOLDS EVERYTHING FROM INTRIGUE TO ENGAGING ACTION AND ADVENTURE ALONG WITH MEMORABLE CHARACTERS THAT GO FROM ALL-TIME HIGHS TO ALL-TIME LOWS. SOMETIMES BRUTAL AND GORY, THEN BEAUTIFUL AND TOUCHING, ROME STANDS ALONE AMONG HBO'S NUMEROUS AND SOLID SERIES. AS SOPRANO'S WANES, ROME GROWS IN STENGTH AND INTENSITY.HAVING JUST WATCHED THE FIRST 3 EPISODES OF SEASON 2 - WHICH IS JUST GETTING BETTER AND BETTER - I HAD TO PURCHASE SEASON 1.IF YOU HAVEN'T WATCHED OR BOUGHT THIS AMAZING SERIES, THEN YOU ABSOLUTELY MUST. BELIEVE ME, YOU WON'T BE SORRY."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Rome\" is my personal favorite miniseries ever.  It has a gritty authenticity that transports the viewer to the Rome of Julius Caesar's time.  The acting is first rate, the storylines are terrific, there is very little not to like about this miniseries.  My favorite aspect of this series is the friendship that develops between Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo (Kevin McKidd and Ray Stevenson).  The character study of the differences between these two men is really fascinating.\"The Stolen Eagle\" is the first episode of the miniseries and one of the best.  Julius Caesar concludes his war in Gaul and must now confront the Senate over his future.  Well, we all know what happens next, but this episode and series make it suspenseful nontheless.Highly recommended.  RJB."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love everything about this season of Rome1  The introductory scenes of Rome and the catchy music begin the seduction. They photography is beautiful.  OMG the story line is at once familiar but new.  The characters are completely fascinating.  The story takes place as the Roman Empire begins to breakdown due to power struggles, civil war, etc.  The shows the aristocrates and the common people as they live through, react to, and adjust to the rapidly changing political climate.  Fascinating!!!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love Rome. If you are looking for something enjoyable, historical and very close to real life, this is the video for you. I have read various stories on Rome and Cleopatra. The only thing I didn't like is their portrayal of Cleopatra. But, most of it is not about Cleopatra it really is a about Rome. I do feel their portrayal of various characters such as Cesar and other well know people of Rome is pretty close to how they are portrayed in historical books. They did pick good actors to portray these various characters. They portrayed each character like you would imagine they looked. Sometimes I felt I was there and couldn't wait to see what would happen next. Buy it you will not be dissapointed!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a very graphic story line that viewers should watch but be aware that there is lots of sexual and violence related graphics. It is however, very well done relating the story line without taking too much time in unnecessary (but there is some) sex scenes. Otherwise the graphic nature of the violence is the only other aspect to be aware of as it is not a normal t.v. show that holds back at some level. This show shows it all.... almost.That said, it is well done and worthy of watching all the same -- just go into it knowing that it will not hold anything back"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season is really underrated in my opinion.  It has some of my favirote episodes in it like the three part Coon and Friends episode.  The commentary is also great, because Matt and Trey finally explain more about Kenny's awareness of his deaths and immortality.  I just love the whole comic book vibe of these three episodes and how all the kids have their own super hero persona. This blu-ray has some funny deleted scenes too and a bonus episode of the original Coon episode. If you're a South Park fan then this is a must have for your collection."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Episodes include one on sex addiction, the boys writing dirty books interpreted by 'sophisticates' as having deep meanings, and Tom Cruise flying into a snit over being called a 'fudge packer' while working in a factory packing fudge. The supposed 'highlight' involves a continuation of the Cruise theme involving other movie stars - all attempting to obtain Mohammad's supposed immunity from criticism. The sequel is lame, and heavily censored for obvious potential terrorism reasons. (It's a shame Comedy Central felt the need to censor that episode, but understandable given the times we live in.) Regardless, in the middle of the latter we also learn that Cartman's dad was a Denver Bronco."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was probably the best season so far. Luckily I saw 200 & 201 when they were aired on TV (censored of course) but the fact that they are censored on DVD is complete BULL****!!!! I can't believe that Comedy Central released this DVD and still censored it.Usually I buy the seasons so I can watch them without commercials and UNCENSORED but I'm content with watching this season online for FREE. I returned this DVD to the store the next day. Comedy Central doesn't need my money anymore."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Victorious is a probably the best show out there the entire family can watch; this show is enjoyed by all of the kids in my neighborhood through high school and, as an adult, I enjoy watching it with my kids.  The jokes are pretty funny and what I really like the most as a parent is the show doesn't cross the line like a lot of children-focused shows seem to do with being a tad risqu&eacute;.  The singing is excellent!We have watched all of the episodes of this season for free via our Prime membership vs. the regular price of $29.99 for the whole season: not a bad deal!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought this movie was pretty good.  You really cant go wrong with inbreed cannibal zombies.  It is hard to wreck the story if you are using them.  That being said, there are things in this movie that are more disgusting then the zombies being shot and people being eaten.  I am talking about people making lemonade and stirring the stuff with their hands.  I mean seriously, when you watch it and you will you will wonder the same thing.  It was actually more disturbing then the zombies eating people and zombies being shot.  It actually made me a little sick!  Regardless, good movie, decent acting, decent camera shots.  All in all a pretty solid 3.  Lots of cgi but it wasnt horrible."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't know if it was the movie, the lack of hysterical commentary or just me, but this wasn't one of KST3K's best efforts.  Outside of Forest Tucker jokes (which are always worth a laugh) there wasn't enough bad material to keep the show going.  Took me 3 sessions to finish it all off, at which point I was happy to see it over as opposed to wishing it would keep on going.But, as they say, even a bad MST3K is better than a good day at work."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "ZOMBIE NIGHTMARE is yet one more example of cinematic agony. So horribly made, so terribly written, soooo dire all around! Plot: A group of juvenile delinquents, led by an insufferably annoying Leif Garret clone, run over a muscle-bound Eddie Van Halen double w/ their van. No problem! A local voodoo practitioner raises him from the dead, sending him on the universe's most hideously dull rampage of vengeful slaughter. Yep, this is a gift from the ultra-schlock gods! Mike and the bots have their fun, making the best of this otherwise abysmal disaster. This is one video so toxic, that it's best left to the professionals! It's up there w/ GIANT SPIDER INVASION on the biohazard scale! Though one could attempt to watch the non-MST3K version, it's really not worth the risk... P.S.- Watch for Adam \"Batman\" West in perhaps his most bombastic role... As a cop!... W/ a moustache!..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "From the bleak, broken world with its tiny personal living spaces and small pleasures, to the twisted plot that our character finds himself drawn into, this little gem is well worth your time. The animation is as strange and intriguing as the picture on the front, with realistic over-sized faces attached to inadequate bodies. The main character's deadpan acting adds a sublime sense of resignation to this futuristic view of life under corporate control. How interesting that this viewing coincides with the corporate destruction taking place off the coast of my state in the Gulf of Mexico. Seeing the power of a huge corporation first hand makes Metropia seem all the more possible."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A gray and dystopic future, evil megacorp taking over the world and the people in it - OK, that part's been done. 'Metropia' stands out for doing it brilliantly. It's a lot more than that, though.Animation has explored the super-realistic, with just enough success that the discrepancies become especially jarring. This goes farther, well into the surreal. That allows for exaggerations of faces and figures, wide-eyed blankness and evil scowls that wouldn't be phyiscally possible for human actors. And, despite great advances in computer-aided post-production, animators can build their worlds from the ground up in the image they want, with no need to retrofit them into scraps of reality. This movie really does use animation in a novel and very distinctive way.Very enjoyable in many ways. Certainly not one for the kiddies, it scarcely qualifies as as \"adult\" movie - but body-shy viewers might have trouble with brief- and semi-nudity.-- wiredweird"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As a Jew I was shocked by the bigotry of this piece of trash.  It's been a long time since I've seen such crude stereotyping of us.  This is not a well-written finely observed comedy.  The anti-semitism isn't strident, but couched in a series of lame jokes.  At one point of emotional breakthrough, the muslim main character purposefully punches out a rabbi while he is praying.  It's hard to imagine that Muslims would be happy with this either, as the main character is certainly made out to be woefully uneducated about other faiths.  What a piece of dreck.  (Look it up in an Yiddish dictionary!)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Just, how screwed up can one family be?  This documentary seems to portray a fictional family, that is routinely involved with every degrading, unscrupulous, vindictive, vile, inhumane and disgusting trait that anyone can possess - but it's real!  You can't call this extended family &#34;the other half&#34; because &#34;the other half&#34; could never conceive of a lifestyle that barely hangs onto the threads of our collective humanity.  The Whites are, however, such an interesting and unusual mix that I was entertained, beyond belief.  I'm not particularly a Johnny Knoxville (Jackass Movies) fan but this documentary certainly kept my attention."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It was entertaining, and yes having lived in Southern Ohio for a while after moving their from a city out west, yes there are people like this everywhere in the country.  These people are horrid, but their story is interesting.  It is a depiction of poverty, and people living in coal country that live off the government SSI systems due to their mental illness.  They are crazy, take drugs, their children are hooligans, some are in jail/prison.  You just can't look away from this train wreck.  It reminded me of the show Justified, but this is reality for these people."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best Dr. Who episode ever, and the saddest. I hate to see Davd Tennant leave. A great actor, who brought a much needed emotional depth to the Doctor. With David Tennant's Doctor, you could see the Joy, Agony, sadness, anger, and sometimes the helplessness of the Doctor. The new Doctor is okay, but lacks that emotional connection, and he is a little too nerdy but not as much as the 7th Doctor. I do wish the producers had explained who the time lord women was to the Doctor?  I know some people did not like how David Tennant Doctor said \"I'am Sorry\" to those he could not help, but I think that just showed his humanity, what was he suppose to say \"Oh well, just your luck\". I for one liked his emotional attachmet."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I wish I understood why the Doctor needs to regenerate as often as he does. David Tennant, to me at least, is the best of all the Doctors. These specials are a joy to watch. The stories are interesting and the characters can hold one's attention. I miss this incarnation of the Doctor and hope he is still out there in this or some alternate universe battling Daleks, Cybermen, Weeping Angels and all the rest. Fortunately, this Doctor makes house calls. Once he does, you'll feel a lot better. Make an appointment and have him over. You won't regret it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An Irish fisherman played by Colin Farrell hauls up an interesting prize in his trawler net. It is a beautiful creature named Ondine (Alicja Bachleda) Ondine means from the sea. She seems a little awkward of the world.  So when the fisherman tells his daughter (Alison Barry) the tale she knows he found a selkie, a mythical sea creature with powers and abilities. The fisher man is starting to see things through his daughter's eyes and so are we. Will the selkie stay for the allotted seven years or be carried away by her sea husband? Let's hope everything turns out all right as in a fairytale.The highlight of the film for me is the encounters of the fisherman Syracuse and the local priest played by Stephen Rea."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This film caught my eye when I was browsing my local Redbox for film choices. After reading the summary, I decided to rent it. It started off promising, with a interesting if a bit slow-paced story. I was enjoying it, and the leading actor and actress did great jobs in their roles. Both of them are very pleasing on the eyes. Yummy.But near the end of the movie, Ondine's secret is revealed, and it is a big letdown. I liked this movie better when it had a feeling of magic to it, and the truth just feels like a cheap cop-out, especially with the neatly-wrapped up ending. If you're a big fan of these actors, you might like this movie just to watch them act, just don't expect too much from the story itself."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My daughter, now five, loved watching Yo Gabba Gabba from right around the time she turned two years old. Now our son is two and has just discovered YGG for himself. He loves it! Both kids enjoy the music, color, and the dancing. They never sit still for long when YGG is on. They immediately jump up and start dancing and singing along. This show is a little out there with the costumed characters and DJ Lance but reminds me a lot of &#34;Zoobilee Zoo&#34; on PBS when I was a kid so I get nostalgic watching YGG with my kids. We're big fans of the show. Hopefully more seasons will become available on Amazon Prime soon but, in the meantime, my kids are perfectly happy to watch the same episodes over and over again!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My daughter found Yo Gabba Gabba several years ago and I let her watch a few episodes but then stopped because it jumps around visually too often and is not good for kids under three or four.I let her watch them now that she is 4.  She loves music and there is a lot of that.  The characters are entertaining and colorful, the lessons are good life lessons, and the show is usually upbeat.  I especially like the &#34;Party in the Tummy&#34; song and use it to get my kid to eat things she would rather leave on the plate.  I also like the &#34;germs&#34; song but I can't remember if that is in the first season or later.Fun show but the first season might be seizure inducing in very sensitive kids, they toned it down in subsequent seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My grandkids ask for this frequently altho I do not provide much in the way of TV watching. There is a positive message, no guns or violence or themes that are not age appropriate. The characters look after each other and encourage development of empathy. Still, the dancing around is really silly (from an adult stand point) and somewhat constant. Also, the guy with one huge eye creeps me out but kids don't seem to mind him at all. All in all, good for some down time when needed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The final season (YES...ONLY 3!!! WAKE UP BBC!) is fantastic. While we never actually find out what happened on the now infamous fishing trip, we still feel like we are in a good place with all concerned. If this show does get legs in its American version, I do hope Ruth Jones takes a very active hand and perhaps allows us to learn more about Nessa. She is the lynch pin of the show. You never know what will come out of her mouth and G & S fans were treated to some cameos that perhaps American viewers might not have picked up on. Again, it will be fun to see how it pulls off in the States if it ever gets off the ground."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Always on the lookout for quality children's programming for our family, my wife and I fell in love with this show.  I think I like watching it even more than the kids.  We typically stick with educational shows, which I do not believe this would fall into, but consider this to be a quality show.In addition to its innocence, this show is full of great songs and really encourages imagination.  It is very well thought out, with sub plots of each episode neatly relating to one another and all tying together.This is GREAT stuff!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Kids love the characters, storyline, and the music. I, the adult, totally love the music!! I'm surprised the kids dance to the music because they are a pop/hip pop generation. The music is often jazzy, or blues its so cool. This is a really nice series, no hitting or bad words-important-toddlers reinact or copy everything. Certain shows I can't let them watch because they really model bad behavior, I don't have to worry about this with the Backyardigans. All the characters are equal, looks and gender are not an issue in this forward thinking show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"My Sara Jane\" when the Doctor spoke those words, I wanted to echo them. Sara Jane was my companion to the Doctor's of my youth. Not only did I get to see Sara Jane again but also K-9, along with the the best doctor of all time. But this episode was so sad in how the Doctor explained leaving Companions behind \" You can live your whole life with me, but I can't live my whole life with you\" And for the Doctor, who has seen his world, his family and his friends all parish, seeing his special companions die is just too much to bear. I sometimes wonder how he continues to go on? I was very happy to see Miss Sladen in several more episodes of the Doctor and to see Doctor's 10 and 11 do cross over episodes with her on her show. But now that the Great Lady has died, I will truly miss her."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have no idea, but they did it! David Tennant is BRILLIANT! He may not be the best-looking actor in the world (so say many of my teen and twenties friends), but his talent and the character of the Doctor make him the sexiest! I think he's gorgeous! His interaction with Billie Piper is breathtaking and even though I despise chick-flicks and romance type stories, I think the love story between the Doctor and Rose is the most emotion-grabbing I have ever experienced. I hate to admit it, but I cried... more than once! and so did my hubby, and all our college aged friends!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "*SPOILERS!*This is my favorite Doctor Who season and the chemistry between the tenth Doctor (David Tennant) and Rose Tyler (played by Billie Piper) is outstanding.  I love watching them sing the theme to Ghostbusters, laugh together, and when Rose is possessed during a trip to the hospital, watching her throw herself at the Doctor for a kiss and he seems completely startled but as she walks off he mumbles  \"Yep, still got it.\"  XD  David/Billie - you guys are awesome!Season 2 is a must for Doctor Who fans."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am an old fan of the original series that first started watching in the mid to late 70's in the USA. I was heartbroken when the Doctor Who series was taken off the air for good back in the late 80's. My  children were starting to grow up with it by then. I was never able to see the Movie made in the 90's to bring it back but . . . have not been at all disappointed by this re-introductions to the series. The second session is just as much a hit as the first with me. A new Doctor with a new persona but with all the &#34;old&#34; to go with it. Whether this is the first time you have watched Doctor Who or you are an old fan like me, you will be swept away by the &#34;Mad Man in the Blue Box.&#34;"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There are three different versions of the song. The game itself keeps her occupied as everything she clicks on does something! There is an airplane that flies around the room, a telephone that rings and is plays a message, the lamp turns off the light and you see the monkeys eyes going up and down in the dark, a dog that barks when you click the window and then chases a cat out from under the bed every third time, the picture on the wall becomes an interactive portrait, the traffic light stops/starts the monkeys jumping, alarm clock rings, plant grows (and produces bananas), ball bounces, toy truck rumbles and honks.... lots to keep a toddler occupied! Oh! The monkeys jump on and fall off the bed! Mama calls the doctor, etc! It's great."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "does not let you sample only for a sec. if you download  it to computer it talk your music you have try to sell it back to too. if you join with a membership and if you don't pay they  sell your music on your computer . how when you combine your to there player . i know cause the did it to me had rhapsody a long time unit  it happen i close the account . don't mine paying. but not for music i have  before that . had the old look . at the time now it worse"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been a subscriber to Rhapsody for more than 5 years.  The selection of music in the genres that I like to choose from is adequate...nothing great!!!  I only stay with them because I need to update the license every 30 days or so in order to listen to the music I have downloaded to my MP3 player.  But I am giving serious consideration to going to an alternative music source.  Reason you asked...the software is very &#34;unstable&#34; in my opinion.  It frequently locks up at the most inopportune times.  Obviously, this requires restarting the software program and reloading what I had already begun.  It happens so often, that it has become a pain in the backside.At this point, I would not be strongly recommending Rhapsody to others."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is great!  It has a daily verse, a daily reading plan and then a whole list of daily devotionals, both audio and written.  I usually check out the Our Daily Bread audio podcast from here instead of going to odb.org and read My Utmost for His Highest (no longer available! :-( But still appears in list for some reason).  There is also a place to seach the bible by verse or keyword.  Many of the popular versions are available including NIV, NKJV and NASB.  Is exactly what is says... a Daily Bible!  Thanks for this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The daily Bible by joansoft is hands down the best daily Bible app on the market, ANY market. I love the fact that it is extremely easy to use. My favorite feature is the share feature allowing the user to quickly and easily share the verse of the day to any social networking site. There is quick and easy links to a whole plethora of daily devotionals helping the user to develop their walk with God on a daily basis. I love this app and I have had MANY Bible apps but none can compare to what this one offers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "ok I don't have this version of the Bible app. I have the you version but anyway I read the reviews and am totally shocked!! do some people really not know what the Bible is and think its fiction!!! I am totally blown away by this. God is very real and he is our savior he also gave us free will. so you are free to choose your path and what you believe. however he loves us all anyway and should you ever come to God he will welcome you with open arms. God bless"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works for the most part if you're reading, but I like to listen to the Bible while driving.  It's nice that it even has audio because none of the other free bible apps I know of offer that.  My only beef is that sometimes the audio works, and sometimes it doesn't.  I guess it's not the app's fault.  Probably has something to do with the Sprint cellular network I'm on.  I would have preferred to have an option to save the files on my phone as opposed to getting them off the web every time I open it.  That way I'd have instant access to it.  I gave three stars however because despite its problems, the price is right."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "unfortunately this is one of those games that was &quot;good&quot; on blackberrys because the java based crapOS ment this.game was top of the line. coming to android will be a.different story, but the game it self was fun when I played it on the storm. The closest thing I can compare it too is Bloon TD 1or2. luckly 4 is on one or more android stores. Would recomend spending 1$ on that over this anyday. To all BB devs... either step up your game or go down with the dieing BB ship."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Those of you who like tower defense games are likely to enjoy games where creeps get progressively stronger, and towers that are adaptable, upgradeable and offer a variety of armaments. This app doesn't offer much - it is a clunky game that lacks finesse, especially in level and unit design.The most frustrating part is that the towers are slow. They fire a single shot, and then take forever to reload. And thats plenty of time for a herd of bubbles to go whizzing by. Not much of a defense. It takes a while to figure out that you need to build and upgrade power stations to recharge your towers so they can fire more than once. The instructions aren't too helpful, either. The touchscreen is also laggy at times, which adds to the frustration.It might be easier to just include a button that lets you wave a white flag and surrender, rather than wait patiently for inevitable annihilation.There are many better TD games out there. This one is mediocre, at best."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Honestly, what the hell is wrong with people today? The instructions about the power sources is *PERFECTLY* clear. Just because the bulk of the one star reviewers are brainless mouthbreathers, who are incapable of comprehending basic English, doesn't mean this is a horrible game.Idiots aside, this is actually a fun little game and, IMHO, a nice variation of your typical tower defence game. The controls aren't perfect though. Placing the towers can be a little cumbersome in terms of fine tuning the location in a hurry. So meaning that after doing the initial click-to-place the &quot;dragging&quot; for fine tuning is very slow. ESC = 'back arrow'.Game plays just fine on my rooted / rom'd Charge."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I never read game  tutorials, but maybe should have with this one.  It took me a while to realize that the easiest way to build new towers is NOT to drag them, but click the tower you want to build and then click the place on the map you want to build it.  The game itself gives you strategy tips for the game in general during the 1st level.  The only other thing you need is your brain, and it's a decent tower defense game.  The only thing that could be improved is the graphics, and a forced tutorial level that makes you place certain towers and explains what they do."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Standard TD game, set your various type of towers, be sure to set-up power stations to keep your towers firing and as you accumulate money you can upgrade or sell and change your towers. Different type towers are needed for different types of baloons traveling the course. Bright colorful graphics show up well on Kindle Fire. There are a dozen or more layouts and about 5 difficulty levels so lots of replay value although I feel the regular price a bit high, in other words I probably wouldn't have paid the price but it's definitely a good app as the free app of the day. Thank you Amazon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is fine, eve if the graphics aren't great. I started the game read the directions and played just like any other game. The tower don't just shoot once, they start slow and progress as you play.I hate that the dev is getting slammed with lies but the one star reviews are not true, read the directions and the game plays fine. Amazon has been completly run over with trolls and you people wonder why the apps are mostly low quality.the price is way too high, but the game is fine. Too bad this dev has already been destroyed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For everyone saying the towers only fire once, you need to learn how the game works. One of the first things the game tells you is that you need a power station. That is a poor concept, and without the power station your towers only fire once. The power station &quot;recharges&quot; your towers, but can't handle a lot of them unless you upgrade the station. I gave it a one star for no sound, poor instructions, no real options menu, the use of a &quot;power station&quot; that costs a much as a basic tower and is required, and really for just being a bad game.To the devs, if you are going to force the player to use a power station for the towers either lower the cost or raise the amount of gold players start with."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't know if the people who created this app are crazy or just people who want to pressure America.  well to get my point across loud and clear &quot;LOOK AT THE PHOTOS OF THIS APP&quot; and u will relize the Leicester of garbage this app really is.  its not tower defense.  and the name of the game shouldn't be called bubble defense because you are nit defending the enemy Wichita is the bubble.  anything would be a better name than that.  so just by that, u can tell that the game is inexperienced and just by the photographs, u can tell that this game has bad graphics and for all you know, this may not even be a tower defenestration's!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I saw all the bad reviews and was suspicious they were planted there by a competitor to make this company look bad.  However, playing on a Samsung Galaxy S, this game had definite issues.First, there dots not seem to be an explanation as to what each tower did.  Strike one.Second, I could not adjust the game volume.  During the game, my phone's volume controls affected the ringer, not the game.Finally, the interface was terrible.  Trying to place a tower is so difficult, in that it is so slow to move across the screen as to render it unplayable.This could have been a nice sequel.  Instead it's a disaster."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app definitely deserves a WOW.  I have been doing cryptograms for a very long time.  I started with the one in the daily newspaper.  Then progressed to the magazines and then to the JUMBO books and even to computer software for cryptograms.  Enigma is the best.  I have only had it for three days, but I have found all the settings, which sets it up to my liking. I tried two other apps, but they come nowhere near Enigma.  Thanks, EC Software Consulting, Inc."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app simply latches on to Google maps and doesn't give you the functionality. Your phone has a timer and has Google maps.I'm all for duplicating what your phone already has but if your going to do it, it better be better than  what you already have (ex. sms vs handcent, go sms, etc) . If you want to find your car open Google maps star the location go away forget where you parked fire up Google maps again and look for the star on the map again.As for a timer there are a ton of free timers in the market there's one on your phone as well in the clock. Set a count down timer on your phone for the meter and your done."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "well true or not the only place i &quot;lose&quot; my car is in the sea of walmart parking.... but i need to protect my contacts. i dont need them busting down my door with pitch forks and torchs. would be nice to be leaving walmart and find my car, guess i&apos;ll stick to pressing the panic button. 3 star for the good idea, minus 2 star for the probable violation in privicy. happy free app of the day amazon, now that i will be able to cook, golf and wouldnt lose my car if this didnt look suspicious thanks to the free of of the day 4 days running (the star chart one would even let me read about it from lack of capatibility)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "To the person wgo thought this was a stolen car finder, you&apos;re an idiot! This is for when you go to the mall and forget where you parked. The conspiracy theorists who say the dev steals your contacts are also idiots. Amazon does a lit of research and testing on their apps before putting them on here and ESPECIALLY when putting an app as the free app of the day. Personally, I&apos;m super happy that this is the faotd because I&apos;ve been wanting it, but couldn&apos;t justify paying $5 for an app that I won&apos;t use that often."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As a disabled mother of 3 I'll often opt to leave my wheelchair in our van on short errands and risk walking to save the hassle of the chair while with the kids.  Unfortunately, doing that usually leaves me exhausted and in pain making remembering where we parked very difficult. Having one less thing to have to remember at the end of a shopping trip with the kids, regardless of whether I'm in my chair or not, is remarkably helpful.  All of that said, remembering where the car is isn't my favorite feature.  Being able to share where I am with my husband when I get tired when we're out, especially out with the kids, and have gone in different directions to save time is a Godsend.Not only is this app a convenience, but it's actually helped me feel more independent and more safe."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just read a review that someone&apos;s pissed that this app cant find your car if its moved\\/stolen. Oh man...can you people READ?? First, do you see a tracking device for your car that magically appears when you download it? Oh, you don&apos;t? Well then THATs why it isnt tracking your car. Its to find your parked car where you left it. Secondly look at the details you 1 star trolls. It needs that permission to do its thing. You really think the dev left ALL these comments and gets off on secret pictures of your cars? Yeah, okay. :) App works great."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is one of the first car locator apps on the Android market and since then a lot of features and polish have been added. Many freebie apps have also appeared since then and you can even roll your own with scripting apps like Tasker. The original Car Locator is still the best of the bunch, though. Now that it is the free app of the day, don't bother with any of the others (today anyway).Yes it does ask for a lot of permissions and the Amazon marketplace is really awful about describing those to you before download an app. If you are worried, go to the regular Android marketplace and compare the feature list to the permission list before you download. The permissions are reasonable for the features you are getting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Definitely not worth it since it only locates the car 60-70% of the time. Sometimes it is spot on but other times it is WAY OFF.Originally installed this on my Optimus S about a year ago but it didn't always find the car, and it was a HUGE battery hog, so I uninstalled it back then.I thought maybe the app has been updated in past year and the problems would be fixed, so I downloaded the newest version and tried it again. Still the same problems. The app is constantly running in the background and seriously drains the battery. It runs in the background even after rebooting the phone, and restarts itself even after being force closed. Obviously the dev doesn't care since it's been just over a year and a lot of people are still complaining about the same things they were 1 year ago.Great idea but poorly executed. Pity, I really hoped the app would have worked right after all this time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have disocciative episodes from brain trauma, , which means I otnen forget where I am and how to get &quot;unlost.&quot; I have a service dog now, but many don&apos;t have that ability or luxury. To the doubters of the usefulness of a reliable, simple to use version of this type of app: I&apos;d like to take you to an unfamiliar box box store, blindfold you, spin you until you are dizzy, then leave you in a random back corner. Your choice, the free version a seventeen year old kid did while waiting for levels of Call of Duty to load, or one that costs a few bucks from a professional developer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I been testin this app all day and can honestly say it don't work. When I first seen this app I was extatic. See, I live in the hood and cars are all the time gettin stolen. So to test this app, I had my girlfriend take my car to various places at the mall and drop it off. This app only took me to the place I left my car - everytime. I don't need to know where I left my car, I parked the thing! So either I'm just missin the point, or this thing don't work. Deuces."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "No matter which platform I buy I always look for a 3D (first person) golf game. I love the different courses (that I'll never see in person) and being able to actually hit the ball without digging a four foot trench in the landscaping! I like this version but because I don't have a lot of memory in my device the scenery changes like turning pages in a book. Be careful when you adjust your view or you will lose yourself and have to swing \"blind\". Other then that the game is perfect. Oh and the girl you play against... hubba hubba!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Tv Listing guide is another great freature Amazon has included in the Kindle Fire HD!!The newspapers have taken away the tv guide listings and sell it separately or the print is so small you need a magnifying glass to read it and it's only a half day.This listing is taylored to you zip code and I couldn't be happier. I was considering purchasing a one year TV Guide listing for but don't have to know and SAVED $65.00!!!!The Kindle Fire HD is the best gift I've ever gotten.Thank you Amazon and TV Listings for Android!One delighted customer!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Well after using the real TV Guide on my smart phone this needs a lot changes to make it easier to use. Lacking a lot, hopefully it will make changes in the future or Amazon can get the real TV app. But I won't hold my breath. I'm still waiting for them to carry some locale apps that both of the other big name apps download sites carry yet Amazon doesn't if they can't produce the apps for kindle like Google or ios site they need to get out of the app business. I love my Kindle except for this issue. As it is now you need to carry two devises to get the apps you need"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is ok if you're only looking for what's on right now but iTV has been much more useful to me. I like the display on iTV better because it shows the channels in a list and the times across the top of the screen like the typical TV guide that I'm used to and you can scroll ahead on the times. I tried this one because sometimes iTV is glitchy and I wondered if I could find a more reliable app but even if this one is more reliable, the difference in display wasn't worth it for me.Amendment: After further problems with other apps, I've gone back to this one. It's more reliable and has not once caused a problem on my Nexus 7. You can move ahead to look at the times or look at the schedule for an individual channel."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use to pay for a TV Guide Magazine subscription until I found this app. This little app is excellent for those who just want to know what your listings are. It's easy to use. You can look ahead to see what is coming on later in the day, or the next day.I would give it a 5 star rating if it weren't for the fact that the app can be buggy on occasion. But hey --- it's free and it's so good in so many other ways, I'm not going to complain too much."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just got this as a free app.  I really do like the ease of use and its speed.  You can find info about over the air programs, satellite, and cable. You can narrow your search to only the channels you want.Maybe I just don't know how to save my choices, but when I switch between satellite and over the air (OTA) programs I lose my selection of favorite channels. Then when I switch back to OTA I have lost those favorites, also. This is the only drawback to this app that I see. If this problem was worked out (or if I find out how to do it right) I would definitely give it 5 stars.This is still a good app since my TV doesn't show me info on OTA programs in advance.Thanks to the developer for making this a free app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app does what it is supposed to. If you want to check the listings its great for that, it doesn't do much else. I would have liked to have maybe show previews. It works well on the Kindle Fire with no issues. It definitely saves the trouble of going through the listings, it's a quick and easy way to find what you are looking for and get a reminder of what's coming up. Basic and functional. I would recommend if basic and functional is what you are looking for."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been searching for the perfect app for TV listings and I just may have found it. With the most recent update, the TV Listings by TV24 does almost everything I want. It is easy to save just the channels I want and I can select a specific program to get more details. Two more things would make this the all-time most perfect app: 1) Provide an option to view in a grid (my personal preference) and 2) Allow the ability to open the app on a computer to print the listings to share with the family.Great job! I plan to tell everyone I know about this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This TV guide app works dependable and is very easy to start up.  I do receive cable channel info.  It is better than a paper guide.  There is no info for Sundance Channel and I watch that a lot.  It is most convienent to scan channels on a format that has 3 hour programs posted ahead of that time.  You can plan ahead on what you would like to watch.  This was an easy download and you pick your cable station, etc. which it lists (every possible choice). Pretty neat app...a keeper.  Try it...you'll like it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Was looking to find a easy way to see whats on tv at a glance.  Works better then any other apps.  Set it up to your area and then remove the channels you don't want and then whenever you bring it up its all up to date and ready to go.  Works well on my fire.  Would reccommend to anyone who can't always keep track of there favorite shows.  Tells you what the episode is about and if its an old or new episode.  Love it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Thanks Amazon. When I updated my PC to Windows8, I lost my Charter cablechannel tv guide app on my Kindle Fire and PC. it was really a struggle to get the channel guide and I didn't want to pay the $5 graft addition to Charter cable for the box to get the guide. Thus I found this app for my Kindle Fire TV Listings for Android which enables me to check the local cable channel guide while I am viewing my TV. Maybe small thing to others but a big deal for me since I like the basics. Thanks a ton! Amazon. If you are like me with extended basic cable and don't have the box to let you know what is on TV this is a must have for your android device."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a Kindle Fire HD 8.9.  This app has some nice features and one that doesn't work for me.  Under Settings I should be able to \"Filter channels\" so that I can scroll through only those channels in which I am interested instead of all 542 of them (similar to the Comcast Favorites feature).  This feature works for a while then loses my input and I am back to scrolling through 542 channels.  I'll put this app on the back burner until they get this issue resolved."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like to always know what's on TV, and this app is perfect for that. The type of cable that I have has a 'guide channel' instead of one you can scroll through, and it circles through each of the channels VERY slowly. The music on this channel is also SO annoying, so I really wanted to find a way that I could just quickly look through the channels to find something good. I found a website that worked okay (titanTV) but many of the channel numbers or programs were often incorrect. I got this app just on the off chance that it would work better, and it DOES! It's so easy to use, and (thus far) everything it's said has been right. Fabulous app; a must for any avid TV watcher."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you want to know what is on your boob tube, as opposed to your YouTube&reg;, you'll want this free Android app. Once you've told it where you live, it'll ask which cable or satellite service you're using (and if you have a telephony-based service like AT&amp;T U-verse&reg;, they've got them too). Once selected, you'll see every channel available and what is on now and the next two programs to come along with their respective times. Select the channel and it'll take you to a screen that shows you what programs will play throughout the day and each with detailed episode description. Now you'll know whether your favorite show is a rerun or worth recording it on TiVo&reg;. While I wish it could allow you to remove channels you don't have (or want), still it's an extremely useful app to make your TV watching more fruitful and enjoyable."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved this app &amp; used it daily.  You used to be able to pick just the channels you want to follow.  Alas... the &quot;new and improved version&quot; does not save the channels picked.  Yes you can pick the channels but when you go  back into the app all the channels you didn't  want to see are back.  The list is long to scroll thru if you are only interested in a few channels.  I have tried to save numerous times but it keeps bringing up all the channels.  I should have just stayed with the old version."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The icon is cute and you can filter the channels but I will use another because I think the format could be a lot better.There seems to be a lot of underutilized space. You can see up to three half hour blacks per channel on a quick scan. But there's a block of all the times on the top. It seems there can be a showing per block. This isn't a huge deal but I mostly like to use this app to confirm a showing I'm seeing later.I like the summaries. But I don't like they only show one at a time. You click on the channel and it shows one summary. For the next one, you have to load into a new page.I tried both orientations (portrait and landscape) to see if it's any different and it's not.Also the massive ad in the middle is pretty annoying. So here's a review since the app keeps asking for one."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have tried so many Sudoku games on paper, web and on my Android Tablet. I wanted to learn the game. I always enjoyed the easier games. But none of the other methods guided me like Enjoy Sudoku has. There are so many hints that I can \"hint\" my way through the most difficult Enjoy Sudoku has to offer. Each time I 'cheat' I learn more about methods to achieve a full correct grid.I didn't know until today that there was a paid version. I have been playing the free version all along. For all my enjoyment I bought the paid version and am still as happy with the results. There is no better game out there! I've tried! Maybe someday I will be able to call myself a Sudoku Master! ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've tried a number of Sudoku apps and never quite been satisfied until I played Enjoy Sudoku. It's got it all - consistent difficulty modes, intuitive and efficient interface, great highlighting, and an incredible hint/tutorial system. A great game for any skill level - it'll help and tutor you to discover all the complicated strategies if you get stuck.There is a free version where you can play the daily puzzle at each difficulty as a trial; the unlimited puzzle generation is awesome and well worth it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played a lot of Sudoku apps, both on the Android and the iPad.  And so far, hands down, this is the best one.  I would have been willing to pick this one up for three bucks if I didn't already have it for free (yay, free Apps on Amazon).What I love about this more than the other apps is that you choose a number then the square you want to put it in.  Usually it is the opposite.  When you choose the number all the spots you've already chosen that number light up, making it easy to see if you are making a mistake or not.So, full marks for having something that is fun and challenging, giving a lot of options, and properly using all of the screen real estate to the best of its potential.  If you love Sudoku you HAVE to purchase this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Android game is the best, smoothest, quickest sudoku game engine I've ever used.  It is better than any I've used in a browser or as a download game on my computer.It includes 3 tutorial lessons, and then 13 different skill levels.It compares your times to those of many other players to show you how you're doing, statistically.You can use \"Hint\" > \"Check Entries\" at any time without penalty --it won't respond with \"Everything is just fine,\" until you've entered all of the essential pencil marks-- or else you can take advantage of their graduated hint system or automatic pencil marks.You can also enter the given digits of a printed puzzle in order to solve it within this game.You don't have to have Internet access at the time you are playing:  you can play while your phone is in \"airplane mode\"."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Definitely grab this today if you have any interest in a sudoku app. There's plenty of them around, some that are free. But this one is by far the best i've used. I can't say that it's worth $3 for everyone, as i'm not personally a hardcore sudoku guy. But really, the tutorials really make this worth it. The hard puzzles are actually challenging. Theres no shortage of puzzles. The highlighting system rocks, as well as the best hinting system i've seen..I need a lot of hints ^_^ so I very much appreciate the attention to detail there. The main menu doesn't look like anything special, but the actual board is clean and clear. Nice job, and definitely worth the money for people who love sudoku. Enjoy!Phone: Droid X(Android 2.2.1, Liberty 2.0.1)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is very enjoyable and it can be very challenging. What I really like about It is that it helps a great deal in learning to play Sudoku correctly. There is a very good tutorial included.  I have only played the free game so far, but I am going to buy the paid version right now!! You should get this if you want to learn how to play the correct way, instead of guessing sometimes.  It is also pretty easy to understand. I have tried many of the Sudoku games out there, but this is by far the best!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For playing sudoku, this is a good game - a nice variety of difficulty levels, and an unlimited supply of games (in practical terms, at least).For me where this shines is in the hints.  I've been playing Astraware Sudoku (on another platform) for years, and on the highest difficulty levels, always got to a point where I guessed which number an open pair represented with pencilmarks, backtracking if I picked the wrong number.  With Enjoy, I'm using the hints to learn how to use logic tricks instead of guesswork."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Everything about this game appeals to me except for the controls. I generally don&apos;t like motion control but I gave it a fair shot before switching to the option where you control the ship movement with your finger. That was disastrous. For one thing, you can&apos;t see the ship because your finger completely covers it. That wouldn&apos;t be too horrible, but the nail in the coffin was very poor responsiveness in this mode. \\nToo bad, really. I think they did a fine job making a great looking side scrolling space shooter, but ultimately if you&apos;re like me, you won&apos;t like using motion control in this format. \\n2. 5 stars"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This little word game has enough options and variety to make it a very nice challenge.  It is very simple to learn and you can easily end up spending hours challenging yourself to flex your vocabulary \"muscles\".The app takes up less than 1 MB of space on my Kindle Fire (which doesn't have or need a SD card) so I didn't lower my rating becasue of the size of the game.I would give it 5 stars except for the lack of a multiple player mode.  I think it would be even more fun if you could have the added challenge of an opponent.  Maybe they will add that option to the game, but in the meantime it is worth a try if you are at all fond of word-related games.  A very good FAOTD choice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app contains 3 word games. However, as others have mentioned, there don't seem to be levels. Each game is scored, but high scores aren't saved anywhere. Also, unlike other word games, exiting the app ends the current game, rather than pausing it for later. That is my biggest concern. I like to go in and out of games over the course of days.As it is, it's ok for free. I wouldn't pay full price until they updated this app with some basic features."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "In this game you are given a grid of bubbles of various sizes which you must pop to clear the board. As each bubble is hit (with a satisfying POP!) it grows a size until finally it bursts, sending a blast to the nearest horizontal and vertical bubbles, which in turn causes them to grow. You are given a limited number hits, but as the bubbles burst they will do some of the popping for you.The trick is to figure out which bubbles to hit to cause a chain reaction of bubble popping splendor!A good time waster. You can solve bubble grid puzzles or play arcade mode to either get a high score or just to zone out on the pop pop popping.Minus one star simply because it can get dull doing nearly the same thing over and over, with no new challenges or rewards in higher levels."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It works as well as it can on my device. it can be calibrated and it can display gridlines.  it will display the angle a well as the 'bubble' and can also display other units such a in/ft.  it displays full screen on my tablet.  my tablet is a viewsonic gtablet and has aknown issue where the accelerometer axes are not set up as they are in other devices so i can't set up calibration on two sides at once, but I cannot fault the app for that; I need to flash a custom rom. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I had downloaded this app on my Kindle Fire just to check it out and thought it was fairly decent.  It was about 2 weeks later when I was putting up a shelf and my actual level was not in the tool box or anywhere else I looked. Then I remembered I had this app and grabbed my Kindle, stood it on its side on top of the shelf, made the needed adjustment and secured it to the wall. Later that day when I finally came across my level, I double checked to see how accurate it turned out and it couldn't have been any more level than it was. I am impressed and although it may only come in handy once in a great while, it still is a very useful app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Yesterday (or the day before) the free app of the day was something to organize apps into folders, with added functionality.  That app was rated well, as there is, arguably, a use for it and the app was intuitive and ran well.  This app replaces something that doesn't need replacing.  Whether you run Froyo or Gingerbread, either will be faster and smoother than this offering.  I can see limited appeal for those who feel the need to customize and tweak and recustomize their devices, but I have better things to do with my time than &quot;fix&quot; what isn't broken and replace it with something that isn't quite as good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I always appreciate when people think outside the box and try to give a new perspective on things.  With this app though, I think more personal preference was put into the design and layout, rather than thought about what others would enjoy or find useful.Then again it could just be me.  I couldn't get used to the home screen diamond navigation or the quick access buttons.  I found them all rather clunky and hard to use.  The list of apps organized into running, services, recent waas nice.Overall the whole interface ran slower that the default one, and made the choice to uninstall a no brainer.  Better luck next time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a Motorola ATRIX and just got the 2.3.4 Gingerbread update. IMHO this update makes this program unnecessary. I spent hours working to get the dxTop close to what I already had with the Android OS and the dxTop was still inferior. To make matters worse is that a few hours later, the dxTop lost my settings, so I would have had to do it all over again. I uninstalled it and am quite happy to be using the Android homepage once again. I am glad that I got it free or I would have been upset. Perhaps a more seasoned pro could make it work, but for me, no thanks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am giving this three stars because I didn't really give it a chance. my qualms with this app were two things: the fact it auto starts, and also that it was a big pain to uninstall on my droid x2. I downloaded it and installed and there was no choice in turning it on or off, it just starts up. then not liking that fact I tried to uninstall it and it wasn't in my app list. might be a great app but I just didn't like the design or functionality of it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I feel this launcher is kind of the Winamp among media players. By default it isn't the most beautiful, but you can customize it to death.What I do like:- apps sorted alphabetically in a clear fashion- lots of themes- 5 way switching between homescreens,  would work nice with 5 screensWhat I don't care about:- the recent apps drawer with services and running apps- 5 homescreen. I don't need so many. So it kind of makes the 5 way switching useless- a gazillion themes.  It should look great by defaultWhat I dislike:- it's a lot more sluggish than go launcher ex or the default touching on my phone- themes are pricey. I don't want to pay more for a theme than for the app.- it looks low-def on my screen. And the ui has many inconsistent quality things.- lack of included widgets,  go launcher has great widgets"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ugh. I had always just had the default interface and felt it was fine, but my brother does a lot of customizing with his myTouch 4G, so I thought, &quot;Eh, why not try it out?&quot; Never again will I try to change the home layout. This app is so clunky! I hated every interaction I had with it, and I can't believe anybody would pay $3 for this piece of crap.Do yourself a favor and leave this one alone. Terrible, terrible, terrible."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't understand why all the negative reviews. This is a very good home replacement app. I've used every alternative out there and while this is definitely not the best it's nowhere near the worst. Just because it's different and you don't know how to use it doesn't mean it's a bad app.  There's no way I'd pay anything for this app, not with GO being free and a much better option, but for free dxTop certainly deserves a download. My advice, ignore the bad reviews and try it yourself. It's free for f's sake!And to the reviewer below me, no, this app did not break your phone. If you believe that is even possible you need to immediately post your EVO on craigslist and go buy an iPhone."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am using this on my rooted Captivate. It works extremely well. Very smooth and the widgets and look screen are a nice touch.Overall very impressed.I have tried many home replacements including but not limited too ADW ex, Launcher Pro, Go Launcher, Pandahome, Launcher 7, Mr. Home, Regina, aHome, etc ... Well... you should get the picture. All of the have some things that make them unique and none of them are perfect. dxTop pro isn't over the top with settings and customizations but it is unique and works very well.ADW ex is my favorite and go to launcher but dxTop Pro will definitely get it's use.Side note: Wake up Amazon! Allowing all of these stupid review is ruining your market. I can't imagine too many more developers are going to want to take a chance on faulty review scores because the stupid person downloading a FREE app didn't get the game they thought they deserved. Just another way we see how entitlements are ruining are society!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Most of the time you get close to nothing for 'nothing' but this free little app actually does what you would expect it to do. It gets you police radio conversation (even comes with a 10-codes translator file). It lets you:- set alerts based no the number of people listening to a specific scanner- mark your own favorites- finds stations 'near you' based on your location- has a top-50 list based on the number of listeners- lets you browse by area (in 15 countries), genre and source- shows 'new additions'- at least on a tablet's large screen the ads are small and unobtrusiveOn my XOOM (Android 3.2) I am able to continue to listen to the police talk while running other tasks such as browsing the Web or writing emails.Good work. Recommended."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I never expected this scanner to be so great. I pick up police, fire, EMS, railroads.....from my area and from several different states as well. And the reception is super clear. I bought a scanner for a few hundred dollars last year and returned it - it was terrible. But this free app on my Kindle Fire picks up everything and all I have to do is type in a city name or county! Easy, fun and free. No trouble with installing it or using it at all.I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is amazing and FREE!! I could listen to this all night long. It picks up my local police station and you can't believe some of the stuff that goes on around town. The best time to listen to it is on weekends or holidays. It is very entertaining. Sometimes you just can't stop listening. Very addicting. There are complaints about it running down battery quickly, but I use this app on my kindle fire and it doesn't seem to use any more battery than any other open app. The other nice thing is that you can run this program in the background and still play other games or surf the Internet. I strongly urge you to give this app a try!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This free \"Scanner Radio\" app installed cleanly on my Kindle Fire HD and worked perfectly for my needs. The app does not turn your device into a radio but it does allow you to listen to Internet streaming of local government radio communications (police, EMS, etc). If your local service does not stream there communications, you will not be able to listen to them with this app.The interface was fairly easy to navigate and I was lucky to find that my local law enforcement's communication was available through the app.Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I live in a semi-rural county.  Wouldn't think much is going on around here, but with the suburbs on one end and farms on the other and several major roadways crossing the county, its busy.  And fascinating.  Enough for me to find the fire station numbers and listen for the sirens.  When nothing else is going on at home and I'm sitting horsing around on my computer, you can be sure that my phone is propped up next to me with this app running.  If I want to, I can choose many, many more local locations or big ones all around.  Still, for me its fun to listen locally."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My suburb isn't in the list of available scanners but Kansas City and Independence are and they are two of the larger Metro areas near where I live and there is plenty of action to listen to. Listening to police scanners is not for everyone I'm sure but my dad and I used to sit outside and listen to one on hot summer nights when I was a kid and I've been hooked ever since. It's probably a guy thing but I can imagine if a girl spent a bunch of summer nights listening to one with her dad  she may still enjoy it once in awhile. You can't beat the price - it's free. It's easy to use. I recommend it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really like this app!!! And..to top it off..it was free!!! The only thing I don't like about it is I have it on my Kindle Fire which I love..but it only stays on for so long then cuts off...then I have to reopen it..I wish it would stay on as long as I have it opened...would help a lot during bad weather!! For this I give Four (4) stars..if this problem can be fixed I'll be happy to give five (5) stars!!! If anyone knows how I can take care of this problem please please let me know..you can email me at ginaricec3@Yahoo.com.  Thanks!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First let's make one thing clear. The application has NO control over what channels are available. The people rating it 1 star need to read.The scanner itself works great. It uses an online provider to get its data, which receives its data from individual enthusiasts.It is great to use for killing the time or listening to local events. It may be a data hog but there isn't really an easy way around it from a code point of view. Nonetheless, this application is worth the increased data use. If you have a wifi connection of unlimited data like myself there really is no reason to avoid downloading this application."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I just wanted to see if it works and it does. I took it off because I don't know if it might be illegal in this state as most everything probably is here. Have no use for it anyway. It works and can be adjusted to many different areas at least where I am located. I didn't know so many people were jabbering on the radio so much. I heard Fire, Police and a lot of unidentifiable jabber talk going on even late in the night. An old Ham or CB operator that knew the lingo would enjoy this thing. A friend of mine works in the Fire Department so I will have to find out if I can have this without cops going goofy on me somehow for some reason. Might be useful in an emergency?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Well after reviewing at least ten different apps within two weeks I finally get to this. Hey everybody want to know what police and firefighters are up to? Then you need scanner radio free at the App store. This app works with the help of wi-fi the thing that most of the world depends on. If you want to know what is going on near you, you can search on the search selection and type in your state, country, city, or zip code and all you have to do is choose one out of the many options that pop up. This app has no lag and will keep you on alert so you know where the bad boys are. So what are you waiting for? The world to end. I don't think so. Its time to get this app because it has your name on it saying download me. Chill out and relax with scanner radio."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Who would have thought this app existed.  It's ok I guess, it really just depends on where you live and what you are looking to hear on this app.  I would listen in to be nosy and see what kind of 'action' was going on around the city; sometimes I will check out NYC or Chicago or whatever...also, we had some wildfires close to town this summer and I would listen in on the fire dept. channel at times to see if I heard anything the news wasn't putting out.  Many times when the channels get busy they overlap and it's hard to understand.  I have downloaded this on my Kindle and on my Samsung Blaze...both worked fine.  Cheap entertainment app. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was able to pick up my local police, fire, and ambulance.I always wanted to buy a real one of these, but they arevery hard to find anymore... plus, online, they are very expensive.So, this app is awesome!!!!!  I don't listen to it nearly enough.We always have tons of sirens going everywhere and alwayscurious as to what happened, but I don't use this that often.If I did, I know that I would satisfy my curiosity."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "3-25-13 -- I've always wanted a police scanner but they were too costly.  Kudos to the designer and to the volunteers who lend their scanners to provide this app.  The coverage of local police, fire and EMT service seems excellent, and the small ads are not too intrusive.  The site is very easy to navigate and a list of police codes is included.  There is even an archive if you want to review prior dates, but it requires a paid subscription so I haven't checked it out.  I find it hard to tear myself away from the live police chatter, even though it's usually quite routine.  Update 4-27-13 -- The alerts accurately tell you when there are more listeners than usual in a certain area.  Today I listened in on Australia loud and clear.  I'm impressed!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is another app that i cannot go without, I live in an area where we get fires, and this app is amazingly helpful, and i don't have to carry a scanner with me, all i have to do is start the app and select the channel and i'm listening just like that,this app does everything from citizen to fire and police and rescue channels, If you want to know what is going on around you but either don't own a scanner, or don't want to carry one this app is for you!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For those that don't have a police scanner and like to make sure things are ok in your neighborhood this is the app for you. And hey its mobile and FREE!!!!  You just select your county and walah.....you have info for what's happening with the police, fire department,  and the EMT 's. And you will be the first to know of anyone you know is in trouble....going to jail,  being pulled over, accident,  and on and on. Enjoy it. Love You Love Nora"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoy listning to police/fire/rescue frequencies from time to time but don't care to shell out for an actual factual scanner . Thought this would be an enjoyable option , which it was but alas my immediate region is not available to listen in on and lets face it , who wants to NOT hear whats going on in their neck of the woods ? I did enjoy listening in on some of the international frequencies it offered , Sydney Australia is a great one ! So for that alone it was worth it but don't be surprised if your preffered area isn't available since many of the places across the US weren't offered for listening ."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wanted an ap like this to listen to when I don't have access to my scanner, but this won't work because it doesn't offer any of the frequencies that I like to monitor. I only offers a selective group of frequencies, and they are not in my city! It's OK for what it is, and might be fun to listen to is you want to learn some of the radio codes used by law enforcement, but it doesnt replace a real scanner that can be programmed to your liking."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I originally had a Sony E-Reader, so Kindle was not an option but now I have a Lenovo K1 Ideapad and the app is available. While the Kindle app does have some good settings like highlighting a word to get the definition, font size and text, easy sync and great night mode. The formatting leaves a lot to be desired. Bundle books become one long book and all the books I have read have yet to have an option of jumping or returning to a page or chapter. Which come to think of it I have not actually read a book with page numbers, just percent of how much of the book has been read. The free books and having them linked to my Amazon account are a plus but the formatting takes this app from great to just okay."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this app on both desktop and android and would rate it as &#34;functional, but nothing to write home about. Had to remove it from my phone, but that was because of RAM problems, not the app itself. It does have a few cool &#34;sister&#34; apps that are separate apps working in conjunction w/ it, but the app itself is about what you would expect. May very well work better on the Kindle hardware, but I don't see the point in purchasing a tablet when I have a smart phone, a laptop, and 2 desktops already. I personally prefer Adobe Digital Editions and the Nook apps (Barnes & Noble), but mostly just because I am more familiar, having used them both first, and I actually would rather have a paper book than any of them. If you need a decent reader app, this one is just as good as the next, so go ahead and try it out, just make sure to comparison shop."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As an e-reader this app is the Cadillac ( not Rolls) of the bunch. Great content, ease of use, etc.BUT it is not a home library substitute. I feel like it was written by a geek who own two books. I have to go into the PC kindle to find a cookbook or a sifi novel or a computer book and then search the title on the tablet to find the book to read.Your programmers need to talk to that librarian that told them to be quiet in the library when they were eight.If I can't find it, I can't read it.Even the new Fire HD doesn't have collections.  WE CAN'T SHELVE OUR BOOK - FIX IT NOW"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really love this app. I purchased a polaroid android tablet . There was no reader installed. There were so many to choose from, I didn't have a clue where to start. Now, I'm no geek, so it had to be easy. I figured I'd try the android Kindle because it came standard in so many e-readers it would likely be easy to figure out. Turns out--I was right. I love it. It's so easy to operate my kids can do it. Even I can do it. Bookmark my page and pick up where I left off with no hassle. Now I can use my tablet for what I bought it for--a portable library. It's so easy to go to amazon, find my book, download it and read. The selection is great, and the prices are way better than say-- driving to a big bookseller to search for and buy a paper ( save the trees) book."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Used to I had to cart 5 or 6 books with me on trips and if I really liked them I had to bring them back with me. With this Kindle for Android app I can have as many books as I want, read them all and buy more. I love books, but this is so space friendly! I no longer need to worry about space, weight, or running out of books. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that I often find typos; sometimes reversals, or combining groups of words, missing words, but you can still read and understand the stories."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a OK app.  I mean it doesn't do that much.  It surely doesn't have all the features a Kindle reader has.  One day they will upgrade it more so it has more features but in reality Amazon wants you to buy a real Kindle, and not use an app.  Well I did and I gave the real Kindle away.  I got a Samsung Note 2 and that is all I need along with this app.  I am not going to run around with several different devices and the Note 2 does everything and does it well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to like Kindle. The app was fast and reliable, and made it easy to read an ebook from Amazon on my Nook Color (with N2A).Then I bought a couple of new Kindle books, and Kindle (the app) would not download them unless I updated the app. The new app starts with a gray sphere and freezes there for a long time. Then it loads, and the default screen is not my library but the Kindle store with recommendations. A few buttons later I finally get to select my book and read it. Meanwhile, the app still doesn't allow you to group the books by topic.This spells the end of Kindle for me. I'll move my books over to Calibre, which doesn't try to sell anything and does allow for sorting books."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's an eReader app for books you've bought from Amazon, which I'm. sure you already know. For that purpose it works. It could definitely be better though.Amazon needs to sync personal documents as well as purchased books. If this is a mobile platform for my books why can't all my books come over? Some may point out that personal documents have delivery fees, but that is only using Amazon's 3G and this app uses our networks. Also, why not let us target our app instead of or along with our Kindle? This would require us to be given a unique @Kindle.com email address, but it could work.I also want the app to sync highlighted notes / clippings from when I read on my Kindle.Finally, I want to be able to highlight and share quotes from my clippings like on my Kindle.This app works, but not better than Aldiko and definitely not better than a real Kindle."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Will NOT launch AT ALL unless wifi connection is available. Had the app for about a month now. I can disable wifi (to save battery usage) after launching, but operation is significantly slower with eBooks already saved on device. The only thing this Kindle app does is download a giant list of arbitrary 'recommended' and 'best seller' cover pics that I have no interest in and cannot disable. All I wanted to do is read books from  a car or a park bench, for which this app is COMPLETELY worthless. Might as well stick to paper books. S#!*EDIT: Installed on an Android 4.0 device, and STILL won't launch, or even connect to kindle store."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There should be support for reading books download from another source, as well as the ability to use a local dictionary (e.g. ColorDict). The ability to add support for lookup in user defined wikis would be great too.Highlighting text spanning more than one page can be difficult or impossible.  Regarding selection of text, is being able to copy a sentence no more than a few times a day such a problem for publishers? This would be useful for quoting books.Otherwise this app is the best reader I've used, though the first point makes it necessary to have another reader installed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Whenever I want to buy a book from Amazon, I use my Kindle app. I now buy all my books that way.  For example, I have been steadily working my way through Ken McClure's medical thrillers at $5 per book (out of print every way but Kindle for his older books).  It has been a great reading experience.  Ironically, I use my Kindle app more than my sister uses her actual Kindle.  I've also read ebooks on Good Reader and iBooks.  I'd say Kindle holds its own with both of those."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i originally downloaded this from Android Marketplace. I loved the ease of reading e books with this app so much that I got a Kindle as well for the extra features. It gives me the best of everything. I am never without a book now but have no more piles of books all over. The sync between Android &amp; Kindle works flawlessly for me. Books can be archived online so I can go back &amp; read again. This is great for me because I love series fiction and sometimes forget things before the next book comes out. There is some content you can't get with the app you can with Kindle. I think maybe Amazon wants to keep a few things out of the app so people still buy Kindles. Something else that makes having both worthwhile is that Kindle is totally non glare so you can read outside but not backlit (which is easier on the eyes) while my phone has backlight so I can read in dark/dim light."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Originally got this for my knock-off IPad (called YourPad) and it worked fine for a while, then got glitchy and wouldn't open the book.  Tried removing & reinstalling, however that didn't work.  Got out the CHEAPER knock-off (iBridge), installed Kindle for Android and it has worked PERFECTLY ever since (knock on wood).  I love that I can take my current reading material ANYWHERE and read while I'm waiting at the Drs office or whereever.  Not my favorite app, but probably the most used one."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Kindle offers the convenience needed to read book. First of all imagine you had to carry you best 10 books on you or with you everywhere you went.. It would far better having just the words in these books without the paper used to put the ink on it. Kindle makes reading books a comfortable experience and you can then exercise your arm and hand muscles in a gym instead of carrying a heavy book bag. In conclusion, use kindle you stone age mammal. What did you think the year was, 0214 AD? It's 14 years after two millenniums. Stop encouraging the cutting of more trees. Try Kindle!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While I can still see more on a big screen, the Android app has a feature I've been hoping for forever and it's not on the computer app.  It tells me how much I have to read in a chapter.When I'm reading, after I finish a chapter, I'd like to know how long the next chapter is so I can decide whether to read it or put it down. Easy in a book. Impossible on the Kindle without messing up my forward progress.Now it tells me how much is left in the chapter at the bottom of each page.It says it in minutes rather than pages. I'm not sure why. Pages make more sense, but it say it, and that works beautifully."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Why on Earth did Amazon have to change the app?  By far, my most used App, Kindle for Android was as easy to use as the Kindle.  Now, I have to select the home tab to get to my books.  When I open the app, I'm opening to read. . .  not have suggestions shoved down my throat.  Amazon, you already have my business; please let me have my Kindle for Android app back.  Or, could you at least give me the option to not have selections glaring at me when I open the app?This was a 5 star app until the most recent update.  I understand that most people probably like the changes but how about considering those of us who don't?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to have the Kindle app on my old computer--never had a problem.Now on my new computer, and also on my android phone, I cannot sign into it.  It does not recognize the information when I try to log on (both are correct, I've quadruple checked, and I use them everyday on Amazon.com).  I plan to get an iPad in the near future to replace the Kindle Fire HD (which is as glitchy as can be) and when I do, how will I read my Kindle books if the app acts the same on the iPad?  Guess I'll be getting my books at iTunes, even though I'd rather not.I'm actually a huge fan of Amazon, but recent experiences are souring me, because of their software issues, and a couple of bad calls to customer service.  I miss the Amazon of two years ago.  :-(A Kindle app I can't sign into is pretty much useless."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I first downloaded this app on my blackberry, and I have read about 15-20 books from it. It's great, most people take their phone everywhere with them, so if you have a couple of minutes of down time at the doctors office, or waiting for your car to be serviced, this is an awesome app to have. I just downloaded it on my 7\" tablet, and it's even better than before, now with the larger screen size, it's no different than reading a paperback novel that you would buy in the stores now-a-days. You can get quite a few books from the Kindle Book store for the same price as 1 book retail in the stores. They have tons of free books, and alot more pretty cheap."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this application. In fact, its my favorite download so far.i found a great book right away and Im into it!The controls and settings are easy to access and it always has my place saved.Its portable and its free, I cant see how it can get much better than that!I cant wait to start my next book on my android! I always have my phone and therefore I always have a book!Thank you Thank You Thank you!highly recommend downloading this and giving it a shot.My favorite thing:Putting my baby down to sleep I have to keep the room silent, and dark. I like to hang around when he goes to bed because hes teething and wakes up in pain fairly often. when I put him to sleep, I roll over and whip out my phone and read a book on my phone until Im tired, its like stealing some adult time and still being an attentive mom!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the one app that I use daily and has changed the way I read books.  I am the type of person that always has a book nearby and the Kindle app allows me to carry multiple titles in a very small package.  I went to Italy with several books loaded and it was nice to be able to read on the plane, tour bus, etc. without the weight of a book in my hand.  The app is very easy to use and I like the new updates; books are easy to find on the carousel.  This is the first app I loaded when I had to change phones recently... couldn't imagine my phone without it.  Even my 82 y.o. mother has gotten into the swing with her new phone.  She rarely makes calls but loves to have a book close at hand!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "We love our Kindles, but having the option to continue reading our current books on other devices is just too cool.  It picks up where you left off as long as the WiFi is on regardless of what device you are on.  We use it on our Kinles of course, our smart phones, and now our ePads.  The vendor of the ePad said Kindle would not work without a difficult download of an older version of the app; then an update by replacing it with a new app.  None of that was required.  I just downloaded the Kindle app for Android and it works right out the shoot.  It even does somethings better than the Kindle itself.  The battery is much better on the Kindle, but having the ePad option just makes it even better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Verizon latest build update.First: The support folks are terrific. Not too much to do with the issue.Next. The new interface is awkward to say the least. Have had to use cloud on my Fire to insert titles for purchace. Records show previous purchase. Then download at no additional cost.  Although they still don't show in the cloud when sync is used.Have used Kindle reader on All my devices including this one without issue until this latest build.Would like to see last format returned.Cloud access issue seems fixed. Uninstall update. Reinstall. Cloud now appears. All books on device need be downloaded againd."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love using this app. It's become my very own personal best friend in the past months. There are drawbacks I don't like. Number one being that there are no page numbers and sometimes there is no way to navigate chapters. If you lose your place at times you have to flip through and hope to find it again or trial and error. There needs to be a page location that is not just 374 out of 1000, which doesn't reflect the page number. The other thing I don't like is that you can't organize your books. There is no way to make a book playlist by author or by name. I wanted to separate the same author books into the proper series to read by and it won't let me at all, which is frustrating. Other than that though, it is a good app and swiftly allows downloads of new items. Also multiple book bundles get a little wonky when trying to find another book within the bundle to read."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Kindle for AndroidIf you have a Kindle account and an Android device you need this app. Without it I couldn't read my ebooks on my Android. I have found that in using an Android tablet, in my case it's a Pandigital SuperNova, you should have your Amazon Kindle archive account listed as a favorite in your browser. This way you can go to your book list and simply tell it to download to which device you are using.As with most anything you get or do with Amazon you can't go wrong. It's all good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "NO Password Protection - One Click Always ON!! I email Amazon and they replied \"at this time, the password feature is not available on Kindle app for Android\". That is a terrible way to do business. It is very shady to try to get people to constantly buy things buy accident. They demand card information and then offer no protection once the app is on you phone or tablet. Anyone (including my children just trying to read their chapter book for school) could buy books accidentally. What a shady business strategy! I am VERY disappointed in you Amazon. I expected better from you. This is shameful exploitation of loyal customers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "What can I say that others haven't? This app works well. I like how it gauges and displays the time left in each chapter. I also like how that time is continuously updated (like when I stop reading for a bit and then resume). I suppose I mostly appreciate the percentage of the book already read. Really gives me a true location to where I currently am in the book.. this feature also estimates the time to the end when I open a book that I have already read, basing its estimate on how long it took me the last time to read cover to cover. Not necessarily needed info but nice to know what I average from book to book. This app will stay on my RAZR Maxx until I buy a Kindle Fire later this fall."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Usually I carry my Kindle Fire with me to appointments for reading while taking up space in a waiting room, however, there are times when I am surprised with unplanned time waiting time (waiting for family members to finish shopping, etc.).  Those are the times that I really enjoy the Kindle App.  Several people have asked me how I get a Kindle book to open on my cell phone.  They are totally unaware of the Kindle App.  It is one of the best kept secrets by Amazon Kindle.  I think Amazon should do more open advertising of this hidden feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon, I've always loved my kindle. I still love my kindle. But the phone app preinstalled with no sign of upgrade or remedy crashes constantly, bringing up an annoying box I have to close.. In the middle of whatever I do. I didn't open the app, I didn't strain it's capabilities.. I couldn't even download a book I own .. Or even my library titles the only time I ever tried to use you weeks ago. What gives?????Please figure it out and get back to being my reading companion."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love my Kindle for Android app! I'm reading books that I love on it, and getting the full effect I would from having an actual book in my hand. There are two suggestions I could make. One is sometimes the words in the book are incorrect, and I don't think it's a typo, because some of the sentences are a mixture of the English language and I think it was French. I've only found two sentences like that. My other suggestion is that maybe the books could be a little cheaper. I don't have the room on my Android tablet to keep all of my favorite books, so I might have to delete them in order to download others. That's a little bit of a waste of money on my part. Thanks for hearing my comments and suggestions!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I never planned on buying e-books, I was more than happy just using a print book. That just changed, I received an Android tablet (10.7 inch) for my birthday in January, and didn't do much with it until recently. I was in Amazon App store to download a timer for poker when I came across the Kindle app. So I downloaded that as well, while looking to order a new book from one of my favorite authors, I noticed that he had written several short stories for the Kindle only. I ordered the stories, and was delighted with the ease of operation in downloading to the tablet, the ease in reading while in bed, on the couch, room lights on or off. I am definitely a believer in e-books now. I still like print books for the beach and pool, but the Kindle is great for the other times that weather is not an issue for electronics. Definitely recommend this to all the readers out there."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I find I go to the 'Table of Contents' often to reread a chapter or go to a favorite chapter. I was also using a Kindle Bible in church to quickly jump to the  'Table of Contents' then to the chapter (Book) I wanted. After this last update there is no '2 touch' go to contents any more. In fact the \"Table of Contents\" in the menu will not even take you to a  'Table of Contents'. To change books in the Bible I have to:1. go to the menu2. choose Navigation3. from there I can choose  'Table of Contents'4. choose book5 choose chapterBy then it is too late. Other books don't have a \"Navigation\" choice. How about a 'Go to  'Table of Contents' ' in the  'Table of Contents' tab...come on this is common sense. Why even call it  'Table of Contents' if it does not take you there."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The app is very useful for us that dont have a KNDLE, I install it in my NEXUS 7 to have access to AMAZON vast services and selections and it work very well, I activate a few magazine subscriptions and order books which I recomend specially to thouse like me that CAN'T tae full advantage of GOOGLE services because they dont offers them outside the US STATES.GOOGLE would not let me order, music,books,magazines or use services like Navigation etc etc, I just bought a new KINDLE HDX 7 due to GOOGLE limitations in my country which is a US territory. Let see when my KINDLES arrive !!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works very nice for my Kindle books, but haven't figured out how to (or if it's even possible) to have the computer read it like it did on my Kindle Keyboard.  Doesn't come up often, but I've kind of wished I had it available a couple of times.  That's the only drawback I see.It is very easy to navigate, and easy to put items on or take item off your device.  Actually, it's easier than with my old Kindle!  Easy to download your books from the cloud.  Easy, easy, easy!Love it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love to read and was the one who carried around ALL the books I was currently reading.  Anyone else who reads know that's a real back breaker!  I have this app on all my major reading electronics ( my Cruz Tab, my pc,  my Android phone and Galaxy Tab). Renders well on all except G. Tab. The splash screen is off,  so it doesn't fit screen.  Love having all my books with me at all times, love I can read whatever whenever however whyever... lol.  Syncs flawlessly,  adjustable fonts, different lighting levels... ;)  Only thing it needs are real page numbers and real in book dictionary.  NEVER liked the Kindle ereader cause I believe it you're gonna drop hundreds on electronica it better do more than one ghing... JMO.  Great app! Thanks!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a Kindle Fire and I take it with me everywhere I go.  Occasionally, it will run out of battery at a very inconvenient time and I have been able to transition over to continue on my phone very smoothly.Once, horrors, I actually thought the Kindle was in my purse, only to arrive at a restaurant on my own, intending to eat and read, to discover I did not have my Kindle with me.  I was able to move right onto the Kindle app on my Droid and be completely happy.It is a well arranged app - and while not a Kindle, it definitely does the job very, very well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've had the Kindle app on my EVO phone since last November, about ten minutes after I got the phone. The app works smoothly, and I've had no problems with it at all. I enjoy having some books with me on my phone; it's surprising how often I read something using the Kindle app on my phone when I'm waiting for an appointment somewhere. I still carry and use my Kindle 3, but this app has turned my phone into a very handy supplement to the Kindle. Syncing to the \"furthest location read\" between and among my Kindle-equipped devices has always been easy and accurate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have this on my Arnova tablet and it works well.  Very easy to use and understand.  Amazon is one of my fav sites and has made my life so much easier.  My only complaint is that on my tablet I cannot read the first or second sentence on the top of each page b/c there is a status bar there.. At one point last week it went away and i had the book on my entire screen but i have no idea how i got it that way and it hasn't happened since then.  If anyone knows how to fix this i would greatly appreciate the help!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved this app and until recently it was amazing.  Now there are two issues currently affecting it.1.  Books which were recently read will come up as no longer being recognized.  It will then either require me to attempt to open it several times, or delete and redownload the book.2.  The time left grows significantly during the reading of each chapter.  I will go from 15 mins left on the first page of a chapter to 36 minutes left on the last page of the chapter.  I know my reading speed hasn't changed, but about every 2-3 pages, it likes to add a minute to the remaining time.I am currently using the Note 3, however the 2nd problem also existed on the Evo 4G I was using for a bit.Once these two items are taken care of, I will be more than happy to change it back to a 5-star rating, as this truly is one of the better reading apps."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Why??? Runs horribly now even on a dual core and is literally 10 times larger than a year ago and for what? Please, please stop this and optimize this app!!!! I hate giving it one star but there is no excuse for this. And WHY do you store the book data in the app/system space instead of of user/sdcard storage space? AND when one deletes (archives) a book, why doesn't the app remove it from local storage? Why are these very basic housekeeping functions and storage decisions so poorly implemented? :("}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't know where I'd be without both my Kindle and my new Kindle Fire!  I bought my first Kindle when I had my shoulder op. Wow,  how have I ever managed without it? But be WARNED,  if you start a library,  make sure you keep your old email address and password if you decide to change your email address to a new one.  Libraries are not transferable.  I DID NOT KNOW THAT!  Now I have two libraries. Something Amazon needs to work on. Just sayin'"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have tried almost every sync app out there for android.  My criteria are that it must sync ratings both ways, work with smart play lists in iTunes, sync play counts, and be user friendly.  I found nothing else even close to this app.  I use the WiFi sync add-on with this. I once had a problem with a non US phone, and the developers fixed the problem immediately.  Very responsive.  Bought it here in Amazon because the other market doesn't work when I travel...  No complaints after almost 1 year."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is one of the best apps I've purchased through the years. With my new phone, Galaxy Note 2, for some reason I wasn't able to get all my music onto the phone. Many songs would be missing, and it would take forever to transfer the music. I tried several times and finally decided to see if there was a good app out there as I was becoming frustrated.I found iSynr, which I've heard of in the past but didn't feel the need to have. I decided to try it, I use iTunes anyway on my computer. It was amazing! It was fast, transferred all my songs and cover art, and on top of that all my playlists.This is by far one of the best apps I've purchased through the years and well worth the cost. For smooth syncing and music control from computer to phone and back again don't fear wasting your money on this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app wouldn't download my songs to my 16gig SD card reliably, and when it did, it was epic fail. It &lt;&lt;NEVER>> imported all my music even though I checked carefully to ensure I hadn't gone over the level. It may have been something I am doing wrong, but I doubt it. The app asks you where you want the stuff loaded to, then arbitrarily decides where to load the stuff to. Save your time and money. I'm looking for a better solution, and in the meantime, I'm doing this the old-fashioned way. Hey! CDs!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Possibly inspired partly by long tap or click and hold gesture of GUIs. Might be nice or menacing, I'm not sure, if popped corn was replaced with new to pop. Something like pop up windows. Or for the paid sequel version 2 which has bread etc levels pop. Anyway got to work out fact that it is just a video game and people can't usually get their minds but so far out of the real life games they make money playing/hosting for others to play. I cared enough to vote. One star is more than zero. The that is my intuition. So I rebel against having to give more stars to rank it higher. An app that gets many votes is more valued or resented than, eh its not the place for this. Ok 2 stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love the game Mancala but can't find good apps for the game.  This one would be great if there were template options and it would stop freezing.  I play as a single player and if the game wants the computer to go first it freezes.  I have to close the game out and restart it several times so that the player goes first, when the player goes first the game doesn't freeze.03/05/13A recent app update by developer has RESOLVED the freezing issue, so I have changed my rating from 3 to 4 stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can say that this is one of the best radio apps that I've used.  There are tons of different radio stations for your listening pleasure.  You are guaranteed to find something that you like. It's a quality app that I have had no issues with. Also, If you're worried about permissions, just email the developer or go to their website.  The developer is very responsive, which is rare sometimes, with other developers.  Also those sticky intents permissiosn is not only on this app, it's on other apps as well - especially apps that have an alarm function, such as this one.  At $4, this app is a deal. Pandora is $36 per year (with no ads)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's an all right radio player, and there are several out there to try. I tried several radio stations and all of them came in clearly, no problem. I do wish the controls were a little more intuitive, especially when looking for a station. I had to really dig just to find Top 40, which is what I listen to most... as do most people. Also, I wish I could search by location as I'd rather listen to something local or from a specific country. No major complaints, but nothing about this blew me away either. If you are looking for Internet radio, try the trial first before dropping upwards of five dollars on this."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Best radio app! Was wonderful on my phone, works beautifully on my tablet as well.Very large selection of Christian stations, which is sooo hard to find on most apps (sadly). Feature PACKED! Has customizable sleep timer, alarms to wake to any station, favorites, backup, bluetooth, search...and on and on. Can't find any flaws, nothing missing here! Got as a FAOTD, but one of the select few really worth paying for. Nice UI as well. If  you're looking for an all-around radio app, this is it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm still very new to the whole e-anything. This popped up on the free app of the day, so I grabbed it. Right off the bat I played with it for a few minutes till I got a handle on how to maneuver. I made the kids laugh when I put the ear buds in my ears and danced to Celtic music around the house with my Kindle Fire stuck in my back waste-band.  Huge choice of streaming music from every genre from around the world. Since it was one of my new experiences in the e-music or streaming music, I'm hooked. Get this app, YES, recommended. ."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Quality sound, easy to find music can be sorted by artist, genre, or song title.  Each genre seems to have a good variety of stations to choose from.  It is also easy to switch from station!  It is easy to use and you can leave it turned on while you switch to reading a book or a magazine.  This offers every type of music from classical to country.  There is nothing about this app that I did not like.This is one of my favorite apps."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this for the free app of the day since it had Shoutcast capabillities. It's smooth, awesome and works well. I recommend it. There are free radio apps that are good, too, but this one seems to run more smoothly and you actually get Shoutcast stations, which are hard to find free like this on Android. Not that this is free now.I like how the search feature searches songs that the stations are playing instead of the station name, but it would be nice if I could search the station name, too."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is another solid internet radio app with a gorgeous interface. My favorite radio apps are iHeart and Tunein for local radio. Xiialive has a wider variety of radio stations not found on either iHeart or Tunein. I searched for some of my favorite local stations I use in the other 2 apps and they are not available in xiialive.So instead of using xiialive to replace the other 2 which is what I had hoped it looks like it will compliment the other two apps.UPDATE: This is the FASTEST radio internet app I have used. I don't know how the devs did it but unlike the other internet radio apps you usually have to deal with the connection first then the buffering of the audio. With xiialive I have NOT encountered any buffering or connection issues. Playback is nearly instantaneous. I tried it from a range of radio stations from around the world including different genres and as soon as I selected the station the audio appeared."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm a huge music and radio streamer. I have 4 apps I already use for varying proposes being Pandora, Grooveshark, TuneIn and 8 Tracks. This app is particularly well built and functions rather well. It's got a great UI and it's easy to understand. There's plenty of stations to listen to. Found local and international stations I'm already a fan of. All that said this app simply doesn't bring anything to the table that I don't already have the ability to do and doesn't pack enough to replace any of the apps I have. I'd recommend any of the 4 aforementioned apps before recommending this one but this is one solid app in it's own right. 4 stars!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is fun game worth the download.  It is free after all.  Very low-budget look to it but still fun.  Inconsistent as far as how challenging the levels are but not a huge deal.  For example, I will blow through like 10 levels in 5 minutes but then randomly get stuck on one for forever.  And then after that one a bunch more easy ones.  To me the game seems to easy but I still play it.  And it still gets 5 stars from me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works on the Kyros!This was one of the first apps I purchased, and although I don't use it often, it's just fun to have. I suspect that this is designed more for a phone, but it works perfectly on the Kyros tablet as well. Bonus points: There's even a candle/floating flame!Other neato, completely useless fun things: You can set the color to anything you choose. There are several animated options as well, including a HYPNOTIZING SPIRAL.I keep hoping for a rave, so I can whip this out and be like ubercool. Being in my forties, I don't get invited to those as often as I'd like, but at least I'm now prepared."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I played all the levels and didn't find that there was any bias to the computer rolling more doubles than myself....also, I only consider myself to be a slightly above average player and find it rather easy to beat the computer at level 5.  So either I'm a better player than I think I am or the game's AI  could stand a little improvement. That said, the game is an enjoyable time killer and seems to work flawlessly without any bugs or glitches.  The operation and animation is smooth and the controls are quite easy to use on even the smallest screened smartphone.  I'll be keeping this one in my game apps....at least until I find something better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I miss playing backgammon and this is a nice way to be able to play when I can't find a partner.  I enjoy playing and winning, so I just use the easier levels.  Occasionally the CPU will get some strange runs of doubles but looking at the stats shows that it is not that bad.  For people really wanting a challenge, I would suggest using a high difficultly level.  It makes some pretty stupid moves, like moving pieces in the home area to a better take off position while there are still pieces outside of the home area.  But maybe the harder difficultly level corrects that."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wasn't sure how easy it would be to play this on my mobile phone (Sprint LG LS670), but it is great.  Backgammon is my FAVORITE all time game.  It's easy and user friendly, if you already know how to play Backgammon.  You can choose which color you want to be (black or white) and you can pick whether you want to play from north to south or south to north. You can play the computer or a real person. There is a tutorial if you've never played Backgammon.  I highly recommend this game especially if you already know how to play!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is really fun if you are just looking for some fun while you are bored,  but I can see why you wouldn't like it if you are a big backgammon gamer. The dice rolls are a tad bit unacerate considering doubles happen a lot. I am not a huge gamer when it comes to backgammon so I love this game and I play it all of the time! My advice is to get it and try it out. If you don't like it, I mean, it's free!! ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really enjoy backgammon.  I remember playing it frequently with my dad, learning strategy....I have many reviews concerning this app and the &quot;AI cheats&quot;, especially at higher levels, is very common.Here are my stats after 61 matches played at level 4:Me  CPUMatches won -  56.  5Rounds won.  -  385  226Total Pts Scored -  669  488 (I ran up the doubling cube to 64 one game &amp; lost by 300+)Opponent Pcs Hit -  1297  1225Doubles Rolled -  2067  2009I have learned how the AI 'thinks' and have USED STRATEGY to defeat it.  Now, with that said, I don't play level 5 since I cannot seem to 'crack' the AI's [cheating]."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Unlike many games, the ads on this one do not bother me and I do not find them intrusive. This free version of backgammon is easy to play, but still challenging. It seems as if the computer \"learns\" from my moves; at least this is how I see it and it makes the game more challenging.  I have it on my phone and Kindle Fire. Many games look too small on a cell phone, making them difficult to play, but this one is not so it makes a good diversion while waiting in line or when I am sitting around, waiting at places such as an auto repair shop or doctor's office."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is an excellent version of backgammon.  Very easy to play or undo your moves.  Although, sometimes it really looks like the CPU is cheating, I do not believe it does.  I have beat this game so many more times than I have lost and I have played at level 4, a lot.  Plus, I have played many other backgammon computer games &amp; none compare to this one.  The higher the level the more the CPU uses classic strategy moves and it also hits your piece more, but that goes with any good board game.  All things considered this is a worth while game to down load and purchase."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is good for people who want to learn how to play and get a few ideas about strategies. Its not great and would give intermediate players wrong strategies. One thing I like, it does show players not to be too conservative. However it will double at the wrong time and take doubles it should not. I've been rated master, well 35 years ago, so I expect a lot lol. Its free, get it and learn to play, but not for serious players wanting to grow in ability.Entry level only. Well to relieve stress I play it to wipe it out. Then once in 7 series it beats me because I'm taking wild chances and because it starts throwing more doubles and getting perfect rolls. I guess there is luck, it sure gets lucky. :( I think programmed to do that once in a while."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "One of the best free apps out there. There are enough customizable options to make everyone happy. You have to work at it to lose on easy. On the hardest level, a win is a victory and the dice always roll in favor of the computer.  It is great that it has a 2 player option that you can use to pass it back and forth for live play. Best of all, it has a great interface that doesn't make you work hard to figure out how to play the darn thing!  The graphics are nice as well.  The free version is ad supported but they the ads aren't annoying and don't interfere with game play."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love playing backgammon but I have a hard time finding people in my house that like to play it as well. I love having this app on my Kindle Fire. It plays smoothly, offers five levels of difficulty and and can be a challenge.I tend to play risky and most of the time it pays off. But the programming gets the best of me sometimes and I have to yell at my Kindle and tell the game is it not playing nicely. Even though I often play mean. Maybe that's why others don't want to play with me? Hmmmm.A fun app that lets you chose whether your black or white (if you chose white you have to play upside down) and offers a doubling dice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app on my Kindle fire HD. Has nice graphics. Easy way to learn the game. After about 3 months and starting to play with a real board and real players, some problems become evident .  To increase levels of difficulty the computer just rolls statistically impossible rolls. Every time it rolls what it needs to hit an unguarded pip. Every time. And it's  strategy becomes very evident. I can predict every move from each roll.  A friend who has this app has also noticed these issues. After playing the real thing  this gets frustrating. And disappointing.  Still, it was a good way to learn and practice strategy."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Overall I think this is a good game. I agree with other comments about how it seems the computer gets more doubles than I, but the handy built in stats screen shows that both players get on average the same number of doubles. What I find annoying is that the computer seems to get more favourable rolls than I do. That is to say that I seem to sit on the bench longer if a guy is captured than the computer does. Ifyour losing to poorly though you can undo and change your moves knowing you both will still get the same rolls.  Like I said I like it overall, and for free who am I to complain?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I bought this for my fire. It was free :-) Now, I can't seem to put it down. I may have to soon, though, because I am playing the game at its highest level, and I am starting to win more often than not.A note: the game seems to give more doubles and favorable rolls to the opponent. The makers assure that the random number generator is really random, and they even offer a roll-your-own option for dice. But doesn't it always seem that you are getting worse rolls when you are losing. (Probably why you are losing).The two player feature would be a good option for plane trips and the like, when you don't want to risk loosing pieces."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The game itself is a little to easy.It's a quick easy time killer for when you don't have alot of time to kill, but you don't want to stare at the walls for 5 or 10 minutes. The graphics and physics are about par with this type of game. Some people may find the game boring because no death, destruction or mayhem occur in this game. It's straight up no frills vocabulary word search.You can't beat the price=FREE!!!This app has the following addons.Adware: AdSenseAnalytics: Google AnalyticsDeveloper Tools: noneSocial Gaming: noneReviewed on a Galaxy S2 Skyrocket 1.5 GHz dual core cpu, 1GB ram, 4.5&quot; screen and Gingerbread 2.3.6 OS."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am not a very serious backgammon player, so I cannot speak to the quality of the AI. I do know that it can beat me on level 5 if I play irresponsibly. Of course, sometimes I get lucky. I do know enough about backgammon to know that \"luck\" usually favors the better player. Yes, the dice matter, but it is more about what you do with the rolls you get.I find it fascinating to read accusations that the game \"cheats.\" I just played a game where I was way behind and rolled consecutive double 6s to get closer. I still lost, but I thought I would throw out this experience as evidence that the dice can come up with unusual rolls both ways.You just can't go too far wrong with the AI Factory games. I love their backgammon, checkers, and chess. I was thinking about buying this anyway, so I was very glad to get it as the FAOTD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The dice appear to be driven off a pre-seeded prng, since you can undo multiple rolls and then get exactly the same rolls again. That isn't technically buggy and they can legitimately claim to get a flat distribution over time, but it means players can cheat and therefore so can the computer.Secondly, the AI is defective. It's even worse than one I would write! That really REALLY needs fixing. Badly. It seems to have a lookahead of zero and a penchant for stacking everything on the last space. Either write a better AI (herustics, not fixed moves) or let it write its own (genetic algorithms)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I started playing backgammon in college nearly 40 years ago. In fact, I got pretty good; winning several championship tournaments. But, that, was a long time ago. I didn't remember how to play until I got this program for my kindle fire. I like it because it comes with different levels of play as well as instructions! I am now working my way up the levels and have begun sparring with the game's computer. I'm not ready for tournaments at the local assisted-living facility, yet!  But soon!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The AI has some serious strategy problems.  In the last game I played, it had all its remaining pieced on 1 and 2, and rolled double ones.  It should have removed 4 from the board, but instead moved 4 from the 2 position, to the 1 position.  Stupid.  Making up for this deficiency, the computer gets better rolls.  It doesn't get more doubles, but it gets higher totals, and usually gets exactly what it needs.  Still fun, but still flawed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It is totally slanted in favor of the computer oponent.  I play at the hardest board and doubles are rolled constantly by the computer opponent and I had zero doubles. also on opening roll, the &#34;good&#34; rolls, ie 4/6 3/5 6/5 etc are always ALWAYS given to the computer opponent........no random play of the dice ever, and when you use the doubling cube and it appears that you have a slam dunk at winning, all of a sudden, double after double on the dice shows up when it is the opponents play......really a waste of time, takes the fun out of playing by not having a random dice play,  awful........dont waste time or money,"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm thrilled to have a backgammon game to play that requires no human partner. Aside from the fact that I don't even know anyone who wants to play the game, the invisible computer is way faster than a human. And, the AI opponent doesn't get its circuits in a bunch if you put them on the bar repeatedly. The moves available light up, and that sure makes things easy on the eyes. Since I haven't played in a while, this is a great way to get reacquainted with the game and start working my way up the difficulty levels. Lots of fun to play for 5 minutes or an hour!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I picked this up a few days ago as another FAOTD (thank you, again, Amazon!).  I've always wanted to learn to play Backgammon, and though this app isn't really designed to &#34;teach&#34; it, it makes it very easy to learn.  The graphics are good, and the game play is quick.  There are several options that can affect the duration of a &#34;match.&#34;  You can have a quick one-game match, or you can play to 15 points, requiring several &#34;games.&#34;  After playing this, I'm ready to buy my first real Backgammon set (from Amazon, of course!)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Comp rolled double 5s then two double 6s in a row while I was rolling 1s and 2s to make 3.  With the best strat in the world it is impossible to beat that.  Nock his piece onto the bar, every time he rolls the exact number he needs to knock any of your uncovered pieces onto the bar in return. Undo to see if there is a way to cover... nope. Game just feels cheap.  Comp rolled 6 doubles in a single game to my 1.  This is common mind you.  Game is less fun when you feel like it cheats."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the world's all time leading cheater.  I have been playing backgammon for over 60yrs,  more than 1,000,000 games at least.  Statistics show that if you leave a spire open this app will hit you 90 / percent of the time. If you play this game as much as I do you know the statistical average is around  35 percent.  And wait until you get to a roll off,  count on the machine getting 3-4 doubles. They even have a disclaimer telling you why they are not cheating. This game is no fun.Grampyz"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to have the free app, and was happy to see this one on faod. the game itself is simple to play, focusing on great ui rather than fancy graphics. Level of play ranges from easy to medium, if you are professional backgammon player it will probably be too easy for you. It is, however, a good range for most.In terms of permissions, this is another great app by ai factory, which means no spyware and no intrusive permissions. I have purchased several of their apps before and this is no bait and switch, their apps stay permission free"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like the Backgammon app, but there are a few things that are quite annoying.  For example, when you roll doubles, you have no option to move two pieces at a time.  You have to make 4 separate moves, with each move involving at least 2 clicks.  that's 8 clicks for one move, which is too many.  Also, I started playing against the computer, with the difficulty set at 2.  Even though it's not the lowest setting, the computer played like a complete novice, passing up obvious moves in favor of idiotic ones.  Of course, this can be solved by simply setting the game at a higher difficulty, but it was still annoying.  I'll be looking for fixes in updates, so I haven't given up hope that this could become an outstanding app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For those old enough to remember games like this, enjoy!  The rest of you, welcome to a type of game that was all the rage when personal computers hit the scene.In this game you have to rely on your mind alone. Using a limited vocabulary, you navigate around the world and interact with it.  Find items to use, treasures to hoard, puzzles to solve, etc. It's an adventure, so the more you explore and discover, the more points you get.  Thankfully, you can pause the game and come back to it later when you need to, and can continue to play should your game self be killed (costs you points)If you're looking for flashy graphics and super fast gameplay, skip this one."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Don't get me wrong. This is a good game for those that completely love text based games. My problem is that the plot is so vague, it gets aggravating at time. Collect Treasure. That would be nice and all if I didn't get lost in the forest all the time. I know that it adds to the challenge but if and when I do want to leave, I get even more lost. Your &quot;guide&quot; needs a larger vocabulary because the words I am forced time and time again to use are so simple, I literally drop my Kindle Fire and stomp away in anger."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As far as text adventures go - this is pretty frustrating. If it's complicated puzzles don't get you, the random holes that seem to appear in dark areas will. Or better yet, try getting out of the labyrinth while keeping your sanity. Maybe you should take the game's advice - or wait, don't because usually it doesn't work. What's worse is that it actually retorts when you finally tell it to **** off. Strange, difficult, and taunts the player. Decide for yourself if its your thing or not."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is for those who are old enough to remember playing Colossal Cave Adventure (ADVENT) way back in the old days.  These days, graphics in games are the norm.  If you want an experience that's different than all the third-person shooters, then try this out.  It's very basic with its vocabulary, but if you can manage to get into it, it's a very enjoyable and very vivid adventure because the graphics are all in your head.  It's one of the best relics of interactive fiction.  Infocom games started out soon after this and are very similar.  It's a lot like Zork I, but a little different."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm assuming this application is a work in progress, as there are currently an odd mix of restaurants. The major places are covered of course, along with some various other places I'm not familiar with. If the dev continues to add to this list, it could prove to be a very extensive resource!The ability to sort by macronutrient or name is very cool. Good idea.The inclusion of some of the chain restaurants that aren't fast food would be very nice. I see applebees is there so it looks to be in the works.A utility in the program to request restaurants to add or even reference sources such as a url or something to make it easier for the dev to find and add more places would be icing on the cake.Cool application. I hope to see it grow.  For the health conscious out there, it's a no brainer on this free day!  (Thanks Amazon!)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This dev can do much better - check the features for the iPhone version. I concur with the critical reviews this has been getting.  This has a decent # of restaurants and the ability to sort by various fields (calories, etc.), but definitely needs way more. It doesn't actually count anything; you can't change menu items to subtract items like mayo(which many websites do); there's no real size selection; it is missing key details like saturated fat, sodium, & sugar; other reviews have noted inaccuracies & that it is out of date on some items; needs app 2 sd card; it should also have a \"favorites\" option for restaurants & menu items for quick look-up. Clearly an app like this is much-needed, but this doesn't fill the void. Other reviewers suggested My Fitness Pal, Calorie Counter & MyNetDiary apps; I'm going to check them out."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The app does what it says and it has a decent number of popular fast food chains. However, it is certainly not worth $2.99 for a few reasons.Pros: Easy to pick icon driven restaurant chooser. No ads.Cons: Only has 71 restaurants. Once you select the restaurant you get a basic menu driven list like most other apps. Only displays calories, fat, carbs, fiber and protein. So there is no report of saturated fat, vitamins, or other useful info. It only displays one item at a time, so adding up a meal would be a very arduous process that would require pen, paper, and probably a calculator. I could actually go on and on.Summary: Basically, there are a lot of other apps that do a better job, provide more information, are more useful, easier to use, and all around higher quality."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First you're restricted to the restaurants it has listed (no Red Robin for example). If you do choose from the list you don't get to choose sizes. If you happen to get the only size, it still doesn't count for you, it's just a lookup.Ultimately that's what this app is, a simple online menu lookup for some restaurants with only one size and no descriptions.There is a search feature, but really it's just a filter, you can't search across menus for instance.The first free app of the day where I'm sad that even though it was free to me Amazon is paying the dev 1/5th list price. Sorry Amazon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was hoping for more to come of this app as the idea of an app that can help you add up the caloric intake is a great idea, but this app could use some extra work.  I'm glad I picked this up for free and didn't pay the $2 for it.  I'll still keep it, and probably refer to it, but the interface is not all that great to work around and I really wish it would allow you to look at several food items at once so you can see everything.I do appreciate that it is more than calories, knowing how much fat, protein, carbs, and fiber is also useful.I hope they update this app, I would like to see it become more than it is."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I expected a lot more. Not sure if thats because other calorie counting apps have set the bar so high, or because this one is just that bad. The list of restaurants is extremely short. The app doesn't look like anything special, considering the dev's want money for it. It lacks so many features, features that every other app of this category have. There should be some sense of customizing meals. Even if they didn't go above and beyond, selecting 1 standard size for each item is ridiculous. Some of these fast food sites even let you build your meal and see the totals. Honestly, this is a poor excuse for a calorie counting app. Don't waste your time.Phone: Droid X(Android 2.2.1, Liberty 2.0.1)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Everyone else is right - this app is pretty bad. Almost every single one of these restaurants already has this information on their web sites, and most of those allow you to build a meal so that you can actually COUNT calories.This app is also sorely lacking in food and restaurants. The Arby's Angus Three Cheese and Bacon is missing, and I've been seeing commercials for that for several weeks now. Plus the restaurant Zaxby's isn't listed at all.Honestly this would be tolerable were this a free app, it really wouldn't be worth. 99, but frankly for the dev to charge 3 bucks for this is just downright insulting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's simple, It's dice... It's one of the best apps I've downloaded. It works fast and accurately on my lower end tablet and the interface is simple, but attractive. I love the musical tones when you \"hold\" a die and I love the sound when you \"roll\" the dice. The ability to change the colors of the game just adds to its appeal for me. I'm rocking my own little pink game of yahtzee AS I TYPE THIS. Then I'm going to head over and buy the paid version."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just downloaded and installed. I was amazed at how fast this app installed, I expected it to take longer because of the incredibly detailed images. All views are gorgeous on the Kindle Fire. Took me a couple of seconds to figure out how to get back to the view I wanted, but now that I have it figured out, I'm having no problems navigating around the app. Well worth the price. The only thing that doesn't seem to work on the Kindle Fire is the \"keep Earth stable as device is rotated.\" Although it could be that I don't understand that feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "first I would like to thank all my friends at amazon for the well wishes on a speedy recovery. I couldn't do it without you. today I left the hospital and on my way home I downloaded the faotd because it looked interesting. well im glad I did. when I got to the garage at me apartment I realized that about 1000 people must have moved im and all their cars were everywhere. so I grabbed my phone and started practicing after about level 14 I realized what I needed to do to get my car in a spot. thanks amazon I just wish everybody in my apartment building had this to so we could keep the garage organized."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I know the description says \"not compatible with Droid\", but one reviewer said it ran fine on his Droid Bionic, so I figured I'd try.  Big mistake - the app ran really slow, then even slower, then hung the phone completely. The only recourse at that point was too pull the battery and restart.  Some may think one star is unfair, given that the app is merely (not) performing as advertised, but there's really no excuse for this kind of behavior on one of the most popular Android platforms."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "the droid is not an old system, nor is it the newest! how can a developer miss the boat on this one?! this is sloppiness and/or laziness on behalf of concrete software. games like this can work on the droid... unblock me is a perfect example! and before everyone starts a lynch mob, stating I am affiliated with them, I am not. I am just a user who appreciates a good puzzle game... unless the developers are too lazy to make their app compatible with popular devices! shame on you concrete! 0 stars if I could! come back when you learn to work out apps for all droid devices, especially the most popular ones!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app has a problem. The permissions in the Amazon store version include read and write access, opening network slots, and accessing information about networks. The same app in the Google Market version also asks for information about phone calls, and accesses your phone ID. This is the *same* app with less permissions - why? Obviously the developer was worried that the app wouldn't pass Amazon's reviewers, since it looks like the developer really wants your phone info (why? To sell, would be my guess). So you download this app and soon after you are alerted that there is an update. Of course, the update might be a great way to revert the app to the original permissions that were specified in the Market version.Guess what happens when you update the app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Permissions are way too much to ask for to play a traffic puzzle game. Growing very tired of excessive invasion of privacy esp. for stuff like puzzles and games. Bad enough you have to give permission to important apps and utilities. No longer will I download any apps asking for the same types of permissions using excuses like feint and leader boards, bug reports, e-mail, all of it. Just a poor excuse to have access to data of value to sell & make up for lack of people buying the apps. Every single dev says they dont use the data they can access or make it available to data miner companies. So who is responsible for all the massive data stealing through apps? Nobody, so it must be the Spyware Fairy."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played this game before on the Android and the iPad. It is a fun, spacial puzzle game that has always challenged and entertained me. I hesitant to pick this up but then decided to give it a shot. I **LOVE** the graphics. I've never seen one look this good. The cars take on a more 3D tone than the other games I've tried.If you like this type of puzzle game, or are looking for a puzzle game to play, then you might want to try this one out."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have the parking lot game,different development team, that would play on my phone and tablet. Unforantly the graphics were poor on the ten inch screen. The author of this game did a great job on improving the graphics in this version.  Ironically my phone is a Droid Razr so per the developer's comments, I can only play this on my tablet and play the other version on my phone. Overall it is great game regardless of the eye candy and I highly recommend it for all ages. (Toshiba Thrive 3.2.1)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So when was the last time you walked out of the supermarket and your car was stuck between 3 BMWs, 2 limos and 4 SUVs that all look exactly the same and you had to go and move the cars around and not only that, but the exit HAS to be RIGHT in front of the car, because apparantly your car cant turn, but it apparently can deny physics by sliding left and right with no turning? No? Maybe if you are God. This seems to be a puzzle game for God, as it is nothing we humans can relate to.Would be better if it were a bit more realistic and put blocks or a host of other things than cars.If you are God and can relate to this, then its not a bad game, but very simple and has no depth. Special abilities, new mechanics, etc."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Reading some of the lame negative reviews on \"free app\" day, I almost didn't d'load it. I'm glad I gave it a try anyway. Can't figure out why anyone would rank this low, unless it just didn't work on their tablet or phone. Works great on Kindle Fire. Sort of difficult to put down, once I start playing the puzzles. Both in our family have enjoyed it already. I think this game is better on a tablet than paying 20 bucks for the plastic pieces and game cards for the board game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Well, I played 40+ puzzles, I guess it can't be bad. You might almost call it addicting. :-) It is a decent puzzle game, but somehow it feels a bit overdone. Can a game be too flashy or frilly?Regardless, this game will keep you occupied. I haven't played any of the other traffic puzzle games to give an accurate comparison. But, if you like puzzles or puzzle games you won't be disappointed getting this one as Free App of the Day. Whether it's worth paying for compared to the free alternatives, I can't say."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Although I got this free on Amazons Free App of the Day, I would gladly pay the buck for this many puzzles! The game is certainly fun &amp; addicting, no bones about it.I especially appreciated its thorough game settings &amp; instructions on how to play in the Menu. Many game apps lack this, making it difficult to play them.For those asking why &quot;the permissions&quot;? It's for sharing of your high scores online,  IF you chose to do so.If you like strategy type game puzzles then, I recommend giving this one a try."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just the right age group it was made for. My son is 2 and loves learning about the colors and numbers at the same time. I love that it has puzzle fruit, counting how many fruits go into the lunchbox, plus he's learning his small to biggest, and even his color groups. May not be a lot to some people, but it makes a little difference to a little person that loves learning everyday. I love this game for him and I have seen that he is learning a lot everyday."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is an almost perfect preschooler game. The screens are high definition, colorful and the animation is well done. The point of the game is to complete a set of three challenges in order to be rewarded with the child's choice of a sticker. Then repeat. The challenges range from counting to matching colors or fruits to a simple puzzle to memory games. They rotate randomly. All the while a cute little monkey dances on the screen when your child is successful.It is easy enough for my 2yr old and captivating enough for my 5yr old. It works well on all my devices from Thunderbolt to Galaxy Tab to Bionic.Well worth the cost."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This review is from the free app of the day. Overall a really nice app that is toddler and preschooler friendly. As mentioned before, only the home button works. I understand keeping it simple, but options such as volume on/off, difficulty level, etc would be nice. Too easy for older kids, too hard for younger, fits a very narrow age and skill range.With a little refining this app would be worth purchasing. Until then it is a honestly a little expensive.3 stars for current version and price4 stars if price drops to $0.99 or app is updated."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This program consists of about six single-screen puzzles, each with a few variations.  After about 10 minutes of play they begin to repeat.  As you move through the games there is no escalation in difficulty or any apparent attempt to select the \"next\" puzzle based on previous puzzles or the child's success at solving them.In our case my 4-year old daughter got bored even before the first sequence was completed.  A little ways after the puzzles began to repeat she closed the app and wanted to watch a movie.On the plus side, this app is \"solid\" (no bugs and with a finished appearance).  It also does *not* need any kind of Internet connection to run.  (Some reviewers said it did and I expect they may have been using an earlier version.)  Finally, it runs just fine on my Samsung Galaxy 10.1 tablet.In summary, it is good for at least one fairly short sitting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Good: My 3 year old loves it.  It was fun, interactive, and she got the concept quickly.  Graphics are cool, as are the sticker rewards.Bad: It does get repetitive at times, so a few more challenges or variety would be nice.  Also, it turns off your screen saver as well as your ability to exit the app, so the only way to stop it is to turn off the phone, turn the phone back on, and then kill it, so it's murder on your battery life."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app works fine. I gave it four stars because there is no option to work on one kind of game at a time.To all the teenagers that rated the app one star because they are mad it is a kids game, get a life.  You need to rate apps based on their quality in that category and for giving the user what it said it would. This is for adults to entertain their children with. And I really wish everyone would stop whining about amazon, it is old, this isn't a forum for you to bit.. about amazon and what free app they are giving you, it is a place to rate said app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app when it was free, but it is definitely worth the $2 asking price. Interface is pretty solid, colors are bright, voices are annoying; all the things that hold a child's attention. I feel this does a good job of teaching simple shapes, colors, and counting.Basically this is a collection of mini games for your little one. Every few mini games, it rewards you with a sticker, which you paste on a wall and immediately go back to mini games. Shape puzzles are smooth and easy for my three year old, counting is maybe a little automated as it doesn't encourage you to follow along as it counts when you tap the fruits. It is educational until your little angel can count to 20 on his or her own, but even then it's entertaining and anything that buys me an extra ten minutes of peace at the grocery store check-out is worth two bucks!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My older daughter loves this game.  I don't know what draws her to it, if it's the graphics or the sounds, but she did learn how to match objects for other games I got later based on this one.  At 2 years old, this game drove her to figure out how to understand matching fruit and with other games she never really cared.  I don't like the short 10-second recycled music song that constantly plays (it's not annoying, just too short), but the animation works well and it has a lot of variety.  Great job on the developer part for getting this \"formula\" right."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "5 year old grandaughter who will start kindergarten liked this app for several days and it kept her busy for part of a long aiplane flight. It was a bit on the easy side for her and she has since gone on to other apps.There are other reviews that tell exactly what this app does.  It can be a nice fun learning opportunity for a child.Grandaughter does like earning the stickers!UPDATE:  2 year old triplets first time on my phone. Not everything was mastered the first time, but they loved this app!!Update:  After using this probably twice a week for 6 weeks or so, the triplets have totally mastered this.  While they still enjoy it for a short time, they are moving on to other apps.  Would love suggestions for suitable apps to try."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Out of all the things I have put on my Kindle this is by far the best.  A fellow teacher had her son and mother-in-law with her at school one day.  My grandson is the same age as her son.  We were talking about apps and games for our three-year-olds.  Her mother-in-law recommended this game.  I got it for my grandsons (both age 3) to play when visiting. After my son saw it he purchased it for his son.  It is educational, fun and they learn to play it as they go.  This should be a must on every tablet, computer or other device if you have preschoolers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "One of my grandkids is a big Curious George fan so I had to give this game a try and cannot help but compare to theJumpstart Preschool 1 Free - Preschool Educational Appgames.  What I like about these games are that they help with counting skills and matching games that the Jumpstart games do not provide.  In addition, the puzzle game in Monkey Preschool is much easier to pick up; in the Jumpstart puzzle game you are allowed to pile puzzle pieces on top of each other and on top of the pattern so that key clues are covered.  With the Monkey Preschool, the pieces snap back to the pickup pile and do not become piled up so all the pieces are out in the open and easy to compare with the pattern.  Although the Jumpstart games are a lot of fun, the Monkey Preschool games have an overall edge in ease of learning the concepts and in the breadth of skills."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First time I turned it on it had a bunch of readings about teriyaki, then my parents brought home teriyaki... then it said a weird word that I looked up, it ment ringing of bells, and I was ringing a bell... then I went to my friends house and she thought her house was haunted, turned it on and waited for it to get used to the house, started out ok then, it said I control we and a bunch I mean a bunch of red dots appeared, I turned it off because my friend was scared to death, then I turned it back on an hour later and it said demon and had a red dot right behind me... never using it again..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "From what ive heard, these ghost word generators can be eerily accurate, which may be a sign of true paranormal activity. It could just be plain cooincidence too. Either way, ask your friends about personal ouija board experiences. Using Ouija boards have been reported to cause anything from hauntings to possesion, and honestly what is a ouija board but cardboard with numbers and letters drawn on it? My point is, using things for the intent of talking to otherworldly creatures might bring trouble your way...especialy on a computer program like this. Also, the battery life issues are probably just the program using alot of power, but ghosts reportedly drain battery power, so it could be a sign of true activity if the power gets low while getting accurate word hits."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I always enjoy watching Ghost Adventures and The Dead Files so downloaded this free for the fun of using it. When my son used it he got some action and a few words so he enjoyed playing with it. When I used it nothing, but still one of those things that is fun to pull out when you are bored to waste a little time. We have not tried it outside the home. I would like to point out that even the expert ghost hunters don't get action everytime they do a lockdown at a location so just have fun with it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't really believe in ghosts but after this app I might. So first we had a power outage and it ended up saying &quot;solar&quot; then &quot;mistake&quot;. Also it said &quot;Christmas&quot; and I know that Christmas is coming up. Plus I was in a room at night with my friends and it said &quot;visitor&quot; so we got scared and went into the kitchen and my friend was messing around with a bucket then it said &quot;bucket&quot; which also creeper me out but I think it's worth it and pretty fun but at night it can definitely give you a scare."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this and was sitting on my couch. nothing was going on so I turned off my kindle fire but the app was still running.  as I was going downstairs it said &quot; connected &quot; I didn't know that it talked so iwas freaked out and ran away. after making sure the app was closed I went back yo the stairs and saw my sister's ipod. weird. I continued down the stairs to get my ferret. her name is snickers. I Used to have a ferret named giggles. she died in her cage. but when I was by her cage the words &quot; giggles, owner, friend, and cage &quot; SHowed up but there was only one dot right where I found here. a very cruel coincident I would say."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this, and it was talking away. I don't know if it is real but some things it says are just too relevant. Get it and try and see what you think. I got this one and liked it so much I moved on to the $1.99 upgrade and I am very pleased with all the extras it has. I still use this one. My friends are really interested to see it. This version is easy to use. I said some things after I asked a question, and they were right on the money. Creeepy!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app. Me and my Nana play around with it a lot, and we both believe in ghost/spirits. One time my Nana was cleaning the house, and I turn this app on while she was vacuuming. Then a red dot appeared and the word &quot;Attempt&quot; popped up. A second later the word &quot;organization&quot; appeared. I thought about my Nana cleaning the house and that attempt organization means clean house. After that &quot;wherever&quot; popped up and I thought it was saying clean the house wherever it needs to be cleaned. I think this app is pretty cool!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I recently acquired some belongings of a world war II fighter pilot and stored them in my basement. since then I have noticed odd things happening down there. I decided to test this. for two nights I launched the app in different areas of the house. nothing happened. I then took it downstairs and launched near the pilots belongings. I got a green dot and the word massage came up. I looked down and my cat was at my feet. my mother then told me to come upstairs but I didn't want to. the green dot turned red and the word torn appeared. FREAKING AWESOME!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I stumbled upon this app and I just had to try it! I'm like obsessed with these ghost paranormal things! I got it and after two days I got it these words popped up on the screen like, &quot;these&quot; &quot;leaf&quot; &quot;happened&quot; and &quot;vapor&quot; I was not sure what it meant cuz it didn't make sense and after the word vapor appeared I heard this loud crash from my storm door!  CREEPY!  If u r really interested in paranormal stuff like me u should TOTALLY get this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ok so my friends house she thinks it's haunted so we took my kindle there and so many ghosts came up!!! We where terrified!!!!  But I don't get what red,blue,yellow,or green means?  I wish it would tell u!  But this is an awesome app and my house is like not full of ghosts but ya.  Talk to u later. :)  :) :)Have fun finding out your house is........HAUNTED!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ok, so my friend was visiting the other day...she's British.I held up my kindle with the ghost radar running and I'm not pulling anyone's leg, it said 'British', and we held it up to my cousin, who's very tall and very athletic and it said 'sport'. then 2 days ago, I put on my living room floor (it seems to really like my living room) and it said 'dog', my dog was sleeping just a couple feet away. And sometimes it'll say random things like 'kite' and 'child' when neither of those things are around. so I'm skeptical as to whether or not this is real or for just entertainment purposes...nonetheless, it's creepy when it's accurate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "omg this app freacked me out i was in a hotel room with my mommy and the thing seid : burn,hurt,nacked,and murders ?? that night ( we where in florida)  so like,  then to hours later the hotel burnt down!!! omg!!!! then a deleted the app.Befor i deleted it i had a couple more weird things happen one more was when i was in my room and i decided to open the app thincking it was a fool kind of stupid app.  ( its not) . but i was in my bed and it seid : lexi my sister thats her name so the next dat she was in the hospital with stiches!!! CREEPY CREEPY CREEPY! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is really nice! :)) Me and.my family were in the living room...my dad.on his laptop, my sister playing around and watching the movie at the same time, my mom watching the movie too, while me... I was searching for apps as usual. it was 5:50 so it was kinda dark outside and the lights were off inside in our living room si ot looks nicer watching. I just got this app and when I opened ot one word came up and said darkness! :))) A must-have!! :))))"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Whether or not you believe, this app will DEFINITELY make you question the possibilities! Eerily relevant responses from &quot;the unseen realm&quot;! Seriously, though, I bought this as a lark, expecting very little. However, within minutes of starting the radar, I was quite unnerved by some of the words coming through.Also, I know plenty of Kindle Fire users are complaining about not having a microphone to pick up voices, but I find that to be a benefit, as the app can't confuse random surrounding sounds as possible voices. O simply explain out loud that any entity that wishes to communicate can simply use the Kindle to speak to me. I have had very impressive sessions with different people, and different locations, each situation having different interactions, and outcomes.Just give it a fair try, and I promise you shouldn't be disappointed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While I have yet to get an answer to a question it does give you responses and some of them are the oddest words. The word bank must be huge. I have kept it for fun and have even put it on my android. I have had both on together but not picked up the same thing in the same place or gotten the same word on both in fact I have not heard the same word twice on one device or any of the three together (wife's android). So i feel that a random generator/selector is not part of the program since most of those things &#34;pick&#34;  the same word from time to time. just try it what can it hurt?!?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a kindle fire and it doesn't haves microphone.... it took forever to get &quot;duck&quot; from it and like a minute later my lil bro came in and threw a toy at me. couinsidence... my point is that a kindle.fire doesn't have a microphone and if it doesn't have that it cant pick up anything from a &quot;ghost&quot; I also live in an apartment.... Haha FAKE DONT BUY IT RIP OFF EVEN THOUGH ITS TOTALLY FREE ITS JUST GONNA TAKE YOUR APP SPACE UP DONT GET IT!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "so I got this app today and have bin playing it on and off for about 2 or 3 hours I think that it is really a neat app but to be honest we just got our house built like 6 months ago and the chances that I have about 6 apperitions in our house is really slim. But I like to think that it may be a spirit attached to an antique that we may have. I honestly think that that would be really awesome but I'm not getting much clues because the only words I got where pink, shelf, automobile, soldier was a good one and my first one i also got fourth, fellow, and some other bland words."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Wow. I just had this app on and went into my kitchen when it went haywire with words and letters and warnings. It had red, green, yellow, and strange blue dots all over the screen. It was awesome. I really recommend this app. It is lots of fun and I am glad I got it :)Note: Review is from my daughter.  Thus far it seems to do really well, saying \"Father\" when I am in the room, and saying, \"metal\" when her Mom is in the room.  Her Mom had a metal rod in her leg when she was younger and it still messes up antennae TV signals when she is near them.  Thus this is a more interesting version then older ones I have been exposed to &lt;--This last part is me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "don't get its like a wigi board a portal from the spirit world the ghost(s) will follow you and the people you share this app with everywhere you go and haunt you and friends I have been seeing things and so have my friends. I've been seeing a blue orb, my friend is hearing foot steps outside her room when there's nobody outside her room and she's seeing a girl in the middle of the night, our other friend is seeing buses on a brick wall and a black mist, our other friend is seeing fugues, and our final friend is also seeing buses on the same brick wall. DO NOT GET THIS APP!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app for 2 reasons: it was free, and it looked cool. But it got annoying. All it was, really, was a green radar that showed little dots every so often. I quickly got bored with it and deleted it. Afterwards, I was persuaded to actually BUYING the other version of Ghost Radar, which was supposedly &quot;better.&quot; Sure, it was a little cooler. You could go back and forth from the classic radar and an activity waves line graph. It also &quot;translated the ghosts messages to you,&quot; which I actually believed for a while. But don't believe a word of it, people. The radar does not &quot;sense&quot; anything. If you want an app that you can just use for fun, go ahead. But it does NOT sense ghosts. Just saying whaylt your gut is screaming."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the most awesome and accurate ghost app ever! I had the radar turned on in the living room while sitting beside my sister. Suddenly a dot appeared (forgot what color it was) and said &amp;#34;iron&amp;#34;. I looked over at my sister, who was playing Minecraft on her Kindle, and she was PLACING IRON BLOCKS! I screamed and showed my sister. Another thing happened when my friend, whose grandmother had passed earlier, was wearing a necklace her grandma had given her. I examined it with the radar on and it said &amp;#34;saved&amp;#34; and &amp;#34;grandmother&amp;#34;. OMG!! You MUST get this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "okay so I was at my great grandmas house and I put it by her doll case (she makes dolls by hand) and 6 dots showed up and it said &quot;child&quot; and that was reallllly creepy. I think it works I just like it because its entertaining. I just did it again and a red dot showed up in my room and it said &quot;yard&quot; and that's where my dog Is burried. I loved my dog a lot too. he died in December. first day of winter break at school. (he was a Corgi blue healer mix so he was like a giant corgi)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It works. I'm sure my neighbor's house is haunted. Why? Because I was walking by his house (his name is Paul) and a red dot came in his house and the word Paul came up. I got chicken skin and I ignored it. Paul's son is named David, and I said I would laugh if the word David came up. As soon as I said laugh, the word laugh came up. Now I really cot creeped out. Later, I found out the house was built in the early 1900s and in an epidemic of small pox that affected most of Honolulu's Chinatown, some people died..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "if u r a scaredy cat and cant handle scary stuff don't get it.it is that simple I seriously don't get why people think its fun to be scared I mean like you are worried what's going happen just live your life with a clean diaper Ps I think all you horror movie makers are sick and twisted my friend at school said when she was five she saw  a little&quot;ghost&quot;girl with a jump rope please give me a break people should have better things to do than sit their with a poopy diaper cause you are so scared and you are just sitting there in fear that a &quot;ghost&quot;will be in there"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay so I bought this app and was like cool whatever and ignored it for a while. Today I looked at it in my room and I got a little activity. This is wat I got:(Top left corner activity level125) none realize | spreading log fire trouble | after that I was like woah is this real?and gotten word understanding. I shrieked and shut it off. Later I was watching the news when I saw a news report about a log fire at a camping sight. It had started 5 minutes before I started getting activity. Supposedly, some teenagers at a site  were  messing  around and then went to bed. None of the realized a fire had started and one of the teens was rushed to the hospital. So yea. Awesome app"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ok people, God is real, the devil is real, and angels are real. So are spirits! Sometimes ghosts seek revenge, or they are friendly. This app is real. Here are what the signals : red, it is very strong. Yellow, strong. Green, weaker. Blue, barely there. This is real. Here's what it did to me one time: I was on my kindle fire on the couch, and it said &quot;wind&quot;. I thought it meant something, so I went to the weather channel. Believe it or not, but there was a big tornado watch in the south, thank goodness I don't live down there. I'm never trying in my bedroom, though. I'm afraid. I admit it. But this app is real. Trust me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "um... so a couple weeks ago i had a friend over and she told me to put on the ghost hunter app well i did and i havethis bracelet on my ankle i took it off and the ghost detector said push with a red dot and so i got up to put tue bracelet back on all of a sudden it felt like some one pushed me (i didnt get hurt) i asked my friend if she pushed me and she said no. and i can tell when she is lying. so its creepy u ppl should get it"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was heading to my cousins birthday party and had this app up an I was staring at the screen and nothing else and then right in front there was a red dot and it said wreck I look up and there was a car wreck right in front of us! Later (still on my way) a little to the left I see a yellow dot and it said holy I look up a little to the left in front of us there's a church! If your littler and its at night and your looking at this app it will scare you to death!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "You know why you can't get it on Kindle Fire? It doesn't have a camera, and all devices you can download on do. It utilizes the camera without you knowing, and it identifies the object and says the word. This explains why it needs so much information- it wires to the camera. I didn't realize this until I read you couldn't get it on the fire and it uses a lot of info. If you don't beleive me, you don't, but an app can't utilize 1,000-5,000 dollar equipment."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been constantly dreaming of my mom and feeling haunted by her.  she died 11 years ago. I ran across this app today and had to try it.  I recently got a new wedding ring that I have been walking around my house gazing at.  a red dot appeared today and the word Mrs. was spoken!  the question of my ex appeared (his name)  followed by Available.  key words that only I would understand kept appearing.  my oldest son was a baby when my mother died. I allowed him to try and speak with her,  a red dot appeared and the word Giant and My was said.  too many on point coincidences for me.  I say it is worth the download if you are curious.  But be careful!  you never know what or who you are inviting in your home."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "so I lived in this house and we new it had a ghost or 10 so I got this app to see if it works and there was a lot of red dots and my dad moved in with us not to long ago and his name is mark and then he left for work one day and me and my mom pulled out my kindle fire we were playing around with the app and then it said &quot;sunlight,MARK,help, leave &quot;and we had just bot a new home and we think it is mad we r moving and now it keeps hurting us so we don't move.this app works well get it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This would be great for kids at a slumber party or for really naive adults who believe every speck of dust in a picture is an orb.I bought the free version and I liked it well enough and then I bought the paid version which is no different from the free version in any noticeable way.With the paid version, it's almost as though it is setup to shoot out random words and phrases at a certain interval. Maybe they thought people would get their moneys worth that way to give people who paid for it more fake excitement? It seems that way to me.If you're into the paranormal, I would download the free version just if you're curious but don't buy the paid version. The free version is better, in my opinion.Don't expect this to be a serious tool--it's just a toy."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app used to work great for me. I searched out many spirits, most of whom became fast friends (well, some of them were a bit decayed and they weren't so fast).My issues began after my recent demise in a construction accident. I wound up in a number of pieces. It can be quite challenging to keep track of all of them. This application does an adequate job of finding the big pieces like my legs but isn't sensitive enough for my fingers and nose. Since the little pieces are the ones that usually get lost, this is a serious drawback."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I tried this program out just for fun. well the radar was showing large amounts of activity around me- and to make matters worse it was giving me back snippets of my own thoughts! Like when i thought it was weird, it gave back WEIRD. when i thought ha ha that's kinda creepy it gave back CREEPY. I thought about ice cream just to mess with the train of thoughts, and it gave back DAIRY,  followed by COLD afterwards.Then it hit me. I am a ghost.It took some remembering, but i died years back in a car accident, and i had been in denial this whole time.Thanks to this app, i was able to realize that i had passed on, and finally cross over. well. not yet. i am writing this before i finally rest. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It is a fun app but at the same time it never stops!  All day I get messages of \"words spoken\".  It never shuts off and keeps going.  When words are spoken it never makes sense at all.  I'll get \"fire\" \"Norway\" \"also\", it just throws random words out.  But I do like it the kids have a lot of fun with it so I let them go on their own ghost adventure.  So for fun factor I gave it 3 stars.  Obviously it's not real and I never expected it to be but when I shut down an app in my phone I would like it to stop."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Thanks to this app I found out that my house is haunted.While I was working on my computer I fired this app up having no idea what to expect. I clicked on the \"Radar\" button and it showed 3 blue dots to my right, and 2 yellow ones in front of me. Then my phone says, \"Ignore\". I figure it's telling me to ignore the dots. (Which I assume were ghosts)?Then my phone starts popping off word after word. Are these ghosts having a conversation? It seemed like all nonsensical words. Well after a couple of minutes of this I said aloud, \"Go away ghosts, I'm trying to work here!\"Suddenly the radar went blank and for the next 20 minutes not another word came out of my phone. I finished my work and turned the app off.Freaky Man!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So I just got this app today and as soon as I got on it, a word popped up said Sit. Which was weird bc I was sitting. so I started to say some names. names I said Grandma Brown, Grandpa Brown, Ben, Grandpa Wallace. then it popped up a word saying Fewer. then a few words came up I didn't understand like Fox, Entry and Simply. then I asked who this was and it popped up Dan Just now. It really creeped me out bc my dads name is Dan (he has not passed yet). Going to wait it out before I make my review a 5 star. I really recommend getting this app if you are into parnormal stuff."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "OK, wow. I have a couple tales to tell:When I felt like something was wrong, I went outside and the ghost radar said &quot;safe&quot; which made me happy for some odd reason.The next time I used it, the radar said &quot;press&quot;, and you know when you press the screen it automatically goes to the tracking thing, so I did and it showed a green orb sitting by me. So... that was.... weird.Last of all, It showed to red orbs where my smoking neighbors were. I knew they were evil...That's pretty much it so far. I recommend this for a lot of people, it's fun."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Fun app, I wish the vox mode would still be scanning while I look at the radar, so that I can compare the two to see what's the ghosts intentions are.  I started wearing clothes aroused the house because the ghosts were making me feel selfconcious.The first word that came out for me was not fart, but it was the second.  Some eerily accurate words.  It said the word power right before I unplugged it from the wall.Fun app, solid, entertaining, HTC EVOthe nudist"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "O. M. G!!!!!! Ok, so, like I wanted to like, see if this thing like, actually, like, worked, ya know? So, I like, killed my brother, and I like, turned on the ghost radar thingy. And, like, OMG OMG OMG! It, like, only showed like, one dot thingy, and it was like, my brother! And, like, it showed all the like, words and stuff, and like, he was like, saying stuff like &quot;Omg&quot; &quot;Why&quot; &quot;Hate&quot; &quot;You&quot; &quot;You&quot; &quot;Did&quot; &quot;For&quot; &quot;Stupid&quot; &quot;App&quot; &quot;So&quot; &quot;Stupid&quot; &quot;Hate&quot; &quot;I&quot; &quot;cant&quot; &quot;believe&quot; &quot;you&quot; OMG OMG OMG!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Sometimes the words it gives you are creepier than playing on a ouija board. For instance: it said my dad's name. I haven't had contact with him in about 5 years. That night I see that he found me on Facebook and sent me a (20 days late) birthday message. I can't decide if I believe in the astronomical odds against that coincidence, or if there was something supernatural about it.If you don't believe in the ghost thing at all, I still say download it. You will probably have fun with it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got the game after reading the reviews and thought it would be fun just to try it even though I was pretty certain it was bogus.  A part of me sorta hoped that my little brother would find some way to communicate with me even though I know the kindle doesn't have a microphone. See he killed himself last July and I miss him so badly. Anyways, I started the game and walked around and got some random words like question and paragraph. I got bored and sat on the couch. Not much happened after that so I figured it needed movement so I started shaking it. Soon words came popping out but I froze when the word brother came up. The next word was beside. I kid you not! I couldn't help tearing up even though it was probably just random words that happened to sync up. Nothing interesting after that but it shook me a little."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "At first but it &quot;told&quot; me a lot of things that noone would know about. I turned it on this morning and one of the first things it said was, &quot;court&quot; holy cow!! My husband is in court this morning !! How would a simple app know my husband was in court??? I didn't download this until late last night, long after we were discusing his case. It also mentioned several other things that noone knew about let alone what seemed to be a cheesy app - believe me its not. It works. I even got 3 different names of spirits that may be here. Yes, we have A LOT of paranormal activity here.Yes I do believe in ghosts, I did before the app but this app is making me even more of a believer!!!What's even freakier is that I had gotten this app from getjar for free, the exact same app as this free app of the day and its free on Amazon today. I downloaded it late last night."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Im not saying I don't or do believe is ghosts. lets make that clear. but the point if this app I think is mote to just have fun. I mean seriously out the pal on your kids phone let them have fun with it. it's not the real deal. cause lets say ghost are real and the pros who have big equipment well. that equipment costs thousands of dollar's. now do you really think a phone even as advanced as the evo 3d which I have is capable of matching the hardware as of the pros? No. it's not. so I believe this app is not yo be taken serious but as just getbsome laughs out and dont be afraid to let the child inside of you out and just have some good ole fun.Deuces everybody DJ Collyder out and happy Halloween"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay, this is a perfect app for Halloween! My little nieces and nephew will get a kick out of it. Wanna know why? Because anyone thinking that a 99 cent app with actually detect real ghosts is insane. This is a funny little app that I rank right up there with the Magic 8 Ball. A cool bit of fun for the holiday.Those of you who are whining that it doesn't work for &quot;real ghosts&quot;? Stop it. Either call those ghost dudes on tv, or better yet use that money for therapy. You're welcome."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "there was a ghost in the room, we could feel its presence so I turned this app on and it confirmed that there were actually five ghosts in the room. My uncle is a professional ghost hunter who removes ghosts. He normally uses seventy thousand dollar worth of equipment, including a quantum flux integrator which he designed himself, he says this app is better than all of his equipment, and makes his fancy stuff obsolete. My uncle says if you have ghosts, you should call him, he will remove the ghosts for a small fee. Mom says he's a charlatan. I don't know what that word means but I'm sure it's something nice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was willing to overlook certain things and believe in this app because I really wanted to. but it became really obvious it was stealing info when it started giving me words from my anthropology lecture that I had read a few hours earlier.  words like sister, brother, century etc. would have been interesting if their origin wasn't so aparent. then i got that odd name evreryone talks about on here ..(brownyn?.) and knew for sure this is fake. so the word part is crap, but id like to still believe the blips on the radar have some meaning!?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The title says it all. The reason I didn't give it a better score was not because of what it is or what is was supposed to be or do. It was just for fun.  It was because of the way it worked. It used way to much system resources and was nearly impossible to turn off. On more than one occasion I had thought I had turned it off only to find it still running in the background. I couldn't find any setting to shut it off on exit. I had to use the app killer installed in order to close it. Quite annoying."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I purchased this app because I had always heard my friends talk about how on several occasions they had used it and had gotten spooked by it. Well after using it myself several times. The words it revealed did not make much sense to me. Last night while I was sitting reading a book, It said the words sit, book, and  drink. On the side of my chair I had a glass of tea. It gave me the creeps, I felt like I was being watched! I recommend this app to everyone or anyone that has ever doubted that their is such a thing as spiritual presence living among us."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app was cute/silly as a Halloween joke/toy, but I can't believe anyone would believe in what is 'says' or that anyone would pay for it [I got it as Amazon's Free App Of The Day]. Every few seconds it 'says' random words, and keeps a list of them, which you're supposed to believe are being said by ghosts/spirits. While I believe in ghosts, I don't believe in this app. It was fun for about 10-15 minutes before I uninstalled it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this on my Kindle Fire, Loading and use are flawless. I am part of a paranormal research team and this is soooo much better than a ghost box. If you use it where there's nothing there, you get random words, but if you use it in the right place it's great ! Just give it about a 1/2 hour to adjust to the envirorment before you take it seriously. I also like the radar so you can see any energy that is around. We assume these are equal to the orbs we get on video. It also keeps a history of \"words spoken\" so you don't even have to be with it. You can review them later. It will run 3 to 4 hrs. which is plenty of time for an investigation. LOVE IT !!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First off, for those that cared to read the description, it's for entertainment purposes ONLY.No, it's not real.No, it doesn't really detect ghosts.No, you're not going to be able to talk to your great grammy.We've been playing with it in the office and, while it's not a permanent addition to my phone, it's added a little enjoyment to an otherwise boring, dreary day. I haven't figured out the advanced options yet but the \"Info\" and \"FAQ\" are better than most. It's straightforward and tells you that it \"does NOT detect EMF nor gravity\".Just in time for Halloween... I think the kids will enjoy this the most. Can't wait to see them walking around the house, trying to find ghosts in the dark. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "ok, so I downloaded the FREE version and received some pretty interesting stuff. it words like funny, author, look, letter, william and lastly concerned. here's the scoop, my dog Astinos has something going on with his skin that I've been concerned about. I've got student loan ugly face letters that I'm avoiding opening like the plague, I do write pretty funny texts to my friends daily, and as for William...I'm clueless. Some of this is, you'll pardon the pun, dead on but hell, creepiest thing is the digital voice. What do the different colored dots mean? One showed up blue with a red circle around it. If my phone rings right now I'm gonna pee my pants. Get this app. It's fun to me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Used the ghost radar and thought it was a joke. Found nothing in shed, backyard (where I buried my pet mouse george). Then when my homie Wilbur came over he messed around with the settings. Then sure enough, after smashing some keystone light cans on out heads, and jamming some Megadeath, and it found ghosts in the basement! we called over my friend chuck who can make contact with ghosts and who has crop circles on his farm and has had his rectum probed by aliens first hands, he spoke with the ghosts and said the house was built on a sacred Indian burial grounds with treasures from Christopher Columbus. Wibur and I said screw it, and I'm leasing the house anyways so we jack hammered the foundation. After hours of digging we found real gold coins..... We're poring the concrete back now......"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is so much fun for me and I like to use it everywhere. Restaurants, while in line anywhere, outside, peoples houses, in the car (as a passenger only), pshh, I like to bring out my ghost radar everywhere. It has given me words that were creepily accurate. Recommend it for any paranormal lover or for people who are into this sort of thing. Of course when I tell friends, family, and strangers about it they laugh, roll their eyes, and try to tell me it's just hooplah but they shan't take away my joy that the ghost radar provides me. Don't expect a million ghosts all at once giving you tons of words. Just give it some time and they'll show up give words at 'their' own pace. This is the first app I ever downloaded when I got a smartphone, so it will always be special to me ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Reviews are better than the app so it was worth the purchase price of zero..Got my money's worth. Gave it a 4 rating because the reviews were soooo funnyMy radar said I had a flat tongue and the police were going to act at the store. That is what I got from : police, store, act, tongue, flat. Love it...great timing for halloween. Don't let it creap you out it's just entertainment. Laugh a little. Keep the cool reviews commingled...oh...wait...incomming...message : Whatever you do give it your all...except when you are giving blood. hahahaha{^_-}"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "its stupid and pointless and ghost aren't even reel when you die you go to heaven or hell you cant go around the earth when your dead!!!! this is crape its totally stupid and its not real how would the developer get the app to sense all that stuff its crape lies!!! I mean seriously if your stupid enough to beloved this *omg it works I saw a ghost* -_- really?!...... get a life spud pickles and make something worth our time!!! God loves you :D"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is awesome. ghosts are real. the last words it gave me were; hurried, Columbus, New York, directly, and audience. I was standing next to an Adam Dunn poster (white sox) and if you haven't noticed, those words fit in perfectly. even though Adam Dunn isn't dead, it could have also been another baseball player or someone related to him. This Is Real. don't believe the bad reveiws. Wait hang on, new words; look, up, danger....AAAAAAHHHHHHH!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When I did manage to get a word or two accepted, the game was over, and an ad would pop up for another app, and then I had to accept or push another \"button\" to go back to the game. The game seems to be enjoyable, but nothing would happen when I tried to select a letter. I tapped; I tried sliding the letter; I just pushed on the letter. It worked about 10% of the time.I tried the app twice. However, it was much more trouble than it was worth and I deleted it from my Kindle Fire...twice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app gives you a string of letters and about 30 seconds to make as many words as you can.  Then it moves on to another string of letters.  I find some sets easy, and others challenging, but I have always been able to think of at least one word for any set.  Even with the easy sets, I have to think fast to get a three-letter word, four-letter word, and so on, before it changes sets.It's great for when I'm not sure how much time I'll have to play because I can quit a game any time.  This is a must-have app for Wordies.  No problems loading on mySamsung Galaxy Tab, it doesn't hang up, and there are no intrusive ads."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a great app and it's FREE. Not only did it make finding a good wi-fi  connection for my Fire easy, but it also helped me improve my wireless signal for my pc. Easy to use and - Thanks to the developers for not shoving any BUY THIS - DO THAT at me. I understand the need to make some income from your work, that's only fair,. So if you need the cash so badly, please don't offer it for free.Easy to use and does just what it says."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I give this a four versus 5 stars only because I haven't used it all that much yet and still don't know everything about it. I did take my tablet with me in the car the other night to where I had no wi-fi signal and as we drove around I was able to find signals at various houses. This will be handy because so many of my apps don't work outside my home as I have no data plan, only a wi-fi signal within our home, unless I go to the library. Good app, and am glad I put it on my Kindle."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I read the issues of freezing and people downloading it, and then having to remove it for different reasons. I give an app of this type time to see what it can do for finding those access points known as hot spots. I can follow the readings ok, but I too wish it had a free adds version available. Maybe that was going to be for this offering of an WiFi analyzer from this company. Test and use over time will tell, if this app is worth keeping on the Kindle Fire HD Tablet. I will give it a try, and I will keep searching for others to have a possible back up of the same type app available for my Kindle Fire HD. I think the multitude of resources like the guide books and manuals help one know what is true or works true to use."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is reason enough to get an Android device.  The information it provides regarding channel usage on both the 2.4 and 5 GHz bands is essential if you want to set up devices and wifi routers for the best possible performance.  Sure, you can get fancier products from Fluke and others, but if you go that route you'll pay hundreds of dollars and have more junk to tote around.For most Android apps there are several functional alternatives.  Wifi Analyzer stands alone.The associated Wifi Connector Library is useful if you want one-click sign-ons to different networks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For anyone who is acting as their own IT department, this app is a must.  I never thought I would need something like this - then I had a router go wonkie, then my youngest daughter needed Wi-Fi in her room, then I checked into a hotel that had \"free\" Wi-Fi on the easter egg plan....  Simple and easy to use, even for relative newcomers with lots of useful information in a nice graphical format.  Adds are annoying but not obtrusive. A must for your toolbox."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I usually know where the hot spots are in my neighborhood, and I sure know where there are no networks on my hikes, but this analyzer told me when I was having problems with connectivity in my home office. I started \"losing strength\" a couple of nights ago (the bars went from 5 to 1) and, with a business network account, this just shouldn't happen. But I used the Wi-Fi Analyzer and sure enough, mine was one of the weakest of six networks in the area. Then I noticed a pattern: always weaker at night. Last night, I had to \"reinstall\" the connection, and today it was confirmed by my provider that they've been having problems. The Wi-Fi Analyzer got me a one-month credit! (Results may vary: I've been with the same provider for 5 years.)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Another (Must have) for Kindle Fire users. This one has like 5 setting to check out  just about all you need on your wi-fi.. One has a meter thats great to see where are all the Hot Spots at around the house.. You can even add a beep to it do drive everyone nuts!, beep!!!  beep!, lol. Fallow my \"review list\" here on amazine to find out whats the Best that other Kindle Fire users are useing. Thats all I put on my list.. Nothing but the best for you.. Enjoy all."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've long hunted for an app that gives me the kind of WiFi signal strength and access point info for my home networks in a format that is easily understood, and WiFi Analyzer takes the cake. Using this app I was able to configure the twelve networks we have here in our college housing apartment complex so they don't conflict with each other, so they have the best signal strength possible, and much more. Everyone here who uses our WiFi saw a huge improvement, and it was thanks to this app. And it's free. You really can't beat that. Five stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was always getting spotty wifi at the outer reaches of my house.  this app helped me see that I was sharing the same channel with three other routers.  selecting a channel that wasn't so crouded really helped.I wish there was a indicator explaining that some of the higher channels are for international use and may not currently be enabled on the device running the app. I accidently set my router to one and didn't realize it and spent dome time trying to figure out why my device no longer saw the router."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this app to troubleshoot problems I was having in my wi-fi network with some people being unable to see my access point's SSID advertisements. Within a few minutes this app gave me enough information to solve my problems!The two most useful parts of the display were the channel spread per access point, and the signal strength. The channel spread showed me that I'd picked the same channel for my wireless network (11) as my neighbors, which was causing conflicts. I moved to channel 3 and there was no longer spectrum overlap. Also, another display showed the DB strength of my wireless signal, which made me realize that the placement of my router is less than optional. Not bad for 10 minutes with an app I used with a wireless deployment I've had for months.If you're experienced with wi-fi, this is a useful diagnostic tool. If you're NOT experienced with wi-fi, this might still show you some interesting info. I recommend it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I give it 3 rather than 5 stars because it does work very well, however the installation process is not straight forward if you need to set it up using a web browser rather than pushing a WPS button on your router. In Method 2 &#62;&#62; Setup via Web Browser in Step 3 you are directed to a web site to complete the process. That web site is for sale. The Tech Support number takes you to China and while they were helpful in getting me set up, they are more demanding and fast paced than I prefer.If your router has a WPS button to connect devices to your network this is a good device at a good price."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a very helpful little app that does a great deal considering it is free:It can analyze the strength of your own wifi system.It can analyze the strength of wifi systems around you.It provides data on how well your network is operating.It can tell you the strength of the signal of your network and others around you.You can use it to figure out where there are dead zones in your wifi system and figure out more easily how to correct them.The old maxim, \"You get what you pay for,\" certainly isn't true with this excellent app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I read the online help & everything.  Honestly, this app did nothing for me.  I saw some pretty graphs but that was it.  I saw that my signal is the strongest.  If that is what this app is form fine but other reviews made this out to be a way to boost your signal & I never saw anything like that.  Like I said, I saw some graphs & my signal is strongest.  Not worth my time to download this, even with it taking less than 10 seconds."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When you move, your Wi-Fi modem just might be having problems because everyone in your neighborhood is on the same channel.  WiFi Modems use channels like Walkie Talkies, and when there are too many on the same channel, your WiFi Devices have a hard time reaching your modem.  This little gem will tell you who is on what channel, and what channels are not being used so that you or your internet provider can change the channel to one that is not being used, and you can enjoy delay free streaming!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "We have so many people in my area with Wi-Fi networks, it's difficult to get a good signal.  I installed the Wi-Fi Analyzer on the Kindle Fire and found the conflicts in my neighborhood.  With that information, I adjusted the channel on my network.  I have fewer conflicts now.  Surfing is smoother, fewer dropped connections.I especially like the graphs.  I am a visual person and the graphs clearly illustrate signal strength and conflicts at a glance. There is also a screen that will give every channel a star rating and recommend the best channel setting for the router.  I don't even have to think about it!  What a great app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like this little Wi-Fi analyzer app.  It performs well and is very convienient.  It was simple to install and gives me a neat colored signal graft on how effective my Wi-Fi router is working on my Kindle Fire.  It also shows on the graft the other possible routers to click on if you wanted to go that route.  The graft is done up very nicely in multi-colors for each Wi-Fi channel available to you at any given time. At the very bottom of the screen is a tiny boxed ad that changes...it does not take away from the graft or annoy the person. If you travel from your home Wi-Fi router set up, this little app helps to change to an available Wi-Fi signal.  Pretty helpful!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the best wifi detector i have seen.  It gives you a very good picture of the signals around you.  You can place your wifi on the channel that is used the least to avoid interference.  Just walking around the room with this thing is pretty interesting.  Driving down the road with it is even more fun.  I'm not sure how the other functions are used but the spectrum display is all anyone would need.  The screen gets really crowded in town.  The only improvement I could see would be to have the option to highlight the open systems so that you can pick them out of the crowd."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works like a charm on Kindle Fire!. It was very helpful in positioning the Router. I was amazed how much difference it made with the Wi-Fi signal after re-positioning the router just few feet higher of it's original place. I love the different visual options and audio beeps from the app that makes your work easy to read the signal strength and also different recommendations as to which channel is less crowded in your area.I can see it very useful for anyone who roams a lot with their kindles and want to find the best Wi-Fi in the locality.Super useful. Now ... I wish it could also detect leaking pipes around the house :-)Five Stars! Kudos to the Developer and making this app FREE!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a cool little app.  I use it to sniff around places while I'm out and discover any WiFi hotspots I can connect to.It's also useful to see what channels are in use in your neghborhood (2.4GHz or 5GHz) so you can move your AP to a non-used channel further away from all the others who are running the default channels that came with their wireless box.  Everyone in a neighborhood running on channel 11 or 6 or nn is not good.  Its also useful to determine the type of encryption being used by the various networks before trying to connect to a network.  I also use it to determine which band on my dual-band network gives me the greatest signal strength when I'm in the far away rooms of my house so I can connect to the strongest."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have spent endless hours using this tool to look at networks at home, at work and school. Very cool to be able to SHOW someone why their network doesn't work very well. Very responsive receiver and graphics and the response rate can be changed in the settings. Like many aps, you have to take the time to explore. Much of what makes it valuble require you to change some of the settings to refine what you are seeing. The only improvement I could suggest is more clarification on looking at 2gHz versus 5gHz signals. But for what it does it is outstanding!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great free app.This one is a must for any Kindle Fire user.Helps you know which wifi network signals are around, how strong/weak your signal is and what is the cleanest/less busy wifi channel available in your home area so you can get better connection and less interference from your crazy neighbors.Note: You have to change the wifi channel in your wifi routers settings not on the app. You do this by accessing the settings UI with your web browser (usually 192.168.1.1 or something like that). Once you find the best channel (during peak hours in the evening, set your channel to the one least used and you will be happy)Helps when out on the town as well trying to decide which public wifi signal to tap into.Enjoy and be sure to tell others of this great app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app does a good job in locating the wi-fi around you - which helped me determine that the $100+ I was paying monthly for my wifi and my phone was not worth it.  I could get the same number of bars with a much less expensive internet company.  I tried it at my friend's house who had the inexpensive package & the bars were the same.  I encourage everyone to try this experiment for themselves.  The app is free, so what could it hurt."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a good app to analyze the wi-fi signals around you...and if you live in a suburb there will be many.  Just about everyone now has a wi-fi router in their home.  This app identifies every signal within range and can graph their strength.  This is good as you can walk around your house/ airport/ coffee shop/ whatever and find the areas with strong signals/weak signals.  The best part is the real-time graph which clocks signal strength over time.  You can even do a screen shot and send it via e-mail."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Analyze the signal strength of any wireless connection. Determine if your wireless router channel is receiving any conflicting signals from other electronics, microwaves, etc. Choose the channel with the least interference for the best wireless connection. determine signal strength in different areas of your home. Do you need to move your router? Do you need a signal booster? Are you having fluctuations in your signal strength? Does your neighbor have a stronger signal than you? Which public wi-fi signal is the strongest? I have had this great app for a day and it has already helped me answer those questions and more."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the first wi-fi analyzer I downloaded, but being curious, I downloaded a few more, but this is the best of the bunch. It has the most features and the easiest to understand features. I even paid for one of the other ones that I downloaded because it had pretty pictures, and it was the most worthless. This wi-fi analyzer is now my most useful app. It continues to amaze me how wildly a signal will vary, especially if it is a so-so signal to begin with."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved this app. It is interesting and fun. It levels. are challenging and make you think. You can change the speed of the orbs and you can choose between two moods, survival mode and regular mode. What more can you ask for. I loved it all of it, except for the time limit. I mean several times I was one orb away from beating the level, and time ran out. I found that incredibly annoying. I would have played survival mode, but I like beating the levels. I really loved how the levels were layed out though. The idea of going through tubes to get to other tubes is genius. I highly reccomend this app it is 100% worth the price. If you are looking for a fun entertaining and somewhat addicting app, look no further. Dragon Fire is here."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoy this game very much. I find it relaxing to play and I even enjoy the music. It is one of the few games I play with the sound on. I play every level until I get a perfect score on them all - and then reset the scores and start over. I really don't understand the bad reviews. Must be a matter of taste. I don't much care for high stress games but I don't mind thinking. Play in on Kindle Fire so the SD card thing is not an issue."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really enjoyed this game. It was nice to be able to slow down the fireballs for certain levels so I could keep track. Even on the slowest setting some of the levels could still be pretty challenging at first. I played this on Kindle Fire. Probably would be harder on a small phone.Only thing that keeps it from being a 5 star is that there aren't enough levels. I finished the whole thing in a couple of hours. I also wish there was some bonus for finishing every level with a perfect score."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've used Splash ID since the Palm m505 days.  Over the years it's been very reliable and stable.  It doesn't offer as much GUI distractions as some of the other password storage programs, so it does look/feel dated.  However, when combined with the new desktop manager, I still cannot imagine life without it.  If you are carrying over an old .VID file, the new one requires a lot of patience to properly import everything.  Splash Data's customer service was helpful to fix some of my mistakes."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have this on my palm pilot and love it so I thought i'd get it for my kindle hdx.  At first it wouldnt work but once I figured out how to get it to work, it magically appeared on my phone too and it syncs with the desktop version no problem. I tried to get the splash key ID too but I couldlnt get that to sync so I was disappointed about that and sent it back.  But I'm glad this is working now with no trouble.  I just wish I could get Splash Money to work too...."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've used SplashId for several years on Palm, Windows Mobile and Windows desktop. It has been easy to use. Synchronizing between platforms has been good but not perfect. Version 6 wireless synchronous works very well, better than previous versions.The interface in this version takes some time to learn but is pretty good. After using version 4 for a few years, I've had difficulty finding some functions and features but no serious issues.The big problem with this version is that the App locks every time I switch to another App. I open SplashID Safe,  enter the password, get a password for a web site, switch to the browser and then return to SplashID only to find I must enter the password again even if only a few seconds passed since I entered it.SplashData tech support says the lockout delay was removed for security reasons. They are working on a solution to add the lockout delay back into the App. The Aneroid App is practically useless to me if this defect is not corrected."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I thought that this app was suckish bcuz it didn't really make alot of sense at first and it took forever to load onto my kindle fire and also u just move the moon phases around and it tells wen it was so tht didn't reallly make much sense to me bcuz who would buy a 99&cent; app wen its really only worth $0.00. this app is a peice of CRAP! DO NOT BUY THIS APP IF U DINT WANT 2 WASTE 99&cent;!!! I repeat do not buy this app unless u r a collector of crap apps!!!! the guy's reveiw above is probably tryn 2 get u 2 buy this peice of crap app cuz he made it and wants 99 more cents! don't waste ur money! this app sux!!! DO NOT BUY THIS APP!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The tribal council called a midnight council last night to discuss the most alarming threat to the pack:  MPP.I too howled my objection, &quot;in the past we bite without discrimination. It's unfair that we now have to take a bigger chunk out of the iPhone, BB, WP carriers.&quot;The council nodded in consent.  In the end the elders decided to move forward with plan B: the Chinese.  &quot;We shall encourage the Chinese to speed up their moon mining ambition.  When they blew up the moon or disturbed its orbit, this app shall no longer work.&quot;&quot;In the mean time, to maintain fairness to all on our victims, please limit your biting of hipsters, suits and Bill Gate.&quot;"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is awesome.. Not a moon pro so cant point out any off details but since I'm sure they will be worked out I know this app is a keeper! Kudos to the brain who thought this up and made it happen.. This app has given me a renewed interest, and this app will likely be another bed time ritual. . the experimental DSS looks great on my K fire, graphics awesome, details and info awesome! Thanks for the freebie, gotta love the educational apps... grreeeaat."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Is just something I downloaded for entertainment. However, I seem to have a curiosity on the phase of the moon. This program does that. It even has some other features such as a calendar to show what phase of Moon will be in on a particular day of the month.There are a few things that were a little rough around the edges. This program can be moved to the SD card. This is a very important feature, since most of my tablets are of the older variety and is good to make room on the main flash drive. The first time I ran this program on the card, it really didn't want to work. But that was the only time that it complained. It has fired up correctly since then. It does not show correctly what part of the moon is lit up, though the amount that seem to be correct.So, it is something to play around with, and doesn't take any space on the main memory."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "To address the one oft mentioned issue. The developer is now aware that it shows waning gibbous for today (1/8/12) and it only seems to affect today. He is working on a fix for it. If you're guess that means you get a quick reply from the Dev, you'd be absolutely correct.The app works beautifully on my Droid 2 Global and I had no issues with it freezing. However, I did use the back button to exit out and not the home button. Overall, between quick developer response and the very slick, nicely done app, can't help but give this little darling a 5 star. If you like having the phases of the moon at your fingertips, this is the app for you and with it being FAOTD? You can't lose. ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is awesome. The graphics are so amazing, it's like you are at space camp looking at the moon through a telescope. You can see it with several different graphics settings too. It's so cool to turn the moon with my stylus or fingers, on my Kindle Fire HD, to view all sides of the moon. It even adjusts the date and time, when you spin it to accurately display the time your hemisphere will or did see the moon from that angle. There is also a calendar button so you can view the different moon phases for each day of the previous, current, and future month(s). Love it! And it's really only 70&cent; with the 30&cent; credit Amazon gives. Totally worth 70&cent; if you are into the moon or it's phases/cycles."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Starting easy, this puzzler has you match two orbs in a line to eliminate them from the field.  Eliminating all orbs from the field completes the level.  Later levels have you matching 3-4 orbs and stars (count as 2 orbs) to clear them.  The graphics are good and the sound is decent.  Oddly enough, the story is what kept me playing through all 100 levels.  The lack of an ending to that story is the only reason I dock this game a star."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "One of the things I look for is &#34;unique&#34; games -- games that provide something that isn't already available in dozens of other games.  (Can you say &#34;match-3&#34; or &#34;hidden object&#34;???)  Totemo begins as a very simple concept, but quickly graduates into some extremely challenging levels, all based on math and logic.  There is some &#34;background story&#34; -- though it does not affect the gameplay at all, and frankly is pretty mundane for the most part.  But anyone who likes a logic challenge should enjoy this game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a game that will stretch your pattern recognition skills. Basically, you need to remove circles in groups. They have to be in columns or rows. Each level seems to have a couple of \"keys\" that will help you get started. I didn't need more than one try for a level until I got into the 20s. I find that it is very satisfying to clear a board.The visuals are pleasing. I think that this is a game that I will enjoy playing for a few minutes here and there until I finish it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've read that because this is a HD version it cannot be played on the first or second generation kindle fires. It actually can. I own more than one HD game and its just as clear as any other game. Now as far as the game goes: it's alright nothing great but not horrible. It's basically a matching game that gets harder as you move along. Kills time but I've played better. And the totem that &quot;talks&quot; to you is neither creepy or cute is straight annoying."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Yeah it sure is simple in the very first few levels but it does get interesting after you complete some levels. The graphics are very good and cute. The Totem keeps mumbling something or the other in each level as you get acquainted with the rules of the game. You can skip the mumbling if you like. It installed fine on the original 'Kindle Fire' even-though it says \"HD\" and I am keeping this on my Kindle Fire and play few more levels and update the review later if needed. But for FAOTD I think it is a worth a try. If you are into puzzles and matching games you will like it.Have fun!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My husband used this app when my soon was born and it was great! Being able to sync the day's goings on with the baby is so helpful, especially if you have one working parent and one stay at home parent or care giver or a child on medication daily that needs to be tracked. I would love to see this app used in a childcare facility. Being able to instantly see what's logged is great to keep everyone feeling like they're involved in baby's day even when they're at work. Granted I haven't used it in months, but the Dev was responsive and even considers user recommendations! Must have for new parents!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "what do I mean? well we can't always carry a deck of cards round with us so virtual solitaire serves its purpose. I actually like this version and have played it while wating for a variety of things. at the car shop, waiting for windows updates, things that take time and we cannot extricate ourselves from, so play solitaire! this version allows not only unlimited undo but if you think &quot;I should have won&quot; you can replay the game. NO the deck won't magically produce the card that would have unlocked your win. but unlike playing cards you may find that &quot;i could've had a V8&quot; move that allows you to win."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Seesmic is usually the go-to Twitter client on my smartphone, but I was disappointed to find out this tablet version doesn't function properly on my Kindle Fire HD. It keeps saying 'authentication failed' whenever we try to add a Twitter account.I've kept the app hanging around on this tablet hoping that they would correct the problem in an update, but apparently that won't be happening -- perhaps because Seesmic is now owned by HootSuite, which has its own app it develops. That's unfortunate because Seesmic is the only Twitter client I know of that has a 'combined view' feature that merges our multiple accounts."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't use Facebook very much, so I can only say that from what I've seen, Seesmic for Android does a pretty good job with Facebook. Of course, the official Facebook Android app is so atrocious that a flaming sack of dog feces is preferable. As far as the Twitter functionality of Seesmic, I can definitively say it's great. I've tried a number of different Twitter clients for my Android phone and tablet, and Seesmic was the one I kept coming back to. The timeline is smooth and simple to navigate, managing direct messages and @ mentions is quite convenient, and searching across Twitter is dead simple. It's been over a year now since the folks behind HootSuite acquired Seesmic, but the Seesmic app has (so far) not been effected by that. If you're looking for the solution for using Twitter on your Android device, Seesmic is it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app does what I got it to do, which was to handle the feeds to and from my facebook account. I can post my status updates easily, message friends, search, and read updates and view pics.  In other words, it does the basics well.  I also like that several posts that I was not seeing with Facebook's app were suddenly appearing.However, I noticed that one of my regular friends suddenly was not available through Seesmic (I checked the website, and she hadn't unfriended me!).  The other thing that I can't find is how to check in from a location).  For me, if those two issues were fixed, the app would get a 5."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Other reviewers have covered this title's strengths and weaknesses pretty well already, so I'll just summarize my experience with the game:Strengths:- If you liked Military Madness on the the Turbografx-16, you're in for some nostalgic fun- The units, the game play, it's all just like you remembered it, as far as I've seenWeaknesses:- The AI is weak, and the difficulty (particularly if you played the original game) is fairly lowDespite the weak AI, I'm enjoying playing through it so far.  It is sort of a bummer that it's not available for the Fire, though."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really love this game or the japanesse version Nectaris. I regret the screen is for this specific app reduced for cellphones and not customized for tablets. Also the levels are not so great than the original nectaris-pc engine or Turbografx16 neither the PC/DOS version which is my favorite so far however I need to have a DOS emulator to play it. Still this is a very good alternative for mobiles and not so great on tablets. Another alternative is to get the PCE EMU and get the Turbografx rom (if you own it as I do ) but again for a cellphone this is great app"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been playing Military Madness/Nectaris since it was new on the Turbo Graphix 16 here in the U.S.  This version was very playable with a single finger interface.PROS:I can't think of any of the Turbo Graphix 16 original vehicles that didn't make it, they all seem to be here.Control scheme works well.Entertaining.Game mechanics still hold up well.Cheap!Cons:The AI is weak. I blew through this game quicker than I should have.If you're used to hitting the \"back\" button on your Android Phone to back off of controlling a unit it could back-fire since that exits the game without saving.  (takes some getting used to)No network / multi-player.I recently noticed there were \"bonus\" levels after beating the \"final\" level by selecting the chose map screen and clicking on the level that appears without the progress road attached.  The final levels, 19 & 20, are actually rather challenging."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Between the epic story line, the better-than-reality visuals, and the unique and innovative game play, robotfindskitten is a potentially world-changing phenomenon.  This experience, (for \"game\" simply fails to sum up this masterful app,) will end wars, feed the hungry, and impregnate the virginal.  God has returned to Man and His name is robotfindskitten.This app would be a bargain if it cost your life savings, yet in further proof of its perfection the price is zero.Ia! ia! robotfindskitten fhtagn!(The above review is facetious and should not be taken seriously.  For a similarly amazing app, have a look at Hello Android, on the official market.)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I remember playing the free version of this a long time ago. I wound up uninstalling it because I hate ads and I wouldn't pay more than 99c for it.It's scrabble solitaire. It's very good at being exactly what you expect it to be. The UI could use a facelift, and is a bit cluttered.Glad I got it for free, it will stay on my phone. Especially since the dev gets it... even weighing in at under 800KB it still moves to the SD card. My OCD thanks you."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I agree with the others that the price is a bit steep for what you ultimately get: a simple timed word-forming game in the style of Text Twist. I was originally optimistic about this game, but once I played it a few times I realized that the only \"goal\" is to try and beat my own high score... over and over again. This may be perfect for some people, but I have become increasingly accustomed to games that offer a variety of different backgrounds and other rewards; I tend to be ambivalent about the rash of games that don't have these things, despite the capabilities to make them. I think one redeeming point here is the \"hidden words\" section -- but that's about it. By my third play, I was a bit tired of testing the limits of my vocabulary in the way this game wants me to."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can't believe I spent actual money on that, let alone time. Game play itself was cute, and the graphics were good, but otherwise not a great investment. Not only were some clues completely non-intuitive, but it took all of an hour to get through. That's it. I would have hoped it would take at least a few hours to justify the price, but no. And it's not as if I'm some skilled gamer who whips through games day in and day out. I'm very much a casual, infrequent game-player, yet this was mostly way too easy for me. You're not missing much, believe me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for a game that reminded me of the same kind of game play that I enjoyed through the Myst series. This game is a good click-and-discover / puzzle adventure game.The puzzles are challenging. The clues are well placed and thought provoking. The interface works well. Nice graphics.The only drawback (4 stars instead of 5) was the game was rather short.This game is fun, clever, and challenging. If you're looking for a puzzle adventure game that you can spend two or three hours playing, I highly recommend this game. I paid $0.99 at the time of this review and I think the game was worth it. I sat with my wife and son and we enjoyed  it together!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Grisly is an old school point and click adventure with high quality graphics and fun, challenging puzzles. Like all point and clicks it suffers from repetition and the sense that all you are doing is going back and forth, room to room to re-click things now that you have the key and so on. Grisly also suffers from small screens and big fingers when it comes to finding stuff. On many screens you can just push everywhere until things pop up. Not much different than moving your mouse around the monitor till your arrow turns to a hand.Overall, Grisly is a fun diversion and a neat trip back in time to old school games. It is easily one of the better looking and functioning games I've played so far. Fans of the genre should pick this one up. If you don't like point and click, don't mark the game down, just don't get it.Worth the cost."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this when it was the free app of the day, but I didn't play it until the other day. I had no issues with the app; it worked well. Visually, it was fine.My only problem with the app is that after you beat it, which shouldn't take more than about a half an hour, it has zero replay value. I uninstalled it to save space. (oh, I also had to use an app like superbox to be able to move it to SD card.)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this game is realy cool its a little hard at times but still very fun the game has great graphics this game can be very frustrating but still my faverite mystery game works great on the kindle fire.COOL GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "please make more like this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! xxx xxxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xx  xxx  xx xx x  x  x xx xx x x x  great game! way better than hidden object games."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When I first saw this game available for download I was skeptical, since lots of games out there are garbage. But since it was a free download of the day, I decided to give it a try. To say the least, I was thoroughly impressed!!!!!!! I am a fan of the old school Shadowgate and UNINVITED games on nintendo, and this game is just like those!!! Sure enough, I was stumped about 10 minutes into the game lol. So if games like the ones I just mentioned or even Myst, this game will definitely hold you down!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded The lost city when it was free, and I loved it. (It wasn't too short, but I wouldn't of been dissapointed if it had been longer.) I read the reviews for The secret of Grisly manor, and seeing it was made by the same people as The lost city, I bought it for $0.99. I had read reviews, and some people said it was very short, and I figured it would be as long as the other one (Which took me about a week). I was very wrong..I could've finished it in half an hour.So I gave The secret of Grisly Manor 4 stars, because I was dissapointed in the length. (In my opinion. it should be free - it wasn't long enough to be worth even a dollar.)If you're going to purchase one, purchase The lost city - you won't be dissapointed!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "'The Secret of Grisly Manor' is one of those room-escape style games where instead of breaking out, you're breaking in and exploring. The puzzles and item usage is pretty standard for a game like this.I wouldn't say that the game is too short like some of the other reviews here, but I would say that once you've beaten it the first time, there's no point in replaying it because there aren't any puzzles that will take you long to beat again or any game mechanics you'll forget and have fun relearning."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is fun! I love the mystery games with the puzzle elements, and these puzzles don't disappoint! They're challenging enough that you'll scratch your head for a bit, but won't be too difficult for the sake of being difficult.My main problem with this is that its too expensive. Almost 2 dollars for a game that you can beat in less than an hour? I've spent 4 dollars on other apps that have a gameplay of 20+ hours and its still going. Wish it was longer, or at least that they would make a free version with advertisement throughout the game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game, at first seems interesting but quickly you realize that its too short and has no replay value. once you solve the game there is nothing else to do, so max 20 minutes of playing. don't waste your money. spend that dollar somewhere else. got it for free and even that sounds like too much for this game, waste of space on my phone. if any new levels are created they're probably going to charge for them. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, YOU WILL REGRET IT. sounds more fun than it really is."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "if you are a fan of hidden objects or ihog games from bigfish or Oberon then you are used to the great graphics like the ones in this game. however,  That's where similarities end, game is short &amp; frustrating. I completed almost  all tasks but couldn't change clock to 5:40&amp; therefore. couldn't complete game.  there are no hints or clues, if u are stuck google walk-thru for the game (its all text whereas bigfishgames walkthrus have screen shots.) &amp; you'll see where you are going wrong."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I bought this after playing The Lost City, and perhaps I should have reversed that choice.  Unlike The Lost City, this game does not have the hint and map features, so it's up to you to figure out the clues and locate the puzzle pieces.  That being said, I finished the game in a few hours and wished there was more to it.  I agree that it could have been longer with more screens. Again, the graphics were nicely done, the puzzles fairly easy to solve, and it worked well on my Kindle Fire.This had a nice balance between clever and challenging clues.I probably would have been less disappointed if I had played this game first and followed it with The Lost City."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The puzzles in this are nowhere near as difficult as the ones in 7th Guest or Myst, but they are the same kind of puzzles and my 6-year-old and I had a blast plating this game! It's short, but ABSOLUTELY a value for $1. Right now I am going to go looking for more games in this genre and by this publisher.If I were an adult looking for a challenging game to play on my own, I would want something more than this. But...* As a game to play with your kid, this is great!* For a $1 diversion, this is great!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I played this immediately after the Mystery of the Crimson Manor, and it really feels like it was trying to be the same game. To be fair, a point-and-click adventure game featuring puzzles around a an abandoned mansion is hardly a new idea, but it felt like plagiarism.Regardless, the Secret of Grisly Manor holds up ok on its own.Pros: Challenging puzzles, point-and-click gameplay, decent atmosphereCons: way too short (about 1/2 hour), poorly detailed graphics (looks like very old compression), a couple of seemingly arbitrary puzzles/solutionsConclusion: I pray that we are seeing a revival of point-and-click adventure games for tablets. Buy this game if you have 49 cents to spare, enjoy classic adventure games, and have already played the Mystery of Crimson Manor."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Let me start off with I only paid .99 cents for this app and it played very well on my kindle fire hd and that is why it got 2 stars.  The game itself is very short which I would have been fine with for a dollar but add that to the fact that there was no hint button and no instructions to any of the games and the clues where very  obscure and where not at all clear which puzzle they went to, and then the ending was just weird.  Anyway I don't recommend this game at all."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I liked this game a lot. I had to do a web search for hints a couple of times. I guess I just didn't have the patience to actually figure it out on my own. This was one of the first games I got in this genre, and I really enjoyed it. It was over pretty quickly. Felt like it could have had a bit more added to it, because felt short. I didn't feel ripped off or anything, just wished it had been longer. Fire Maple does a good job! Since finishing this game I have bought other games they have come out with and enjoyed them even more! Just buy it already, it's good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoyed the game very much. There is not a help/spoiler file, but it's really not needed. The one place I got stuck - throw the pretty box in the fire! The graphics are beautiful, the play is smooth. The sound is not as good as the sound on The Lost City, but not bad. Really, this would get 5 stars if only it was longer. I'd prefer something like Myst; something to take days/weeks to complete, rather than a couple of hours."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The Secret of Grisly Manor is a nice little puzzle game in line with the other two FMG games I have, Adventures of Mosaika and The Lost City.  However, Grisly Manor seems more like a prototype rather than a fully formed game and features present in the subsequent games are sorely missed here.  The Journal is particular, which saves a great deal of time retracing the path back to previously-explored rooms to review clues to puzzles.  On the other hand, perhaps that was deliberate in order to artificially inflate the amount of time it takes to solve the game.  Because as short as Mosaika and Lost City are, Grisly is practically a blip.  The puzzle solutions in Grisly weren't as involved either, which is troubling as the other games are not exactly complex.  The Secret of Grisly Manor has atmosphere in its graphics and sound, but as a puzzle game, while acceptable, it doesn't compare to the rest of Fire Maple Games' offerings, even at 99 cents."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Interesting puzzle kinda game.  Its fairly short (about under an hour long), not too difficult either.  I personally enjoyed it while it lasted.For everyone that says it Forces Closes, the same happened to me on my Epic 4G.  All I had to do, was simply slide my keyboard open and start the game and voila!  When I close the keyboard at any time, it FC's though. (If you dont have a slide-out keyboard, maybe you can force your phone to display in landscape prior to running it)I hope that helps any FC errors and allows everyone to enjoy this game :-)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So the game play is fun and amazing, but my issue is the fact that you only need to solve about 5 'puzzles' to finish the entire game... For $1 it's a pretty decent investment for those looking for a way to kill 30 to 60 minutes - or more if you want to drag it out. The problem I had was I found out the solution in 2 nights of playing for about 10 minutes total. Great play, good price, would also love to see a sequel - or maybe a longer version of the same?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you seem to be having issues, it may be your phone. They say that any Android is a good Android, but they say a lot of things. Much like anything else, if you buy something cheap, it will work like something cheap. Also, people need to learn their phones. no matter what anyone tells you, they don't REALLY think for you. Anyway, this works great on the Samsung Fascinate, and even if it didn't, I'm not the type to complain about something free. People today.....I swear. LOL"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This sounded like it converted EVERYTHING so I bought it. I work in a Nuclear Lab in the US and the first thing I wanted to do is convert millirem (mrem) to either microsievert (Sv) or millisievert (mSv). No go! Sievert is a common European radiation measurement. Works great for many others things and says it will convert radiation exposure measurements BUT I am still stuck looking it up on the web.Up date:After checking the web site for this app I see it does Radioactive Decay NOT Radioactive exposure like I thought...my bad. I raised to 4 stars (not 5) because for me Radioactive exposure is much more important then decay. Maybe it will be added??Up date:I sent e-mail to the developer with my suggestion and got a very positive reply right away. Very nice! I now believe this is a 5 stare app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "my only problem with this app is that it is sometimes inconsistent with the items shown daily on the front page of the store. the free song &amp; the sale album should, in my opinion, always be there. a featured 69 cent song is a nice addition, but shouldn't replace either &amp; the same goes for a featured $5 album.i don't use the cloud player from my phone often, but haven't had any problems yet. i love that my purchased songs from the site or the app go immediately to the cloud. way better to have this than some other cloud players i've tried, like the one that requires your computer at home to be on so you can listen from your phone while you're out... wtf?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have turned my back on iTunes. This is my music library now. I have this app on my phone and I can download whatever songs I want from my Amazon library. I can download music I've purchased from Amazon or songs I've uploaded (like the songs I imported from my old iTunes. Once the song is on my phone, I can listen even if I'm not in a WiFi area, and it doesn't need my data minutes either. You can sort by artist or album or song or genre, and you can make playlists too."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really enjoyed this app on my samsung s2. It was my prefered music player. I'd give 5 stars on the s2.I upgraded to an S5 recently. It has some features that need improved on the s5. I can find music in the store. But, I cannot in the cloud or on my device which makes it cumbersome. The S5 lacks the search button. I used on the s2. With my increased storage on the s5. I'd like to download all my cloud music. It would be nice to be able to see what is out of sync and download it like the desktop offers. I'll probably use windows and my sd card to sync the music because the player is cumbersome.I've started using the android player. It has the search function that isn't in the amazon app. It needs some improvement."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon has earned my respect with this app. This isn't the old amazon mp3 player which wasn't bad but nothin special just like itunes with cheaper albums most of the time, but now this is the future of music in my honest opinion. The cloud player service makes this the best thing to happen to music in a long. Now you can upload all your music to there website and have access to all your music without taking up space on your devices anymore. Also great if you like me always have to transfer song from multiple devices now you can just upload or buy from amazon have access to everything instantly from any device that can use the service. Android phone/tablet pc or MAC computer. So you get to keep your music forever unlike itunes one time purchase and goodlook with keep your music safe. See even if you music device fails you instantly have all your music back.Thanks for making something we always needed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Since the update of Amazon mp3 player, many of the songs I purchased thru Amazon, and downloaded thru Amazon, will not play.  I get &#34;exception 119&#34; or other playback errors.  This is annoying in and of itself, but when using the player during a run or workout, it completely stops the player, meaning I have to finish the run/workout without music, or break my pace/concentration to skip to the next song.Getting a paltry number of &#34;free&#34; (for prime) songs to choose from doesn't override the inconvenience of a player that doesn't play....."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This \"Amazon MP3\" app provides a clean and easy interface to access the music files on my HTC EVO 4G or from the Amazon \"Cloud\". I use this app every night to play my \"Brown Noise\" for sleeping and generally whenever I want to listen music through my phone.Using the app is straight forward, with a simple layout and standard player controls. You can select to display the music in the Cloud, previously downloaded to the device, or access the Amazon \"Store\". The app also allows downloading your Cloud stored MP3 files to your device but, as other reviewers have noted, it does not allow you to select where they are stored (i.e. to your SD card). The download location shortcoming is not a significant issue for me since I don't have a lot of music files, but this would be an issue for someone like my daughter who has hundreds of files.The ease of use and access to the Cloud stored files makes this a good choice for my needs.Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "After installing this app on a Samsung Galaxy S3, my battery power significantly decreased so much that my phone couldn't even make it through the work day. I uninstalled, the app, and my battery usage returned to normal.  So I installed a new battery in my phone and re-installed this app.  Again, battery power took a nosedive. And again, I uninstalled it.  I really would like to use this app, but it is doing something in the background that drains the battery."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works on the Google Nexus 7-2 tablet, Not on the Samsung Galaxy S3 smartphone. The functionality is straightforward and easy to use on the noted tablet. The app is totally messed up on the S3 phone. The only way to get music to play on the smartphone is in &#34;airplane&#34; mode. Otherwise the albums that were supposed to be downloaded didn't show up. On the phone, and trying to get to music via the cloud, Amazon blocks you from access to your music with a splash screen that holds you hostage from accessing music you've already paid for unless you agree to try Amazon Prime for 30 days. Advice:  Boycott until they stop that and fix the app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Last month, after installing (and using once to listen to 3 songs), I get a notification from my carrier that my data limit had been reached.  After investigation, Amazon MP3 app had indeed downloaded 2.5 GB of &#34;background&#34; data to my phone.  I have no idea what it downloaded, but my plan was throttled until the end of the month.  After setting the &#34;download only on WiFi&#34; option within the application, again this month (just verified that the setting to disable download except on WiFi) another 2.3 GB of data was downloaded in the background.  I really liked this app, but I must uninstall it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Another bloated, oversized app with 32 permissions, ridiculous lack of features, wants to sit on the memory of the internal SD, and is unfriendly to older smartphones.  Just another Prime &#34;benefit&#34; that is totally unusable because, once again, Amazon hired The Three Stooges to develop the app that runs it.  Nyuck THAT.Amazon - If you want families to begin flocking to your Prime club, make the benefits available to ALL ITS MEMBERS and for ALL DEVICES, or they feel cheated for the price they're paying you for Prime, especially after the INCREASE. Got an email today saying this music service is now available for Prime members, so get ready for the big disappointment when the Prime members realize it's just another component that is seriously lacking and not adding to the reasons why one should subscribe."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon has really impressed me with their music store and system. Purchasing, downloading (and re-downloading, if you need to) are all simple. Playback is fairly simple, too.What will make this the best (it's not there yet; I am aware of the limitations):- adjustable bit rate streaming- enhanced flexibility in the player (playlists, tag editing, etc.)- purchase streaming-only version for a fraction of the cost (enable upgrade later)- mark previous purchases as purchased, and inaccessible for re-purchaseKeep up the great work!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The number one benefit of this music app for me is the ability to sync music to multiple devices easily with a wifi signal. That was my criteria for choosing this type of app. I like that we can play the music by accessing the amazon music cloud and not just by downloading each song on my kindle as long as I have wifi. I vary the amount of music I want loaded in my kindle and this app makes it easy and convenient to download individual songs or remove them and leave them only in the music cloud to save space. There is a limit to space available without paying for more and it is ok but not great. How can we complain though for a free app with free reliable service. The music streams seamlessly from the app or the cloud when playing, as well"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This MP3 player is useless on my Samsung Galaxy S3 Android 4.04 phone. The app will only use the phone's internal memory to store all of its data. All the wasted megabytes for their album cover cache, and you can get about 15 or 20 albums at most on the phone (depending on other apps you have) before you will fill up an S3. Streaming is fine, but that only works when you are on Wi-Fi unless you want to eat up your small (these days) monthly G4 LTE bandwidth cap. Which is fine if you only listen to your music occasionally, but not so cool if you are an every day audiophile like anyone who would bother to pay a monthly fee for Amazon's MP3 cloud progam. So yeah, it's useless. Deleted app, canceling cloud subscription, will just use a competitor cloud product and rip CD's or whatever, if they can't make it convenient, then what good is it, really?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love my cloud player and have been using it since its humble beginnings. It has come a long way and only gets better. Online editing of metadata helps to fix my music collection and keep things organized. Their music is reasonably priced most of the time in comparison to other MP3 vendors out there too. My only minor complaint is on the recent device limits set. I have several android devices, which I think is probably making me more of an exception. Regardless, five as a device limit causes me to pick and choose more often than I like. Ten would be a better number."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If this app came on your phone only your carrier can decide if you can remove it or not. Sprint did not preload this app on my phone. I chose to download and use it. I found I could move the app to the SD card on my phone. It works just fine there. I play music stored on my SD card far more than the stuff on my cloud drive. I like this app. I don't like reviews that rate apps down for issues caused by choices made by carriers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I previously wrote a negative review years ago... But now? WOW! Prime Music has changed everything for me, and I'm happy to endorse this app and the service! I've deleted the old review and have totally changed my mind.My only complaint now is that this app is NOT compatible (or available) on Amazon Fire TV, and this just doesn't make sense! I can load Pandora and a dozen other music services on the Fire TV, but Amazon's own Prime Music service isn't available on their own hardware? WHY?!?  Amazon, PLEASE get with it and put this app on the Amazon Fire TV! I would definitely get a lot of use out of it!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon cloud where all your music is stored with unlimited space was supposed to be free with my Kindle Fire. plus I'm already paying $70 a year for Amazon Prime! The Google Music Manager still has unlimited space for free (or when you purchase music from them). that's where I will be headed when Amazon says my time is up, rather than getting nickled and dimed to death and having to choose and upload those 25 songs. Bah bye, Amazon. my next tablet won't be a Kindle."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's not all that sophisticated of an App, but it serves the purpose.  But it works great for me because I use several phones (one for each region I frequently travel to) and it's nice to have my music with me whenever I want to play them.  Best part of it is I don't have to load down the already limited memory of my phones with the entire library.  I can just stream the playlist (or artist, album, etc.) that I want to listen to."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use my Kindle Fire at home to listen to music. Now I just grab my phone and get in the car and hook up with the blue tooth and have all my music with me. It's the same simple format as the Kindle and I can play right out of the cloud without having any music on my phone and all. I read all the reviews complaining about the app size. And I'm surprised that people so tech savvy have not figured out why they can't get the music to their SD cards. It's a business process, not a personal issue, or a technical aspect.I suggest they should put down their phones and live life a bit. Maybe even put a soundtrack to it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm a big Again fan in general. We have a kindle, three kindle fires and three Android phones in the family that heavily utilize Amazon apps. We have Amazon prime. We had the free upgraded cloud storage because of Amazon music purchases. But the cloud player really isn't worth the new $25/year, and the free 250-song limit is not going to cut it for us. So, we deleted our music from the cloud and are moving to google music.The Amazon mp3 app itself was ok, but never great. Leaving it is not a hard decision. Initially, I had imported all our music from iTunes. It copied the playlists, but nit the folder hierarchy, so dozens of organized playlists became a massive mess. Streaming worked ok, but obviously was heavily dependent ion the network connection. So I ended up copying my most-listened-to music to my sd card, and the built-in music player works very well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have HTC Rezound, and I don't know why, but this app does not work. I've updated it, reinstalled it completely and it still will not show my songs. If I flip back and forth (with the buttons) between store and music player/cloud, it will flash the song for half a second (I can see the album art), but there's no way to play it. My music just doesn't show up in the app. My husband also played with it, trying to get it to work, and had no more success than I."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "&quot;this game took over my home screen!&quot; it's not a game its a live wallpaper, like it says!&quot;uses too much battery. &quot; that's what a live wallpaper does, if you don't like it then don't use it but don't downrate the wallpaper for it.reviews are meant to be a review of the quality of the app.. if you don't understand what it is or what it does then freaking ask before rating.great app, super cute for Halloween. runs well on my myTouch 4G and is way better than most live wallpapers i've used"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Holloween Pumpkin Live Wallpaper is a fun interactive wallpaper that livens up your phone's background. This was one of Amazon's \"Free App of the Day\" so it was an easy choice to try. This wallpaper is a fairly simple game that allows you to explode regenerating pumpkins and knock vampire bats out of the air by tapping them in quick succession. This can cause the inadvertent launching of apps if you play this on a cluttered screen, so I only play it on a fairly empty screen.This is a seasonal app (at least for me) and I will likely change my wallpaper back to a picture of my family after Halloween.Recommended! This installed and ran perfectly on my HTC EVO 4G (Android v2.3.3).CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Pretty much what it says on the box. An array of pumpkins &amp; bats appear on your home screens to be tapped and destroyed. If this sort of thing takes your fancy, by all means, download it free while you you have the chance. Otherwise, it isn't worth the normal asking price.It can be used either as a mini-game or live wallpaper. There are plenty of options for visual customization, but not a whole lot of gameplay, unless you create your own challenges like trying to keep the screen completely clear of targets or seeing how long it takes to get 1,000 points.To summarize, check it out if it looks good, play with it for 10 minutes, then uninstall &amp; go enjoy your Hallowe'en."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This live wallpaper looks and does exactly as described.  I was happy to try out a Halloween themed wallpaper for a few weeks until Halloween passed but I am uninstalling it now.  You have some options with a few different backgrounds:-you can choose between 3 colors of fog and how much fog is on the screen.-choose how many pumpkins but u can not remove them all-there are bats that fly around on the screen which you can remove.I guess it can also be a game too since u can get points for smashing pumpkins and bats, it will keep track for you.  But that got old after 10 seconds.Parts of the app are nice but I would like to be able to remove all pumpkins or at least move them where I want, just so an apps icon is not sitting directly on top of one.  There was a pumpkin sitting directly underneath my camera apps icon and it made it semi difficult to see.5 stars for the app fitting the description.1 star for how much I want to use it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app works as described. I have an EVO 4G and I did not experience any lags. The live wallpaper is almost like a mini game as you can tap on screen to make the jack-o-lanterns explode and the bats fall. There is a counter on the lower-left to keep track of how many you got. You are also able to select from 4 different backgrounds, fog amount and speed, pumpkin and bat amount. Overall this is a neat little app for this months event. The graphics look much better compared to the 4th of July fireworks live wallpaper app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My friends have iPhones and they were playing with the official Zippo app and back then we didn't have Zippo for the Android... I found this app and installed it (it was $0.99 back then now its free) when I should it to our friends they were in awe that ours was so much more realistic... Its sad though the author has moved on and made this app free and has never made any more cases...The one thing I would love is if the author made one last change to allow user imported images for cases... if i could get 2 more requests then make a user selectable color scheme for the flame colors as well... (meaning chose one of the presets or a user selected color scheme)Thanx for making such a great app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "works well, easy set up if you already have a blog, tap the bottom center, 3 lines in a boxadd a blogpreferences: comment notify, update interval,  play a sound, vibrate, blink,post a signature, tag line to new postscan add a new post, new page, quick photo/video, display pages, view comments[ edit, reply, spam, approve, trashsettings, account details,, media,[ set default  image size, upload/link to full or scaled imagelocation, geotagging the post,reader option, this is where you will find the blogs your are following,stats, tracks the viewswould give it a 5 star, missing the logout. option, can not figure out how to logout."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this app for a month or 2 now.  I love it. It makes it very easy to post - update - edit- to your blog. You can upload videos or images. It has a drop down for category so you can see which ones you are using. There isn't one for tags though. Something I wish I had known prior to using more tagging then categories on my site. Everything works pretty flawlessly.  You can browse to your gallery and then click share and share to your wordpress blog. My only problem is that if you post pictures through here and you have a lightbox plugin on your site it doesn't seam to allow the images to lightbox out . I have to repost them."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a good app.  It doesn't do anything that IMDB on your laptop or desktop doesn't do identically.  However, if you want to experience a genius use of IMDB, install the Google Chrome Browser onto your laptop or desktop. Then add the free IMDB extension for that browser.  Next time you are reading about a tv show or movie, highlight it with your cursor.  All of a sudden, the extension lights up on your toolbar with a red number.  That number is the rating for the movie or tv show.  If you want to read more, click on that red number and a new tab will open and you are there on the very page and can read the synopsis, reviews, cast list, etc., I use it every single day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm sorry to IMDb for this review. Maybe it could be useful, if I cared about looking up movies/music/whatever this app does. But, this app was automatically installed on my phone (Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)when it automatically updated to the Jelly Bean software version. I guess Amazon and Motorola and Google are all paying each other off - because now I am stuck with FIVE apps from them that I cannot delete. Please let me delete this - I bought my phone for a lot of money, I should not have to have your junk on it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's true that this app doesn't have any additives and is really just a link to the IMDb website.  But, for me, it proved very useful today at a presentation where a former film critic for a major newspaper was discussing various films.  I was able to quickly access the IMDb website on my Kindle Fire, which proved quite useful in following the discussion.  I had previously used the website to look up movie times and to see where a movie was playing locally but I would not have used it in an audience setting if not for the app, which made it very easy to access the IMDb website.  For me, it's a valuable tool to have."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I haven't seen any reviews that include this, so I'll edit if I figure out a way to avoid this. When you die in the game, you start over. Not the level, no... the entire game. Back to the first dungeon. Also, apparently I have to be very careful about hitting quit, otherwise your progress won't be saved. Other than those two issues I have, the game is fun. I feel a little helpless when I can't find a new word though."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have to agree with many other reviewers that it is frustrating to not be able to have your progress saved.  It is also a bit Monty Hall when looked at as a quest game instead of purely as a timed word game.It is a challenging word game, especially when you are attempting to make a word from rapidly shifting letter tiles.  I also find the objects found after defeating the various foes pretty amusing.All in all, a cute little word game with an interesting slant, good for a waiting-room game.  With a little more complexity (ie collecting found items for a bonus,  or perhaps an honest-to-goodness quest), and the option to save your progress,  this has the potential to be a 5-star game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like this word game because it has a different twist to it.  I actually worked a little harder to find longer words which I was able to do. So far I have only made it to level 8 and when you make it this far you are occasionally given a cool book of lore which gives you a choice between two rewards. It does seem to get challenging in a hurry, but that is okay with me because it last about the right amount of time for playing. I am happy that it closes when you exit the game.  Also I thought the game gave enough vowels and appropriate consonants to actually be able to spell words. I feel intrigued enough to want to keep playing. Highly recommend."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoy playing it, but the first time I played it I got 9 dungeons in and the game quit responding and when I went back into it I had to start over from the 1st dungeon.I believe the game should save progress after every completed dungeon so if something happens or you just have to stop the game before dying or completing the dungeon you can reopen the game later on and continue from where you left off.Also instead of completely starting over each time maybe you should incorporate different lands or something that consists of a group of 5 or so dungeons that you can restart from if you die."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am beyond frustrated.  Three times the game has completely disappeared in the middle of play.  When I open it again,  the game has started over.Then,  my last game I got to level ten on normal mode and out of nowhere the game to my touch.  I helplessly watched as I went from 20 hp to death.  What a waste.  Great concept,  game breaking bugs.  It wouldn't  be fair if I didn't write the developer to try and solve this,  so I will,  and we will see if my rating changes."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Really, this one is about a 3.5 for me.  However, I can't rate it that, so I rounded it down.  It's not good enough to round up to 4.The gameplay is simple enough, make words to defeat monsters.  However, it can get tricky because you get the same letters throughout an entire dungeon.  So, if you fight a bunch of bad guys, you can run out of ideas.  If that happens, you'll probably die.To be honest, I probably wouldn't have paid money for this game.  But, it was free today and it looked decent, so I got it.  Maybe I'll like it better over time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Interesting game. I could care less for the story line but the game with its levels and bonus letters is fun and challenging. The dictionary that you play with has words that even people with a good vocabulary will never find them all. I like that it reminds you if you have already used a word. and that it allows plurals and other varients of the same word. Makes the game fun even for the children. It has three levels of play and that is good too. Over all its a little above average. Not my favorite game but certainly not one to uninstall the first day you have it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved the game! I am a big fan of word games and the extra challenge of finding words to kill dungeon monsters makes this word game really fun! I loved the concept! my only complaint is that it was a little too easy on normal mode. I finished all 25 levels in about 45 minutes. I am looking forward to trying it on expert mode next. definitely worth the free download today! if you like word games like boggle or scramble, you will almost certainly like this game too! Also has a kids mode. based on the difficulty level of normal mode, kids mode would probably be fun for kids between 9 and 12."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Simple voice recording is perfect. It even eliminated the tv sounds which I had playing loud in the background.As far as importing wavs and mp3's, it failed. I went into further testing to see if it would play the first track while I record with it on the second which was the whole reason I paid for the app but it fails again. If you are just looking for a perfect sound  or voice recorder for you tablet, then look no further but as far as recording song and music ideas, look else where."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like this app a lot and have listened to several books.  You get one free audible book and after the first month, there is a monthly fee.  If you are pinching pennies this might not be for you.  You get a free credit each month for one free book.  To me, that more than pays for the fee.  There are also offers for books that can be purchased at low rates. I bought a book for $7.95 this month.  It's a very good deal, for me. It's easy to order books...I go to audible.com on my desktop computer, browse through the books, and place my order. I wait a few minutes, go to my Kindle and bring up the Audible book App...click on download. Some books take several minutes to download...Easy Peasy! I love it, you can control the volume and the speed of the reader."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app definitely needs some work.  I have been an Audible subscriber for 10 years = many, many audio books in my library.  There are  NO JUMP LINKS in this app.  If I want to get to a title that starts with &#34;W&#34;, I have to scroooooooollllllll alllll the waaaaaayyy to the boottttttttoooom.  Give us the option of an alpha jump list!!  It's not rocket science.I'm not too impressed with Amazon for Apps either.  It took about 12 times of searching for this app for Amazon to spit it out in the search results.  I really like the Android mini-tablet but the software offerings are not quite yet ready for prime time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "However, now with Audibles new format unfortunately you can NOT download anything using IE anymore unless it is a temporary thing and it was frustrating to find this out and unfortunately I had no choice but to download Chrome Browsers in order to be able to get into my account and work as usual. But I have to say that their new format &#34;SUCKS&#34; sorry but it does not only because of the change in Browsers but the new format is NOT as easy to naviagate as the original format...my thought is &#34;if it is not broken DON'T FIX IT&#34;!To me it is very frustrating and I did NOT like the fact that AUDIBLE DID NOT INFORM THEIR CLIENTS/MEMBERS OF THESE CHANGES AND THAT WE WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO USE INTERNET EXPLORER...it worked just fine before!SO DISAPPOINTED"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I did have this app and have since deleted it AS MUCH AS I CAN.It seems it will not delete fully and I am . frankly, sick of trying all ways to GET RID OF IT!I deleted from apps.I deleted from cloud.I deleted it from manage your kindle.I deleted it from the apps in my kindle fire hd 7 inch (the settings sections) and it still shows as taking up over 8 MB of my kindle space.I wish to remove it please.It seems then that this app is invasive in some way and my extra app uninstaller and my virus/malware protection devices do not help either.I really would like to award this no stars at all with all the trouble it has caused AND CONTINUES TO BE WITH ME despite my best efforts."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like that I can do others stuff while listening to a book. Great app very intuitive, stop and pick up where you left off. I have not tried the listen to and then switch over to reading in the kindle app where you left off listening in the audible app, but I believe since they are sister apps why would they not work flawlessly? I like some of the books offered in the audible selection, there is enough audible books to keep my attention. I like that they offer daily specials at deep discounts!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this App after signing up with Audible for a monthly subscription for my Kindle Fire HDX. I purchased 2 Audible versions of books I own so wanted to be able to also listen using my cell phone (Android) when I don't have my Kindle. I downloaded this APP, signed in to my account and got an error message &#34;Password Error&#34; over and over again - 4 separate times, removing the App, then reinstalling it, retyping email address and password, repeatedly.... Ugh! So, I  decided to use the Online Technical Support Chat option to find out what was going on. I then get somebody who's even more ignorant than myself so, in my opinion, this App has been a huge waste of time. Sure hope Audible's products are okay with my Kindle because I sure can't use it for my cell. If this is how Audible performs, I will be quickly cancelling my account."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app really saves me a lot of time. It takes only a second to get an internet price. I'll be all up in Walmart looking at hammers or shovels or bone saws or something and the Amazon app is all like \"Yo dawg, I'll get you that sheeeiit for half price AND I'll ship it right to your house fo FREE!\" When the Amazon Prime benefits kick in it's a joyous occasion. I'm celebrating this app's magnificence with 5 stars. Do it.Do it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've had this app since 2011 and have been very happy with it.  However, last week I was prompted to update it so I did.  What a mistake!  Now it doesn't work.  It says it does not support digital purchases.  Then in physical merchandise, there is no Buy button.  So it doesn't work!  I've got it installed on a Samsung Galaxy 3S phone, the same device I've had it on for over a year.  So it was that last update that rendered it unusable for Samsung products.  If you have it already and it is working, DON'T UPDATE it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Does a great job of presenting and integrating the app store as well as installation. The other marketplaces could learn a lot from the Amazon Appstore App. There is just one frustrating failing that really needs to be addressed soon. If you delete an app and REALLY don't want it any more there is NO WAY to remove it from your list of Apps in the Appstore App. It just sits there forever, cluttering up the interface. Huge over sight that quickly devalues the interface and usability for anyone that (un)installs more than a few apps."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wish review people would stop making it mandatory for us to write something, maybe we just want to give it a good star rating and go about our day. Crazily enough some of us may be too busy to fill out some long review about an app for our phone or tablet. That's not to say its not a good app but I'm just saying requiring us to type something seems like a dick move, maybe you'll consider changing it or maybe I'm just blowing smoke but more often then not I opt to not do reviews because I don't feel I should be required to type anything. Thanks for the app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Unlike most other apps that only want a few hundred dollars to keep the game up-to-date, this app is like staring down into the main intake of the money shredder of the US Mint.  Very habit forming, much worse than heavy drugs, it's SO easy to tap away all your money, creating a deluge of really nice Amazon &#34;stuff&#34; you don't really need as much as food or toilet paper./SARCASM OFF/Darn, look!  There's that new Android game for my tablet.....no, No, NO!  Haalllp!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It does a decent job with just searching, so props for that..I guess. It's ok for price comparing, but there are apps that do just that better. Lacks a lot of the convenience amazon is known for. Can't really just browse, which for an app, thats exactly what i'd actually want to do. As other guy mentioned, the permissions this app asks for, a little strange. With that and the overall experience this app feels more like bloatware, something that verizon would stick on a phone, than a clean app that makes my life easier. Lot of potential in a good amazon app, so I hope they put more time into this."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this for my Nexus 7 tablet. It works as expected, allowing me to search for and order items, and also to access my previous orders, wishlist, etc.  The user interface is considerably simplified compared to the full browser page version. That's appropriate because most Android devices, smartphones and tablets, have much less screen area to display info.  It's a free app, so there's no downside to trying it out. You may like it. If not, you can always user your browser app to connect to Amazon.com"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "How could I live without this app? If you need to find apps. for your tablet this is the way to go! It's simple to use finds what your looking for in a heart beat. This is the one I use the most. I can even use it to purchase apps. or products while moving about the house or any place I have3 a WiFi connection. ( mine is not a phone, just a 4&#34; internet tablet) The only problem I ever have with it is, I loose my connection. This is no fault of the Amazon application. I highly recommend this App. AMAZON MOBILE.  Semper Fidelis"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While traveling in our RV, my sister-in-law phoned us: the plastic cap on her Nissan food jar had broken, and she uses that jar almost daily. Using this app on our LG Ally, I quickly found the item on Amazon, ordered it, and sent it on its way to her house a thousand miles away. She had it 2 days later. We bought the original jar for her from Amazon, so it was easy to find again. Trying to do this on a laptop would have required a wifi link, but none was available. Great service from Amazon and an easy-to-use Android app from Amazon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I find it hard to give Amazon my money when the shopping experience is so frustrating. The app can't filter by price, by free shipping, by ratings.. I can see my order history and tracking, which is good, but there's no link to the items so I can reorder or write a review. Clicking on the &quot;full site&quot; link sorta works, except as soon as you click on a link, it reverts to mobile. I usually give up and don't end up buying what I was looking for, so I'm calling this app a failure."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Love this one.Very cool,you could listen to it all day and into the night.Oneof the many features is that you can literally listen to any band in the world.I have relatives living in the states and a broad and be able to dial into their towns and hear not only police traffic but also their weather.Just another great feature is going to the browse section,it will tell you if anything major is happening in a city that is going on.To many features to list,just sit back and enjoy playing with the scanner."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This application gives anyone with a internet accessible device the ability to scan local police and emergency services. Not only that it will scan police and emergency services where ever you are. just go to the browse menu and browse for service where ever you happen to be. I have this on all my phones and even my kindle fire HD. You can go to Wal-Mart or Radio Shack and buy a scanner for a hundred bucks but why would you spend the money when you can just download this scanner on your  internet device?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've had the pro version of this app for over 2 years. Absolutely love it! We live 2 blocks from the fire station &amp; becuse I'm nosy, it's perfect for finding out why the sirens are going off. This app uses internet streams that people broadcast to the internet, not the actual fire/police frequencies. The scanner is in real time though, because of the internet streaming you won't be able to get car to car, specific police or anything like that unless the person streaming that area is also streaming those frequencies. If you want that kinda stuff buy a real scanner, but if you just wanna know what's going on get this app. If you get the free version too you can stream 2 different frequencies. I scan the county &amp; city police with free version &amp; county fire/ambulance with pro version. This is the best app of this kind. I've tried them all. Great app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for an app to use as a scanner and while the free version on this app is fine the PRO version is finer. I use the things one puts on the home screen to listen to both police and fire but I have to manually switch between the two. I wonder if we could choose our favorites and then have the app &#34;scan&#34; each of them? I know it must be possible, it's in the name, but I haven't figured out how it can be done. Also I worry that the source website counts on it's users to provide content and you know how fragile that can be. I mean people are fallible and at the most critical times they may just forget to turn on their home scanners. Then what do we do?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am a former busy amateur radio enthusiast, but about the only thing I do with my radio now is to listen to police, fire, and other channels.  This device is SO much better than using my radio.  If I can't find something in my own area, I can listen into channels in so many other places where they are always busy.  I am very glad I got this item, and I recommend it to everyone else to pay the small price for some very good entertainment."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "the whole family really enjoys playing this game and u can play again and again there is no limits even playing on one player is great u can adjusts the level of the computer player for easy (my 5 year old ) or hard for the adults u can also choice must jump my husband said that is the only real way to play and it helps our younger son because if u have a jump it will only let u do that move so it is helpful.  I enjoy it off but it is fun no madder what. end of stories great game"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This to date is the best mobile checkers app I have come around, game play is great and the UI interference is well designed, the android computer opponent can be set to challenge your level of experience, this app also includes 2 player mode so you can play against your folks. Overall I would definitely recommend this app to anyone looking or a good time and a sturdy checkers app on the go. There is also a free version of this app called checkers free which is basically the same, but if you enjoy this game frequently remember to support its creators who brought you the opportunity to enjoy it, you will also want the paid version if you detest advertisement which can get annoying and in the way of your game play. This publisher also offers an outstanding chess app if you like to play chess, it's called chess premium or chess free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Hi I have a Kindle Fire and also have a 6 year old grandson. We are always looking for games to play. I am always looking for thinking games to play and Checkers is a great beginner for a little one to test their skills. I deleted the game not because we didn't like it but my grandson plays other games. So please it's a great game for any age you can play against the computer or 2 player. Try it I am sure you will enjoy playing it. And of course it's free!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As many have said, this follows a very similar premise to the classic. Pac-Man. The controls are very simple and easy to use, and I like that it's not a joystick like other games. I move off joysticks and lose control, having a control point to touch around is very nice.The 'calibration' (moving the control point) is supposed to be long-pressing the control point for 3 seconds, but for me it seemed more like 5-6 seconds.The messages do pop-up quite frequently, so turning them off is a must (haven't done it yet, but noticed a review said you could). A better option would be text popping up along the top, not a box pausing the game every 5 seconds.Great game, love it, love the new control point control scheme, far easier to use than virtual joysticks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game presents a clean aesthetic where you control a square that must escape the other &#34;evil&#34; squares trying to catch you.  You get some neat powerups that let you destroy them (like the power pellets in Pac-Man) and there are some other puzzle-type elements.  However, after just a few levels you feel as if the game has run out of ideas and you're stuck just playing more difficult versions of the previous levels.  It also tries to present a &#34;story&#34; with quotes from certain other block characters but it all falls a little flat."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't even care to download this game, because we have determined that it doesn't work properly on the Kindle Fire (which hasn't stopped Amazon from selling it at a 30% windfall). But I do want to post a proper 1-star review to make up for the obvious developer reviews, which all have the same wording and a similarly poor grasp on spelling and grammar. And of course, we'll need to make up for the Brit who called everyone a &quot;twit.&quot; Isn't Hexage a British company? Hmm...Now, off to review their other app, which one of the shill reviews has graciously tipped us of too."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Anyone who doesn't give this game a proper chance and passes it off as a pac-man ripoff is sorely missing out.  It has action, puzzle-solving, stealth, and humor.  It requires quick thinking and reflexes, tests your wits under pressure, and is a whole heck of a lot of fun to play.  The simplistic graphics are crisp and vibrant.  The controls, while not perfect, get the job done.  I did have a bit of trouble during the last couple of levels where pinpoint accuracy is required to successfully evade the onslaught of red blocks, but this was far from detracting enough to keep me from loving it.  I never expected to like this game so much, but it turned out to be a real treat."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "We need more games with this much style. I absolutely love the retro look with the hard-edged, pixelated characters but with the added blooming it knocks it out of the park. It doesn't hurt, of course, that the game itself is fun to play. It's like a cross between Pac-Man and its knock-offs (Lock 'n' Chase comes to mind).If anyone is annoyed with the touch screen controls, you can connect a Bluetooth keyboard and use either its directional arrow keys or the WASD keys to control the character.  :D"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is like a new, modern version of Pac-man, just without turning the ghosts blue. The game is a little more maze-like than Pac-Man and you have to think sometimes in order to solve certain puzzles. The graphics are decent but the sound got annoying in a hurry. Make sure to turn off that music! I did find this challenging enough to want to keep playing for a while.While it is pretty fun, but I found myself frustrated with the controls as I would try to be going a certain direction but my finger had slid too far away from the control area and I would stop moving altogether. Or fitting in some tighter spots can be a little difficult. I did get better with practice, but I kept getting frustrated by them."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was a big fan of their other game, Radiant HD, so I was expecting another great one here. Although this isn't my typical genre of game, the premise is promising. Unfortunately, the game is ruined by a tiny control pad in order to navigate around. Yes, you can move the joystick location by holding down it down, but my issue is with the size of it. It is simply just too small, so you're constantly pressing on the wrong direction or area. Fix this minor problem and this game would get five stars from me!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I rarely review apps, but had to on this. I get a little tired of everyone complaining about permissions all the time. If you want games on your phone, that's the name of the game. Some of the most fun games I have, are loaded with invasive permissions. I am not doing this to balance dev reviews, although I believe that is a shady practice by devs. This is an honest review. This game blows. Not even hd graphics like it suggests. Pac man is 2.99, go with that. I installed to see for myself, often reviews are inaccurate. I played the first level, and uninstalled before I got the email from amazon. Not worth the space it takes up."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this game is way better than pac-man because it has more things you can do then pac-man. I wont give any of the secrets away, but u can move stuff and trigger things and even get shockers that make the red squares(bad guys) freeze for a bit...( kind of like pac-man). There is only one thing I would change and that would be the controls. idk how I would improve them,but now they are abut hard and ive died a few times because of them. but besides that, this game is awesome!! #waybetterthanpac-man(;"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really enjoyed this at first, but eventually the non-intuitive and clunky controls made it impossible to move blocks or escape the red guys at a fast enough  pace.Another annoying thing was the messages from the evil guy would interrupt the game and put a modal dialog box on top of the screen which obscured the maze. You'd have to click to dismiss it and meanwhile you were interrupted in the middle of escaping from the red guys, and when the box went away you'd have to quickly figure out where you are and what you were doing. I lost a lot of life points because of this. They should have the boss's taunts appear in an area separate from the maze so it doesn't interrupt the game.Otherwise the game was fun, and the power-ups were a nice addition to Pac-man."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use to love the Dictionary.com app. Now, I tolerate it. The most recent version tries to predict what word I'm looking up, and it's nearly always wrong. Sometimes when typing in a word, it will display a drop-down menu with a list of possible words. My word will be in the list and I will click on it, but at least a third of the time, it doesn't know the word. How can the word be in your drop-down list, but you don't have a definition for it?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i am a creator who relies on writing for much of what i do. when i copped my Kindle Fire i immediately went to the dictionary that came w/it. while it is an excellent dictionary IMHO, it is not the most intuitive when it comes to looking up words. i've been using the Dictionary.com site for a few years now, so i started using it through the web browser. since navigating sites w/mobile devices can be tedious at times i installed this app when i found out it existed. it does exactly what i need it to do. when i get some loot i'll likely cop the ad-free version.i highly recommend this app if words are important to what you do."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I find my spelling has gotten worse throughout the years and I always want a dictionary available. (I like to think this is a result of a dependence on spellcheck, rather than age!) As a former English teacher, I love being able to check the spelling or find that perfect word in my posts, saving myself the embarrassment of getting caught slaughtering our language online. I find myself using my Kindle more for posting, now that I have the convenience of Dictionary.com with me on this devise as well as on my computer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Maybe its this generation but its so much easier to go to the app then find a real dictionary. Not to mention this goes with you anywhere without adding 5lbs. Love the thesaurus also, comes in handy since I do a lot of puzzles. Even as an adult you are always comming across new words so having it speak the word is a nice feature. And granted I don't look at the word of the day every day I think its another great feature. Before my son uses the free time on the kindle I am going to have him to an exercise using this app and the word of the day before he plays any games."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This App, is a really good app, complete, with a lot of interesting link, and the pronounce of the wordOf course to save the precious memory of our Android devices, the database is on-line, so when you can't have connection, the program doesn't works.Some android devices can install application on a additional memory card, and a release of the app, installable on a memory card, working off line will be great.So if you have no problem to stay on line, this is a really great app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I think it's a very competently designed app, which would be invaluable if I didn't already have a good web browser and access to Dictionary.com's webpage.  While it does have a few features, not available on the website, none seem necessary to me.  As such, I feel it's a very good app, but not a good match for my personal needs - I've since uninstalled it, to free up resources.  However, for many other folks, it might indeed be very worthwhile."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the best dictionary ever. My son told me about this and it has everything in it and so easy to read- plus it speaks the word for you!  awesome.. the definitions are easy to understand.  I just love the word of the day.!  It had a problem for a few days and when I told them about it they fixed it so fast. ! I share all the word of the days with my friends. This is the one to get. Awesome people!plus it has Spanish words. !"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As dictionary apps go it is what it should be, full of words and their meanings. It tends to be a little light on meanings and potentially relevant examples or use in context. I use it alot and enjoy the word of the day feature, but the word of the day doesn't update every day (not sure if it is an application hang-up or if the publisher doesn't update daily). It also has a great audio feature on how to pronounce the word (which is cool!). There are some other neat features and factoid tabs that offer an intellectual distraction from time to time. A very solid 4-star recommendation. As a freebie it is solid."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this app is great and very handy.  the kindle fire comes with a downloaded dictionary but if you wanted to find a word it would take a very long time.  u might not even find the word.  my English teacher makes my class do sentences on words people have never heard before.  I have to write down a definition for the word and half the time I cant even read it because of my handwriting. but with this app I can just type in the word and it comes up instantly.  so if you have a kindle fire with the bad dictionary than I highly recommend this app.  and any smartphone for that matter."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a simple app that I thought my young grandchildren would enjoy. I was surprised that the 3 yr old isn't interested in it & the 2 yr. old gets bored quickly. I actually have fun with it...hmmm...what does that mean? Anyway, some reviewers state that younger children have fun with it.You can make a big bubble by holding your finger on the screen, or several bubbles by touching & moving your finger around the screen. Tapping a bubble will break it. Just like real life some of the bubbles break on their own. Nice bubble sounds.It works fine on my Kindle Fire HD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great Graphics and lots of options for display and play settings make this one a keeper.  Most other Solitaire apps are either very low graphic quality or paid app with too much excess stuff included.  This nice app has ads but they are on left side of screen where they do not bother at all on my Xoom tablet.  I got this app to replace a Solitaire App by &quot;Mobility&quot; that has now added some OBJECTIONABLE ADS for Dating sites, etc.  Luckily I found that  ODESYS has done a nice job with this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There are two things I ask of a Klondike-type of solitaire program--Vegas scoring rules and a deck of cards that is easy to read.  Most (but not all!) programs have Vegas scoring, but very few have visually appealing cards.  They are invariably, crude, fuzzy, or just plain unpleasant to look at.  Solitaire (Free) is one of two apps of the nearly dozen I've looked at that satisfy both of my criteria.  The other is Klondike Solitaire by Softick Ltd.  Unfortunately, Amazon system won't let me insert a link to the Amazon page for the other app, but you can find it by using Amazon's search feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The game is good but there is nothing new in this version of the game... I have played many different versions of this game for PC, and Android.. Almost all are identical .. the only thing the really changes is the graphics from game to game and the design. but the play is the same and the rules are the same as well. Fun and challenging game to kill some time. Not a game I would keep on my Tablet for to long only cuz it only has 112 levels and in a matter of 2 minutes I beat the first 10 already.. seems too easy but it's still a time killer. Fun game for kids to play to keep the distracted. 4 stars for the game only cuz it lacks change that sets it apart from the rest."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you've played one version of this type of game, you've pretty much played them all. There's nothing uniquely special about this version (other than the price - I was able to pick it up when it was the free app of the day). It's your standard block moving game... rearrange the blocks to clear the puzzle and move onto the next. A great little game to pick up and tinker with for short periods of time while waiting for the train, bus, at the doctor's office, etc. This one is exactly what I expected it to be."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Overall, I would just rate this game as \"ok\" and not something I am going to keep on my Kindle Fire - the puzzles can be challenging here and there, but it's really one of those mind-numbing things where you move a few Tetris-looking shapes around trying to get a certain shape into a certain area of the grid.The menu structure for this game is fairly non-existent once you start play.  If you are in the middle of the \"novice\" section as an example, and would like to move to a different challenging level, nothing really happens if you tap the \"Menu\" item on my 8.9\" Kindle Fire.I picked this up for free as the free app of the day vs. it's normal price of $0.99 - for free, it's worth a shot, but save your buck once they start charging for it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have liked sliding games in the past and this one for the Kindle fits the bill. Graphics are simple but colorful. The music is very pleasant and not irritating. Game play may be a bit slow on certain touched, but overall not bad. The only thing I do not like is the fact that I think it might be almost impossible to make the target score. Every square you move to counts as one move. The movement of one piece should count as one no matter how far you move. Download and enjoy!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really like the app. This slide puzzle modifies to play in both angels on your fire it also has soothing music that you can turn off however if it annoys you. There are no penelties for going over the given moves to solve which allows you to try more puzzles.  It doesn't hold you back do my 6 yr old is happy after move 100 when he finally solves the harder ones but to be honest this only held his attention for three plays. I don't see myself playing it often but it is a nice game for those who enjoy these and to me was calming.Florida Mom"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was lured by the first 15 puzzles. I was cocky and feeling full of myself.Then \"BANG!\" I was thrown a tough one. I was not so cocky any more! The puzzlesin this game are good strategy builders. The target number of moves seems easy at first,until you realize that each move is scored by the smallest square on the board. So far,I have only done one puzzle that I came even close to matching the target number of moves.That, however, will not deter me from trying to beat it!! Give it a try, and you will beamazed, frustrated, elated and relieved!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The thing that stands out the most is the copy/paste feature for your usernames and passwords. It puts 2 ongoing notifications in your notification bar. So suppose you open your bank app, which resets when you goto another app. You pull down the notification bar, click the username notification and paste it into your bank app; repeat for the password. Ultra convenient.Plus, the passwords are encrypted multiple times (as many times as you specify), and the password file just saves on your SD card - if your phone kills over, you still have your passwords on your card.Finally, the organization is simple and easy to use: make categories and group the types of data together.GET THIS APP!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Perhaps I don't understand the program all that well, but I have used Rob oform for years and can't get along without it.  Unfortunately, it has no Android app.  If I could find a way to import my Roboform passwords, I would like it a lot better.  The thought of having to add 100s of them into a new data base is daunting.  I'm not sure if the resulting KeePass Droid data base is encrypted or not.  Wi-Fi is so vulnerable."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't like this game very much, they have words that you don't even know. I bought this app because I wanted something fun to do. I did a few games and I noticed it had kind of hard words. I had it on the setting, animals, and it had kind of animals I didn't even know. If you're someone with a large vocabulary then you would love this app. But if you're someone who is.a super genius then I wouldn't recommend this app. e"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There were some really hard words on the easy mode, so I can't imagine what words they have on the hard mode. I wish it could give you some clues, at least. It's annoying how in like six missed letters, you loose. One time I played alone and got 3-28. I was getting owned by my own Kindle Fire! This app is certainly not for kids because it's too hard. The time might come when you stop trying and you're just pressing random letters... Very annoying."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can't vouch for its completeness or its accuracy, or how up-to-date it is, but I have used it to review real estate prices in several areas around the country, and it came up with a lot of data very quickly.  It settled a kind of argument between me and my wife; turns out I was right that a house down the block has been on the market for over a year.  You can probably find this same kind of data more quickly and easily on a computer, but if you just have a phone, this is a great little tool."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "if I could best believe I would give zero stars! why you ask!? because I was able to open this once. one time. the first time. after that it force closes before the app fully opens! I am not exaggerating when I say I have tried over 100 times in the past 2 days to open this spit up. I try turning my kindle off then on. nothing. I try getting closer to my routed. nothing. I even prayed that this here would open. nothing nothing NOTHING!!!!!FIX THIS CRAP AND I WILL GIVE BETTER RATING. OTHERWISE IM GIVING 3 DAYS AND WILL DELETE THIS WASTE OF SPACE.see what y'all done did. I never give one star reviews but ya made me..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've used Zillow on an iPad and loved it, and I was very happy to see it in the Amazon Android app store. It installed and runs fine on my Kindle Fire. I'm not planning to move anytime soon, so I don't really NEED Zillow, but it's one of the most interesting apps I've seen, so I WANT it. Let's face it, it's fun to look up friends' and relatives' homes and see what they're worth. Call it anonymous snooping!Zillow keeps getting better and better, with its filters, graphs of value over the years, and actual photos of many houses. The Kindle Fire has a big enough screen size that it's easy to view properties from a Google Earth view on one side and a Charts and Data view on the other side.A very useful app and one that could be extremely valuable for anyone planning to buy or sell a property."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "After entering my FL Zip Code, the data that appeared is in Hamilton, IN.  And, there seems to be no way/nobody to contact at Zillow when you see a &#34;problem&#34;.  Other issues include incorrect values of properties and listing of sale of my residence since I have been living here???  No way was my property sold to anyone but me!  Also, recent sale $ of property in my neighborhood is incorrect!?  Can't use this app since it's not reliable."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been a subscriber to Zillow's web site for almost 2 years. This application does much more than what I was ever able to do on my phone. I have had great success in saving my searches for specific properties as well as searching for specific locations. This is a tool that I would rate as a must have for someone wanting to relocate, research, or invest in property. I would strongly recommend this application! I have not once been disappointed in my research using the Zillow app on my Kindle Fire."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Zillow just seems to be lacking in a lot of listings that I have seen for the &#34;homes near me&#34; from other apps that I have used. It's almost strange that I can turn on a different app and find 10 houses near me for sale in my price range, but with Zillow I can't even find 10 houses for sale near me in any price range. I still use it when I'm searching, in hopes that something will pop up. Usually, it doesnt. It is detailed when I finally find a listing though!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "no wonder this spit was free when i got it cuz if i paid a penny for this crock of bull ida been pissed. they missing quite a few holidays like CHRISTMAS for example! I really don't get how a calender app could be so off the bucket. no fathers day as well! wtf I mean really? its unfinished apps like this here that show either lack of common knowledge or rushing on the developers behalf. I usually never give 1 star ratings but the fact they tryna charge 99cent for it I had to cuz that gotta be fixed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't know what some of the people are complaining about.  This app on my Kindle Fire shows all the holidays that I can think of and I can't find any missing.  It is a great little app for calculating the number of days between two dates and has enough other features to help with other date related information (find a week number of a date or vice versa, learn about a specific date, add or subtract from a specific date, show events for a date, or show upcoming Friday the 13th dates for the superstitious crowd.At 345K on the Kinddle Fire it is not a space hog in the least.  Overall, I would have given this a 4 out of 5 just because it is so specific an app, but I disagree with many of the low ratings for this app so I've given it a 5 to offset some of the undeserved bad press."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm appalled at the level of ignorance and vitriol in these reviews. How can this app steal contact data when it doesn't have network permission? Access to contact data is required to add birthdays, anniversaries, or appointments. It's a shame that ignorance and anger is leading to fewer developers submitting good apps for FAotD. Amazon app reviews are rife with ignorant trolls who have inflated egos, an unwarranted sense of entitlement, and who aren't half as smart as their smart-phones.This app works great for its intended purpose. It's a handy adjunct to my Google Calendar."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "A great app for storing your passwords securely. Available for Android, PC, Mac, and iOS - though it isn't cheap and it really doesn't need to be expensive for what you get. I am a software developer and have worked with encryption quite a bit myself. The work that went into this app doesn't warrant charging 10 bucks for every platform you use it on. I wish they had a buy it once and use it anywhere policy as at 10 bucks, that would be more than fair."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Yesterday, I upgraded my Evo to Gingerbread. After the update, the password manager that I was using wouldn't even open. I was perturbed. This morning I checked the Amazon free app of the day, and saw this. I downloaded it, and am in the process of retreiving all of my passwords one by one to enter in to this app.This app has many customizable categories, many of which I will never use. So, I just delete the entire category. This app is EXTREMELY customizable.I really don't see what there is to dislike about this very useful app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The password generator is nice, especially with the options it gives.It really needs a bit better up-front documentation on the way it works as far as locking and such.My biggest concern is the permissions. I am fairly sure it's safe, and I understand why it is asking for them, but I cannot condone using any app which holds sensitive data to request any permission allowing network access and things which 'could' be used maliciously.Cool features, but not going to use anything but the generator."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I purchased this for my computer and have used it much more than I expected.  I was thrilled when Amazon offered it as a FAOTD!  I was able to easily synch with my existing account using DropBox, so no I have access to this information no matter where I am!  I prefer the computer version (keyboard is easier to use than the little one on the phone) for data entry, but it is nice to have access when I need it.  The program is essentially a database with many different configurations for storing the information.  I now use it as my address book, keep track of accounts and most importantly the various passwords required for all the different sites.  All this stuff is heavily encrypted and password protected, so I feel safe using it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i have mSecure on my PC desktop, iPod and Kindle Fire HD. I use this app everyday on my PC - I like the security of having a backup on my tablet devices. At best I can say that it's a very stable app and the sync works perfectly. At worst the Android app is way overpriced for what little value it offers. However, it's GUI is underwhelming and setting up a new type requires each and every field to be set up manually - not even a default 10 field setup or ability to copy from another form. Changing the type can result in lost fields. The copy/paste to feature is a bit wonky - but it's probably the fault of Windows or the FireFox browser."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works great on samsung vibrant, no problems with the 2.1 platform.However, this us a straight up maze game. While you may think to yourself that this has a maze section in it and that precludes all other sections from being mazes, that simply isn't the case. They are all mazes. Some mazes are a mine field of holes you have to negotiate around. Some mazes have multiple trickery objectives you can't access. Some mazes have plausible almost solutions. Don't be fooled! There is only one solution to each of these maps.If you are not good at judging the difference between one small gap and another, this is not the game for you. If you hate having to back out to start over because the ball is such in a made trap, this game is not for you. If you have hands that are in any way unsteady when you get nervous/angry/frustrated, this game will be hard for you."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm not a huge fan of the labyrinth type of game, and this is one of the less well polished versions I've tried. The graphics are quite mediocre. The ball seemed to want to catch and get hung up on everything. Many of the mazes have openings that are just a wee bit too small to get the ball through, so you have to figure out the proper path in addition to avoiding the pitfalls. Most annoying however are the moving sections, which can make the difference between finishing in a few seconds and taking a minute or more to finish.The app also has OpenFeint, for those of you who don't like being spied on.I think $4 is far too much for this game. $2 would be a more reasonable price, if it were a bit more polished. In its current state, 99 cents would be appropriate.Works on the Evo 3D and the Xoom."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played a few labyrinth type games and this one of the better ones.  The 3D is a little misleading because 3D cell phones are coming out and this does not take advantage of that feature.  It is only 3D in that it moves around several dimensions and isn't flat.The game is pretty responsive and I didn't notice any lag.  The challenges are some of the better ones I've seen.  This was actually a lot more fun than other Labyrinth games I've played and it kept my interest far longer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Was looking for a game my 3 year old could play.  It's a little complex at times on very easy due to narrow gaps, but I think he had fun with it as did I.  No excessive permissions, opted out of the social plugin.  Graphics are fun as the walls give a shift in perspective making a 3d feel as you look done.  Recommend for something to pick up and play quick without feeling like you have to play longer unless you want to.  Check it out while it's free!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was glad to see this game offered for free on Amazon. I had the free version, ad supported, and ended up uninstalling it. The ads were just way to annoying trying to play, other than that I loved this game. It's very challenging, and forcing you to focus on eye-hand control. It does get frustrating as you move up through the levels, but not enough that it isn't addicting. If you like puzzle games this is a fun game! Also works great on my HTC Evo 3g."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "A very useful app that allows you to track all of your accounts, set a budget, remind you when bills are due, even do transfers between accounts. It makes you keep actively aware of your finances.It is not connected to any accounts so you do have to keep your records as frequently as you do you check book. The app makes you accountable for your money giving you all the tools to keep an accurate accounting but it will not do it for you. If you forget or don't keep up with your spending it will fail you and frustrate you, but if you keep up with your accounts it will keep you balanced and disciplined. It has made me more accountable for my follies and more disciplined in understanding where my money is going, bad or good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "*some* people (not naming names) have posted reviews when they don't even have the app.. very sad! I have only played with a few of the functions, but so far it seems to be a pretty good financial app!  It *is* free.. if you bother to actually hit the \"purchase\" button, instead of coming on the review site and griping about something that has *nothing* to do with the performance of the app, your conformation e-mail will tell you it was free. It must be a glitch in the way Amazon posted it.. it has nothing to do with the developer, or the app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "it seems odd that a free app like mint.com will populate all of your data for you but easy money requires a tremendous amount of data input.I agree with bacchus' review below so I won't repeat it, but this app appears well suited for people who don't know how to manage their money and don't realize that 9 dollars for an app is ridiculous when a better, free app is available.the app does do exactly what it says so I will give it 3 stars but I would be very disappointed if I paid for this.thank you amazon for the free app of the day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really expected more from this app.  Wish I could get my money back.  Seems very incomplete , especially for the price tag.I hate this app!!!!!  Total waste of money.  Wanted to set up a budget, track spending etc. and I cant even get the dang thing to give me a correct balance!!!!  No instructions, no HELP offered, No headings or \"clues\" about what to do, or what not to do.  DONT BUY THIS APP UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO BURN!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "On my moto atrixI still use MS Money.  I have never found another program on my PC or my phone that I enjoy because they are all loaded with so many features.  the beauty of easy money is its simplicity.  I know the only transactions in my ledger are what I put in.  this is what I am looking for in a $ app.no this app doesn't sync or download transactions.  it is a tool that you use to stay organized. this is why I like it.Easy money has not been buggy and it lets me create backup files and that it what is most important to me.thank you handy apps for not making something anymore than what is necessary to stay organized."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "EasyMoney is pretty easy and intuitive and more importantly, it's reliable.  No big bugs to report.  I used to use Splashmoney on my old PalmPilot.  It was great.  I was going to buy the version for the Kindle Fire, but saw more than one really bad review.  So, I looked around and saw that EasyMoney had some pretty good reviews.  Once I finish putting in my budgets, and set up my regular transfers and payments, I think I will find EasyMoney very useful."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this free today, so I figured that I would check it out. In my opinion, it's not worth $10. The layout is beautiful but that's just about all it has. The biggest feature that I would like is to have this sync with my accounts. It's not here. You literally have to enter any/every transaction manually. I think this app would be helpful if I had tons of different accounts and wanted to have everything available quickly in one place, but I don't. Even if I did, I can't see why I would want to manually enter every single transaction into my phone when online banking or viewing statements online is free everywhere. It's easier for me to use Pageonce for my needs. I don't see why anyone would prefer this over any of the free money apps out there. If this app actually synced with my bank accounts automatically, I'd have made a completely different review."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been using this app for over a year now and think it's still be best money manager on Android. Devs do a great job of listening to users and adding/fixing features. Ten dollars is the most I've ever paid for an app but I consider it money well spent.Edit: I see this is the FAOTD today. Guess that means all the crazies are gonna come out to trash the rating for any number of reasons that have nothing to do with the actual app. It's a shame, really, since this is a terrific app that does what it says and does it well. I'm still using it a year and a half later... not many other apps I can say that about, if any!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been using this app since the first of the year. Most of the time it works well but I have found some errors in the Bill Reminder feature. If you pay a bill prior to the date in the Bill Reminder, you can mark it paid but then on the actual date it will post again, deducting it a second time. Luckily I check my entries every day so I can monitor this flaw.The second thing I would like to see is a way to export my entries so they can be printed out. With no way to back up this program, I worry about what happens if my Kindle Fire crashes.The reports: mostly useless."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Downloaded this when it was the FAOTD.  I've been using a planner to keep up with the budgets because I don't like programs that require access to my bank account, and because things take forever to clear that way.  I much prefer to keep track manually, so this was perfect for me.  I wish that there were bi-monthly options for payment and budgeting, and I only started actually using it on my Kindle Fire for a couple of days, but so far, bug-free and very handy!  The only other issue... $10 is a little high.  I never would have tried it if it weren't free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The apps was first released in Amazon App Store in 2011, which I got the app around that time. The app was OK but quite buggy and crash once in a while, especially if you have more than 5 financial accounts listed in the app.I tried to email the developer, no response. The app, as of 2013, has NOT been updated to the latest version.Also, if you go to Google Play Market (Google own Android app store), this application has also NOT been updated since 2012.Since the developer has abandoned this software, I strongly caution people NOT to use this app, especially for financial stuff. You may risk losing all your financial data or not being able to import it to another application."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a few accounts in a few currencies. This app doesn't have any conversion, doesn't support conversion rates, doesn't support transfer between accounts in different currencies, etc. so if I'm now in Eurozone country and use my American card to withdraw cash in euro, I can't manage this with this app. Since I have more euro cash and less dollars but it's a transfer actually. You can't also get a summary of your accounts or any reports that include add all your accounts, just currency by currency. This makes the app totally useless. AndroMoney handles it and is free. Uninstalled."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been doing this kind of cash flow monitoring in excel for many years and have finally found a good replacement with this app.  I like the future recurring transactions capability the best so I can forecast my cash flow multiple months at a time.  I would give this app the full 5 stars but the backup and export features cause the app to force close.  this is very unfortunate as I purposefully bought the app with these features in mind.  oh well.  it still rates high for me anyway.  htc incredible."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Nice Radio but watch the Radio settings.I installed it on my new Kindle Fire. It ran great until the station was changing because it was in shake mode. Please do yourself a favor and change the Apps settings so that it does not do shake mode for changing the stations. This setting stays on even after the app is shut off or removed. It will interfere with the running of the Kindle Fire. Any movement of the Fire will reset the screen, and apps. Books will not open. Hard reset will not work. Device settings will open but will not correct the problem unless you remove everything by resetting to factory defaults.I reinstalled it and it seems to work again.Other than that. Its a likeable App."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Being on the move a lot, i miss my local UK radio.  This software has opened my world again.  It was a breeze to setup the BBC radio stations and i am loving how will integrated it is to the Amazon Fire experience.The favourites section is just great and the radio discovery piece again, beautiful.  Nice touch where it detects where roughly you are in the world (based i assume on IP) and offers you the local stations.The UI is clean and sharp and listening to a radio station while using other software on the device proves no difficultly.  Sadly on the Amazon Fire, if you are listening via the browser, as soon as you move focus away from that tab, or the device blanks the screen, the radio stops.This software is the missing link ... and best of all its free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use this app a lot, especially when I travel. It really is the local radio station and not just random music.Some radio stations are not able to be played at certain times. I assume this is due to paid programming (ie Bob and Tom Show, etc) where the radio station subscribes to a program. This is frustrating, but I understand the issue. I would think that there would be a way around it because the you can listen to the radio free from that town, why not listen to it free from further away.I did find that if you listen to an actual radio and listen to TuneIn, they do not match up. There must be some delay before it get's to TuneIn. This delay is not 1 or 2 seconds but possibly minutes or several songs.It's still a great app and I use it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a 7 inch tablet just wifi and this baby has all my favorite local radio stations , is fast loading, sounds great and when i tire of them i can search the world market for something else.If you like talk radio it has all the different political preferences,and categories like religeon, etc. .If you just like comercial free oldies or classical or lite rock, what ever trips your trigger you can find it.If you see a news story say in Alaska and want to find what the locals are realy saying you can find it easily with this Tune In radio app.BTW I would like to thank AMAZON for providing the public with an astounding amount of \"FREE\" apps. Also my tablet uses FROYO kinda old now but still is able to play and use thousands of apps.."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was very pleased with this app. I have an Internet radio and it occurred to me that there should be an app for Internet radio and I found this one and gave it a shot. I was especially pleased to find the police and fire radios on it. That's a nice bonus if you hear sirens and wonder what's going on. In a matter of seconds I can have the local emergency radio channels on and be listening to what's going on. It's been a very good little app for me. I like it a lot."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Where do u begin? well its an overall good app! but u can tune into ur local radio or any station.in fact im listening to it right now as i type. you can find fav artists and songs.no glitches or viruses happend. very good for those people who really like to listen to the radio at night i know i do! Add songs and artists to ur favorite tad and either buy the song or see if its anywhere on the radio.PLZ do me a huge favor and get!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for an app that would let me listen to live streaming radio stations.  I have other apps for when I want to listen to &#34;genres&#34; of music pulled from a music library -- apps like Pandora, and even iHeartRadio.  But many of the other apps don't do live streaming -- or don't do it well.I often base my initial satisfaction with an app on how quickly I can open the app for the first time and get to what I want to do.  When I installed TuneIn Radio, it was because I wanted my favorite local FM station -- WDAV, a 24/7 Classical music station -- available when I was not at/near an FM radio.  I was up and running, listening to the station in just a minute or two.  That's &#34;ease of use&#34;."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "was tipped to this app by an Apple employee. Thanks! I needed a radio streaming app to get away from massive commercials and wimpy programming. TuneIn finds worldwide radio stations. Sometimes there are buffering issues. You can search by genre, etc. I had major buffering issues with an Itunes radio station - Venice Classical radio.  ( my favourite - just fine music, no commercials or rude interruptions like &#34;subscribe now!&#34; )Tunein has replaced Itunes Radio for this purpose. Very user friendly, many choices and a good alternative to Pandora as well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I keep raving about this app to anyone who will listen. There are so many categories. Sofar I have just concentrated on music but even there it opens up whole new worlds. If you like classical, you can listen to local NPR music station, or to one in London, or I often like Avro, a Dutch baroque music station. I have tried New Age, World Fusion, and each category gives one again several choices. And the sound of the HD Kindle Fire is just wonderful. Yes the Kindle comes to bed with me where I often will continue to listen to music with lights out. Listened to station in South Africa. One can choose music according to language. I would love the Kindle if this were the only thing it did. It is just so amazing. On my laptop I used to listen to Itunes radio but they did away with that. Don't understand their thinking. Anyway, they made changes to Itunes for the worst of it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I SAW an earlier review where someone was humorously mocking indulging in old technology (although he enjoyed the app just the same), but I live where there is only one radio station and it isn't very good.  And you don't know how wonderful radio is until you don't have it anymore.  And the sound quality is good (I set the buffer to about 25 seconds) and the quality is really good and the selection of stations is wonderful--just wonderful.  I highly recommend this app to anyone. Also, I tried the alarm feature this morning and it worked great."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was thrilled to stumble on this app with so many to choose from out there.  Great selection of stations, but users need to understand that many of the stations aren't broadcasting 24hr/7days/week.  For example, I was able to listen to the Green Bay Packers game on tunein today, but that station is only available as a live broadcast unless you buy the pro version which I understand to be buggy and/or limited with regard to recording and playback options.  However, there are many live radio stations, both local and from around the world that are available all the time.  I'm so impressed with the free version that I couldn't ask for more.  I do recommend it highly."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't write many app reviews ... because most range from useless to \"eh\". TuneIn Radio, however, is incredibly useful and amazingly fun! I can listen to local radio stations, public access radio (scanners, health services), and a huge number of world-wide stations of all sorts; both over the air and internet, including my favorite melodic pop station, Alan Haber's Pure Pop Radio!! My Kindle is now my radio, as well as my book and my gameboy! Happy am I!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for a stream to listen to the Pats playoff game.I realized I needed an app.Google App Store came up with TuneIn,great reviews so I got the free version just to hear the game......YA Right.I realized very fast that this app lets me listen to radio stations from all over the World!!It lists in real time what songs are being played on 100's of stations.If you search a band it shows what stations are playing that band.I found a 128kbs station in Hondorus that plays only Pink Floyd(some VERY deep rare songs)!! I am going to get the pro,right now,for 99c(On Amazon).With it you can record content to your memory card!! I thought Pandora was good,TuneIn blows it away.I was missing a real person talking on the other end of my \"radio\".Missing it no more.Technology is great....sometimes!! This time!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "TuneIn radio is an excellent app. For some esoteric reason, our local AM and FM stations are practically unintelligible - this application has given us a clear and reliable alternative to constantly looking for the right configuration of dial position, antenna placement, and mojo.TuneIn has a variety of useful features including a timer, alarm, presets, and a surprisingly good search function. I especially like how the search will group talk shows by how much time is remaining. It's nice to be able to catch that talk radio program at the beginning!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For starters, it's a top quality app for free. On my Kindle Fire HD, a recent update makes it perform outstandingly & without fault. I very much like the organization & selection of worldwide music with a huge range of categories. Features & functions as a clock-radio and a purchase interface have been outstanding. Battery usage is minimal. It plays for hours as I fall asleep with a darkened screen and hardly any impact on the battery whatsoever. I like the ability to create a &#34;favorites&#34; list and the &#34;car&#34; mode is super. It's hard to imagine the &#34;pay-for&#34; version being much better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "AFTER USING THE TUNEIN RADIO FREE APP FOR JUST A FEW DAYS ON MY KINDLE FIRE HDX--I COULD HONESTLY-- IMMEDIATELY --TELL YOU THAT IT IS THE BEST THING SINCE BUTTERED BREAD!  IT IS PROBABLY THE BEST APP I HAVE DOWNLOADED FROM AMAZON!  IT IS TERRIFIC!!!  I LOVE LISTENING TO MUSIC AS I WORK-- AND THIS APP IS PHENOMENAL!!  I ONLY HAVE ONE QUESTION: HOW DOES ONE DELETE A \"RECENT\" FROM THE LIST?  IF YOU CLICK ON SOMETHING IN ERROR-- YOU CANNOT GET IT OFF YOUR \"RECENT\" LIST.  GET THIS FREE APP PRONTO!  YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There are lots of glowing reviews for the good things this software does, so I will post the main reason for my three star review:The TuneIn Radio software does not shut down properly.Regardless of whether I click the \"back\" button on my Droid Charge (which ends most applications), or press Exit in the TuneIn Radio menu, the program remains running in the background, consuming precious battery power. I am forced to fire up a task manager to kill the application.The other incredibly frustrating issue with the program is that, even after I have used a task manager to forcefully kill the app., the app. occasionally restarts itself in the background.Fix those two issues and it's a five star application."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "not so long ago there was an app called &#34;tune in&#34; radio. it was a simple app/ easy to use and do what it was supposed to do, play radio stations. i had it on all my devices and it worked well. then one day the app decided to upgrade itself. where once things were simple, now i wander through the app trying to find my favorites. i don't care about emailing everyone what I'm listening to. i don't care if the makes my coffee in the morning. sometimes less is more"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When I first bought my Samsung Galaxy tablet, I used Radio.com exclusively and looked no further. But, after 3 years of using that app and enduring the countless &#34;improvements&#34; and &#34;upgrades&#34; to that app, I finally deleted it, downloaded THIS one and am glad for it! No silly nonsense of endless &#34;loading...loading...loading&#34; or &#34;Buffering...Buffering...Buffering&#34; as the Radio.com app became, this one goes right to the preset station I listen to and works flawlessly.Good Bye Radio.com, Hello TuneIn Radio! :D"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have had this app less than three days, and thus have not had sufficient time to fully evaluate it to my complete satisfaction. Yet here we are, here I am, with a request from Amazon to rate this product. First...IT WORKS! But why shouldn't it? One assumes that these free apps have been tested before they are released. The sound quality is quite good, but that's more a function of the phone than the app itself. And so there we are. Perhaps, in six months or so, when I've used this app for a while, I may reevaluate it and update this review. And I may not. In my opinion Amazon needs to reevaluate its product review policies to allow users more time before they request and expect a review."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Easily the best radio app I've seen. I replaced Slacker Radio and Scanner Radio with TuneIn as it does everything that both apps do better, and without any of the artificial limitations placed on most free apps. It certainly encouraged me to purchase the paid version. There is also no intrusive / annoying advertising.Pros:-- Wide selection of Radio stations, emergency bands, online streams, etc.-- No annoying advertising.-- No features advocating the paid version (features not available in the free version are taken out, and don't get in your way or pop up asking you to upgrade).-- UI is well done, and always keeps the currently playing station handy at the bottom so you can stop and start it quickly.Cons:-- None that I can honestly list as cons. It would be nice to be able to record radio, however, as this is in the paid version I can't honestly list it as a con."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First of all, thank you for being free and virtually popup commercial freethe setup is sahweet !You press the little heart shaped button to add a certain station to your presets or favoritesYou can also like or favorite a song playing that catches your ear (if it has that option, depends really) then you can go back to the list of songs you've accumulated then do further researchyou can go to your recently played just in case you forgot to save a stationyou can browse for radio stations allover the world.. including podcastsyou need wifi for this app but that's a given"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Who needs satellite radio with this application? Well maybe you do because the interface for TuneIn Radio is clunky.The people who designed the user interface must be mass transit commuters because I'm convinced they've never used this in a car before.You have to pull over to use make simple changes in your car. You can't do simple stuff quick enough during a red light. I get about 80% of the way there when the light turns green, then at the next red light you have to start over again. But the radio selection is excellent and the quality is great. I play it through the Blue Tooth on my car radio.I wish it had a BIG Radio Button Feature so that I could change stations easily and a Re-Connect button when I lose a connection.It's close, real close, to being a great application."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I know I must not complain because it is a free app. But if the developer takes feedback with a positive attitude then please read:1. The menu needs to be revamped with better style as there is too many things to press before one can start playing the game and is annoying.2. Most of the time the app does not seem to register taps on the menus (Tested on Kindle Fire)The game gets very challenging with lots of holes where the balls slides thru' Please make provisions for the ball to re-emerge somewhere else rather than starting from scratch it will make this app even more engaging and challenging.Please make some boards with different background colors as it might get more interesting to play rather than seeing the same color board every-time.Thanks for reading my comments."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay, this app is not free, which to me is good because most free apps ****! This app goes into detail like none other. It's not just a hokey horoscope. It goes into details about each sign. Each element. Each phase. Astro tools. And of course, don't forget the love and romance section all to itself. It's informative. It's interesting and goes way into depths of star and planet alignments...EVERYTHING.. Nope. This is not just one of those fortune cookie type things...I use it everyday. It's the first thing I look at. Even before e mails or news. Great great app. I would suggest this one above all others. And believe me, I've tried a few!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love reading anything I can find from Susan Miller. She's one of my favorite astrologers. I really appreciate her monthly forecasts online, her yearly calender, and now her app. I read my daily horoscope with the app. It's pretty helpful and accurate. There's other valuable info on there, too, like explaining the planets and houses. Also included are the fun stuff like how you match up with each sign and gift giving by the signs, ect...  I already recommended it to my friends in person and I definitely recommend it to anyone reading this who is wondering if they should get it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this one, because of the star rating. Hm, lol anyway, it really was my first choice, but I chose the glow tic tac toe game because of my six year old niece had the glow one, and, well I just was a copy catter. :-) However, I really wanted this one. I like this one because it reminds me of playing around on the black board in my old childhood days in school. I also like the audience cheering you on when you win or lose sound, compared to the glow tic tac toe game, which doesn't say anything but the plunk sound of the ex and Os, boring! This one makes me smile when I lose :-)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The planes are shooting each other, and you have a classical music in the background. Funny to me. I enjoyed playing it. It's very touch responsive on Kindle Fire, and Kindle Fire HD 8.9.  I played only a few level and enjoyed the game play so far. It's simple, and cute. Not too many buttons to press. The planes that has higher speed, makes me dizzy. It spins so fast, and moves so fast. I prefer the slower planes.  My 2 years old son love to crash the plane. Definitely worth 2.99 but I got it as free app of the day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is playing great so far. What I appreciate are that the controls are nice, and you get that 3D aspect where it feels like you are flying. That is one of the best parts for me, as it is amazingly fun, and I can see a lot of people gravitating towards this game for that particular reason. The music used in the game is beautiful and very soothing as you try to blast other planes out of the sky. The game itself is very easy to play, but going for all planes can be quite frustrating at times. It is worth the price and a fun time killer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Most games with a joystick of any type is quite hard to play without a physical controller on android, but this is by far the best I have come across. This can be attributed to its side-scrolling platform, but this just enhances play as the difficulty of 3D is taken away but replaced with loads enemies flying across your screen with different capabilities. You even get new planes after playing certain levels, which is great when you need that edge to beat a level that you can't do with your favorite plane."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a fun game. You fly your plane by using the joystick type control at the bottom left of the screen and try shooting using the fire button on the bottom right of the screen. Simple controls. You shoot the planes down that show up and the level progresses in difficulty. There are stars that fall from the sky and they have rewards or not. Sometimes it will freeze your enemies or sometimes it makes you fly slowly. Each star has either a benefit or a curse that only lasts a little while. Fun game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this as the FAOTD a few days ago, and have been addicted ever since.  I still havent beaten the game, but I think I want to unlock all the planes and this is just anperfect time waster.  I can assure you that this is more than worth the purchase price.Good:*Gameplay is simple enough to jump right in, but deep enough that you don't get bored.*Loads of planes to unlock, and each one plays differently combining one of 7 different weapons with varrying levels of turn, speed, and health.*The mix of enemies on each wave is often challenging, sometimes sending you back to previous levels to unlock a better plane.*Multiplayer (haven't personally tried)Bad:*doesm't look like it would work well on a phone*occasionally the controls lock up, but that might just be my tablet."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The concept and gameplay is pretty excellent.  However, there are a very limited amount of levels and the unlockable planes aren't unique enough to waste time grinding to unlock them.  It would have been better if you were given a base plane and then play to unlock the speed, armor, design, and weapon upgrades to customize your plane.  Adding achievements, as is the current trend for casual mobile games, would also add a bit more longevity to this title.But for what it is, its a good, cheap time-waster for the week or so it takes you to beat it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This version is completely non-functional.  It's old, and from before Twidroyd had their API key suspended from the market.  It was out of date even on Amazon's launch day.  If you want to use this app, go to the market.  Hopefully they'll update this here and this review won't apply, but right now it's an old out of date app that doesn't work.  Honestly, this concerns me about the whole Amazon market concept.  If a developer isn't going to update apps here, and if it were a paid app, you'd be out of luck."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "App works great on my \"lower end\" device. This is much more than a calorie counter. For ex, it has a barcode scanner--very easy to use and you don't need any extra app to use it--that automatically adds the scanned food into your tracker. If you are used to counting calories and factoring in exercise (for ex, on a points plan that incorporates both, such as WW) you'll find this app (and the online site) intuitive and simple. Also, the app, unlike the site, gives you a running total of the day's nutrition information all on one page so you can quickly see, for ex, if you haven't had enough protein for the day. Nothing but good things to say about this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Got this app about 2 weeks ago and I am trying to be more aware of calories and lose a couple of pounds. Just in this short time I've been logging foods I've lost 6 lbs and now have a easy to pull up list of my own \"regulars\" and its gotten easier as my list goes. I highly recommend this app to anyone wanting to lose weight and can be serious about it and honest with yourself about what you are doing. No need to change what you are used to eating but as you begin this you will find you are much more conscience about how many calories are in the tiniest things so that you will want to change how unhealthy eating is affecting you. Good luck to you in this venture to be healthier and since you have found yourself here reading this I truly hope and pray you much success and a long healthy life."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I began using this app months ago and saw immediate results. I saw how what I was eating was too much, even with the exercise I did. I adjusted my eating accordingly and began dropping weight immediately. I live hiw you can record what you ate and it will tell you how many calories. You can also track exercise. With everything you enter it will tell you where you're at on calories. Often I find that I can eat a small treat at the end of the day, and I'm still within my calorie alotment. The app customizes to your weight loss goals and it has been truely awesome."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enter the food I eat each time I eat something and it figures how many calories sms how many I have left. There is a huge database of food, so search and find what you are looking for. Keeps track of exercising and calories burned. Even allows you to list the vitamins and supplements you take! The neatest feature is scanning the barcode of your supplements and foods -it's that easy!The only reason I didn't give it five stars it's because the amazon version is an older version - there it's a newer version on android market. I would get it from there since you can't update the amazon version on android market. Once you get a lot of info entered into the program, you won't want to lose it to delete and re download from android market."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been using this every day for several months and I have fallen in love with it.Before trying this out I had been using Sparkpeoples calorie tracking app, which is also very good.There is one hugely important difference tho, this one has a built in barcode scanner. It makes entering foods as easy as can be.The food database is excellent and it's pretty easy to add both custom foods and meals.The my fitness pal site, to which this app is linked is also aces in my book.I can't imagine a better calorie tracking app.I use this and the free version of cardio trainer.  I like this combination much more than calorific or Noom because it is 100% comprehensive and allows me to keep track of things like sodium and protein consumption as opposed to general gross calorie intake.You really can't go wrong with this!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app because it helps me lose weight.  It helps me keep tabs on what I eat so that I begin to understand the calories and how my activity level impacts on it. I only use it when I'm determined to lose weight and when I lose it (or don't), I stop. The first time, I lost about 8 lbs after using it for 2 months.  Then, I stopped using it and I go back for a month or so, whenever I want to lose weight.  My weight loss has leveled off since then and I can't make huge losses again.  However, this was very useful especially if you are a huge foodie like I am.  I like eating a mixed bag of international food and you can find the most obscure food on there too and portion out how much of it you actually ate."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed a set of jumper cables for my new car and these had good reviews and were at a good price.  They have been used a few times already and do what they are supposed to - no complaints there.What I will say is that 12 feet really isn't an ideal length.  Sure, if you pull up front bumper to front bumper they are plenty long, but a lot of times you will be beside another car or can't get really close.  Because of this, I would recommend something a little longer than 12'.Great brand - get 16' version though."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Hitch extender is good for Kayak transport and allows me to secure slippery kayaks to bed, with minimal effort. There are rings on Tee, allow straps and Bunge Cords to effortlessly secure boats to bed.  After securing Kayaks in place with Rope and cords, this method of support and tiedown of ends of Kayaks just makes sense.  Good product, Well made and painted with good coating for corrosion resistance.  Stores easily or hangs from hooks on Garage wall, though it is somewhat weighty.  Yo lil' mamma will struggle to move it, but that's why you have one! Also mounts to support cab level or bed rack level loads like ladders. The ladies will like it's slender frame. You yakkers with hitches, should get you one!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Like most car detail enthusiasts, I never liked to see 3 hours of detailing work destroyed in a couple of days of driving and parking. With this brush, my detail jobs last longer. The brush is gentle on the clear coat but it does sweep the dust away, leaving water and and bird droppings behind.For best results, I recommend that you clay clean the car with a good car clay and wax it with S100 car wax every few months. Then using this brush, you can maintain your car in show room condition for a long time without having to wash it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using one of these for years and I'm on my second one. This duster works exceptionally well and lifts the dust without dragging it around. I will NOT make a filthy car that hasn't been washed in weeks or months look clean. You must either keep your car in a garage, or use a cover like I do, and dust it daily to keep it looking clean. If I wash, clay bar, and wax my car I can go two months or perhaps more without washing it again, as long as I keep it covered, dust daily, and wipe it down weekly with an instant detailer. The fibers are impregnated with a paraffin wax so don't just lay it on something if you don't want it to be stained because of the wax and dirt. Also, if there is condensation on the car it really renders the duster ineffective so make sure it's dry before using it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I gave a five star rating because of past expierence using this product.The first California car duster I had recieved as a gift  lasted 15 yrs.I bought a new one 5 yrs ago its still doing a good job and use that for my work truck.t I wanted to buy  one for my wife's vehicle..I like the wooden handle FYI follow instructions about putting it on a newpaper for 48 hrs.It will show some streaks the few times of use.They have to get broken in and it does a great job.I highly recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The dash of my black car is anthracite gray, and it shows dust easily. The California duster is created for either exteriors or interiors of cars and is impregnated with paraffin wax. This picks up the dust and the soft fibers float over the uneven surfaces of the car interior, picking it all up in one swipe.I keep this in the car and once a week I swipe down the interior all over to keep the car sparkling clean. It's small enough to keep handy under the seat.This makes a really nice gift for someone to congratulate them on their new car, or for someone who likes doing their own detailing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had a cracked air intake hose that caused the \"check engine\" light to go on, but a couple days after I fixed it.  I wasn't sure if that was the reason, and if it was, I didn't want to take it to a dealer just to clear that code.This did the trick.  Very easy to use, gave me the code so I could check what it was. Once I found out, I knew it was the cracked hose.  Cleared the message using this unit, and it never came back.  Had I taken it to a mechanic or dealer, they'd probably have told me it was some other problem and I wouldn't have know if they were telling me the truth or not."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Have you ever felt like your auto mechanic was \"Mr. Wizard\"?  All the way down to the bad attitude?  Only to find he has a doo-dad sitting somewhere out of eyesight that tells all, like a crystal ball...Well for a reasonable price you can get your own crystal ball.  It might be able to predict the future and track flying monkeys but it can tell you very quickly why the \"Check Engine\" light has come on.  Big or small you know what might be waiting for you when you go see Mr. Wizard.  Sometimes you might even be able to track down the problem yourself and cut the cost to fix it.I would not go to Oz without mine!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This air deflector makes the air go to the side.  That's all it does.1. There are 2 pieces and no printed instructions - just the box where you can see how to assemble.2.  The 2 pieces fit together by grooves.  Slide and you can adjust by pulling/pushing to get it to fit on vent.3.  Magnets to hold this on vent.  The magnets aren't strong but - barely strong enough to hold on the ceiling.There's nothing good to look at with this deflector.  It kind of disappears since it's transparent plastic.If this will fit your vent, just get one.  See how you like it and you can order more later."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought my first air deflectors (this same model) 20 years ago from Lowe's for my 4\" x 10\" floor registers. I've stepped on them from time-to-time and have never broken them. However, I did break one recently when I moved my sofa - not the deflector itself but one of those little tabs that hold it together in the center, so I'm back to buy another. I wasted a lot of money prior to purchasing these unbreakable ones with the other type that don't flex and that break easily. The magnets are very strong, when I lift these up for cleaning, I pull the entire metal register out of the floor. The magnets are strong enough to hold tight on registers that have several coats of paint on them, too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm using this to secure the spare tire on my utility trailer. It has a nice thick cable and it's not too long like a bicycle cable lock. Tubular locks are not my favorite, but overall this device seems like a pretty good deterrent for the casual thief. I did notice that the ring on one end of the cable was drilled out way off center. Maybe not the best quality control? (See it in the pic I posted.) I'm pretty happy with it overall and would recommend it without hesitation."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Wrangler spare is held on by three lug nuts, the other holes are covered from the inside by the mount so you can't get this cable thru any of them.  The only way is to drill a hole thru one of the other two holes and thru the mount.  This takes the simplicity out of using this cable lock, obviously.  But if you're willing to do this, it just takes a few extra minutes and then the lock works great on it.  I'll probably also add a locking lug nut to mine for added theft deterrence.  A cable lock isn't foolproof but it gives you another level and at this price why not?"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "man it's hard to come up with a title for this. and it's a mixed reviewIt works.  It's metal, strong, rust-resistance (it's not a grade of rust-proof stainless as there are already spots from road-salt), but given the narrow space where it fits, it's difficult to get the locking end on and off.  It's hard to get a good grip on it,  even with the knurling on the ends.  But the ends ARE small enough so there's no interference with other hardware.  The hitch on my truck is just wide enough outside that there's almost to end-play on the lock shaft which makes getting the end on even more difficult.  Takes some getting used to.  I don't think there's a better product out there though, which makes this worth the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the original product.  Really great stuff.  Works so well; when rain hits, you'll be so happy you applied it.  Rain just sheets off; you don't even need wipers on.This package includes a LOT of product.  A huge improvement from the small, single-use packages they used to make (or maybe they still do); this is a much better value.The only downside to this product is the seal; there's a little spout on the bottle top that goes up and down; you flip it up to dispense the product.  It seems pretty flimsy, and doesn't seem to seal very well when closed.  I have a feeling some of it is going to evaporate out of the bottle, and at some point some will spill out if the bottle is ever turned on its side.  Other than that, great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This thing is smaller and skinnier than I thought, although it is very long.  It is awkward for filling my car engine oil because its so long that the bottom of the funnel hits the valve heads before anything else, so its unstable to just sit in there.  I have to hold it to support it with one hand while i fill the oil with the other.It does have some good uses though, as it is just the right size to fill my motorcycle transmission oil.All in all, the funnel is solid, no complaints on the product quality, but I think next time I will purchase in person so I can really gauge the size I need."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "What's to say?  It's not very large.  It works perfect in my 2003 Chevy truck to add a Fuel Additive into the fuel tank!!!  It should work for Power steering and transmission also, at least on Car/trucks that's not hard to get to or down load were access is bad.  The design helps keep you from spilling when your poring a fluid into it!  For under $5, not a bad deal.  Hang it up out of the way when done with it.  It's able to fit into your Transmission Dip Stick tube, so it has to be small enough, so you can just dump a bunch a fluid into it at once!!!  It's small and doesn't hold all that much.  For what it is, I like it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love this funnel, it has so many uses. For example I can pour a liquid into a container with a small opening with great ease. I can hang it on a wall and it will wait there until I need to pour another liquid into a container with a small opening again. Let's see a hammer do either of those things. My hammer never stays put. You can reason with this funnel, it has an open mind so to speak. Others may try but they all fall short of the splendor that is this funnel."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I got sick of using my &#34;Common&#34; funnel for different uses, trying to clean up an oily funnel so you can use it for Sea Foam is just dumb when you can get these for a little more than $1.  The size/length is perfect for gas-tank additives.  I purchased 3, I keep one in the garage to pour Sea Foam into my cara/motorcycle/snow-blower/lawnmower.  And the other 2 I keep in whatever vehicle I'm currently using, in my &#34;just in case&#34; pack.Great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this along with a No Spill 5 gallon can to use for track days. THe length is excellent and gets down into the filler of your car. It also fits in a 1 gallon freezer bag so you can seal it up and put it back in the trunk when done without smelling gas or getting it on your trunk carpet. Two improvements would make this a 5 star funnel. 1) It should be slightly upturned at the opening to catch gas as it backs up 2) The diameter of the nozzle should be larger and it easily could be given the tank inlet size - would allow faster filling."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Auto battery life can be significantly lengthened with the use of a trickle charger. Significantly. I put this one into my 4X4 to keep my Interstate battery at maximum readiness. This is a solid heavy duty device and is no toy. I mounted it securely under the hood next to the battery itself and have a heavy duty plug hanging down -- just behind the front bumper -- to connect up while out in the driveway. The lights/indicators on this model are very nice and it keeps my battery at full strength. If you have two vehicles (or more) and you don't drive one of them that often -- definitely get one of these. You will never have another \"oh no\" moment -- when turning that key in the morning. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product, in my opinion, is well designed. The materials are top notch, and it is easy to access with the key for removal and installation.I can't imagine anyone taking the time to defeat this lock to steel my hitch ball. When the boat is attached and locked to the ball I can sleep better in a hotel room knowing the boat is secure.I've notice a few times the rubber cover over the key slot has come off. I'm not sure if I just didn't attach it well, if I bumped it, or if it came off by itself though. Even so I don't think the rubber cover is a necessity."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This dogbone lock is very nice and well buildt. It is perfect for use on any car or truck if you are going to remove it after each use. But it is not for use on a motorhome reciver, were it is going to be left on for some time.The problem is ! The protective rubber cap that covers the key entry, fits loosely. The cap will not stay on to protect the key entry slot. Any little bump in the road, and off it comes !  Dirt and water gets into the lock mechanism, the key will not go in and you will not get it off with out a cutting torch."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I recommend these to anyone who has bitched about drying their car.I used this product and was blown away buy how well it absorbed and better yet the wring out was so easy,3 folds and a twist and 90% of the water was out!I bought one of the Chemical Guys Waffle Micro fiber cloths and it was awesome,but when you go to wring it out the shear size (25&#34;x36&#34;) made it very hard to get a good wring out.Their towel did almost 80% of my car, 2 from those would be an alternative.I give this product A+ and it is worth every penny!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are a few things to know about the absorber to get the most out of them.  First, before using, soak in warm water, this makes it more absorbent.  Second, keep it clean.  The wort thing you could do is have a dirty chamois and drag it across your paint, this will introduce maring of your clear coat.  I wash it on gentle cycle with a little distilled vinegar then air dry.  When storing, get it as dry as possible.  Ive had them get moldy in the container from being too damp."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For those of you who are wondering \"do I have to keep the tube forever?\", the answer is \"no\".  I threw my tube away the first week I had it and three years later it still performs like a champ.  The chamois will dry out and become hard if left exposed, but once you wet it again, it becomes as absorbent and pliable as new.The other reviews are correct.  This thing holds an astounding amount of water for its size and weight and is excellent at streak free drying of automotive surfaces.  Once saturated with water, it wrings out very easily and it ready to pick more back up.  After three years mine has held up very well, though it is a bit discolored from the dirt it has picked up from my car over time.This is the only drying chamois most people will ever need."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used these for over 10 years as well as natural sheep skin chamois. This works very well. If you wring it out (edges too) it doesn't streak, leave water behind, and works about as well as a natural chamois. It will also last for years if left damp and stored in the plastic container, (nope don't dry it). Then why use a natural chamois?  Well for me there is something about the shine left behind with a natural chamois. I'm 69 years old and have used those since a teenager. Now that maybe just a memory lane thing since this works just fine. If you don't want to dry, and as I do stretch and soften a natural chamois after use, then get this. It works very well, plus I have never found anything synthetic, that works as well. (Believe me I've tried a lot different ones too. Haaa)  I do recommend it. Hope this helps someone."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this based on the recommendation of a friend. It works well, and if you are very certain your freshly washed car is free from all debris, you will likely not cause any scratching. However, if you pick up some rogue sand granule or some other debris, you could cause clear coat damage.After watching an episode of Drive Clean and seeing them use microfiber towels in the same manner, I made the switch. It takes a little longer, but the microfiber towel is marginally safer on your precious paint job and if you're auto obsessed, it may be worth the extra time. The microfiber are also easier to clean, just wash and dry and you are on your way. This thing will get mold unless you let it dry out completely and is a pain to wash by hand. I still use it around the house and it works well, it just no longer gets anywhere near my new car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Awesome.  Just used this for the first time earlier today.  I've owned a natural chamois but haven't used it in years so I threw it away.  This works great.  Washed my car and then used a Water Blade on it (def another recommended product) and then used this on all the corners and tight spaces.  Soaks the water up very well, rings out a lot of the water and stores &#34;damp&#34; which means little to not maintenance to maintain.  Covers a lot of area too I was surprised once I unfolded it just how big it was."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I find it much easier to use this chamois over a towel while drying a car.  The absorber works well with soaking up water then with a quick squeeze your back at drying.  The chamois does not leave cloth and lint on your car like towels and old shirts.  I also use a damp chamois to wipe down the interior dash and seats of my vehicle, which works very well.  I would also recommend a soft water blade to use first after rinsing your vehicle to do the large areas and windows...then go back over it with the chamois.  It will cut your car drying time in half and work x2 as good. You are supposed to keep the chamois damp so when I am done I just put it back in the case and it will stay damp until my cars next wash.  It is supposed to extend the life of the chamois."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this for a while. Though hollow plastic I felt it was designed to hold a camper from rolling and it did. One day I forgot to remove it when pulling out and it seems to take very little pressure moving forward to flatten it like a pan cake so I though my 50,000 investment may be better served with a heavy duty galvanized wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistake and let me know its holding solid if I ever did again roll forward over it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A good Made in USA chock.  It may cost about a buck less each at Walmart, if you can find it.There is a hole in the side for a rope to hold one or two together for each side of the tire.  Don't buy the one with a rope. It costs twice as much for the same one chock, NOT two.The heavy rubber  Buyers Rubber Wheel Chock - 5in.W, Model# WC1467A  at $8.99 each at Northern Tools are heavier and provides a better grip on concrete, but they are heavy to carry around.  I use the Buyers' ones in the garage and carry the Camco ones in my trunk.Also NOTE that the Buyer's ones are made in the same place as the expensive Race Ramps Branded ones costing 50% more.  The Buyers ones are nearly identical, are exactly the same size and weight.  The Race Ramps ones have shallow slits cut into the bottom."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Larger than I expected and solid feel like. The only cons is the curve is not snapped under wheel smoothly and there is a gap between curved surface and wheel line. So I do not know if it is really working or not because the function of chock is for the accidental circumstances the car slipped back,however, it is not usually happened when the car is put on the parking gear and hand brake is applied.  So hard to say it's good or working, unless the car is really accidentally slipped back and blocked by this wheel chock.  Then you can finally see if the chock is good or not.  But anyway,  it worths that money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this to use in the back of my Chevy Silverado.  The bar feels solid.  The ratcheting system appears solid, is easy to operate, and operates smoothly.  If I had to think of a weakness...if I was the designer of this tool, I would have tried to figure out a way to put the ratchet in the middle of the bar.  When you hold it up to crank it tight, the bar is awkward to hold because it is off balance.  So petty, I know.  I can't comment on how it stands up to weather, as my bed is covered.  Really, I couldn't ask for anything more, especially for the low price!  I may buy a second one.  One high, one low.  Highly recommend."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it works well, it's well made, but make sure you realize it has a built in timer. If you camp in your van at night and have a spare battery that you use for things like this and expect you to keep you warm all night you'll wake up an hour later freezing. There is another blanket out there that doesn't have a timer for that purpose. But I keep this one in my boat for rides on chilly days when my mom gets cold. And here the timer is perfect so it doesn't accidentally get left on."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Packaging was nice as always and shipment quick. Of course this was a drop in so it fit nice and snug for my 2004 Tahoe Z71. Was giving the newly used Z a tuneup so I replaced the plugs, wires, cleaned MAF, TB, cleaned out the filter housing as it had grime inside of it, then just dropped this in. Z breathes better although I would really like to acquire a tube to replace the quiet factory one! Anyways, I recommend the filter as it looks better than factory, and will be used and cleaned for MANY miles to come!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have to admit that there is a small  improvement in performance. The throttle response is better but not to the point to say that there is a increase in horse power. The truck seems to run a little better and I hope it's just not the change in summer fuels. I wasn't looking for fuel improvement. All I was looking for was better drivability and I think that's what I got. I only have one concern and that is that it doesn't affect the mass air flow sensor ( MAF ) because of the oil that is use on the filter could possibly damage it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My G coupe needed an intake air flow replacement pretty badly after I purchased it (despite the fact I purchased it with only 37k miles) and I already knew about the K&N; air filters and I like how it's a one-time purchase deal, no need to buy again when it's filthy.bought the filter, slapped it on, and it has been working flawlessly for a little over 2 weeks now. I combined the K&N; air filter with the popular Z-tube mainly because I was already going to be in there so I figured why not just add the Z-tube for a bit more efficiency. at this point, I have no complaints, I do feel a slight increase in power in 2nd and 3rd (not a 100% sure if it's all from the air filter or with the Z-tube), and rev noise has stayed the same."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "What is not to love about a cheap genuine K&N; product?  It fit in my car with zero issues and its K&N; so you know its quality.On a nice side note for the men out there,  K&N; includes a sticker to put on the air box that says the filter is a K&N; product and does not need to be replaced.  I only say this because my wife has had people who change her oil try to sell her a new one.  This was a nice thing to see in the package.  They even include a card to put in the glove box with a 1 800 number for a service station to call if they don&#8217;t believe it!I have always put a K&N; air filter in my car and as long as they are around I always will.  Plus Amazon had them for about 30-50% than other places I looked.I have no issues!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First, this filter will NOT give you huge horsepower gains, it might give you minimal MPG gains just by replacing the filter from a dirty, clogged one, but that will come with any filter. I bought this filter because it does save money, money you would be spending buying paper filters over and over again, with this and a 10-15 dollar service kit, this filter will last your vehicles lifetime. There is a trade off though, this filter does not screen out dirt as well as say a \"paper\" or foam type filter, that is why \"off roading\" voids the damage warranty. however i never off road, and for highway and street use, this filter is King in terms of economy and durability (it is made of 4-5 layers of cotton encased with a aluminum wire mesh surrounded by hand poured urethane), they mean it when they say it will last a Million miles. This filter earns my recommendation."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bit of a let down here. From all the reviews, I thought maybe my search for the perfect nozzle would come to an end. It didn't. The sequencing of spray patterns on this nozzle is not what you are used to. Sure, it has a unique ability to produce a fine spray and a fire hose kind of effect, but when switching between patterns it passes mostly through various streams of concentrated water that dench anything in its way. If you are trying not to splatter mud, create craters or wash away feshly planted seeds, this is not your nozzle. Maybe it makes more sense on cars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Every one of the hose nozzles I've used has failed in a few years.  Except this one.  It's the only one I've left out back over the winter and has survived the freeze thaw and the snow.  I've left it through two winters of snow and ice attached to the hose and it still works great.  Plus it functions so well.  The worst thing I can say about it is it's tricky to fit under some car wheel wells but that's fine for having a functional nozzle that does what it is supposed to do year and year.EDIT: 10/16/13 and I have two of these nozzles and one still stays outside all winter and both still work perfectly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My brother purchased one of these at a trade show for almost double what it sells for here. After I saw it, I had to have one too. This thing is put together very well, with quality parts and good fit and finish. If you have the water pressure, using this will probably allow you to roll a small dog or cat down your driveway (not that you should, but you'd be able to)! Operation is smooth and it's comfortable in the hand. Made in China."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I didn't like this hose nozzle as much as other reviewers.  For the price, I was expecting an amazing nozzle.  It is heavy, sturdy, and looks like it will be very durable, but I do not like the selection of the spray patterns compared to the $5 hose nozzles at home improvement stores.  The rubber areas are comfortable to hang on to.This would be great for washing a car or big jobs like hosing down a pool or screens, but for watering potted plants and trees, this nozzle puts too much water down and creates splashing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This hose nozzle lets out an amazing amount of water and looks like it could survive a nuclear blast.  I'm extremely impressed with the build quality and the functionality for washing dogs and my car.With my old nozzle, it would take a long time to wash the soap out of my dog's hair.  With this nozzle, the initial gush of water takes almost all of the soap away leaving them squeaky clean.  Same goes for rinsing soap off of my car.It's hard to imagine being excited about a hose nozzle but this thing is awesome."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "HI,This product is a great product that helps you to eliminate rattles/vibrations when you are installing speakers into a vehicle's car doors, rear panels, decks, etc.  It does exactly that and it does it well.There are many claims about it stopping distortion, noise, etc....  However, it should be noted that if you are over powering a speaker..distortion will occur and no padding can stop that.Dynamat has been around for ever and continues to provide a solution that eliminates rattle and vibration.  Use it for that and you will agree that it is a 5 Star Product.  Expect miracles and you will be disappointed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this for my 99 ford escort lx sedan, so I could hear my sony stereo more. I followed the instructions and applied the product to my front doors. I have noticed a difference in the sound quality of my speakers. I can hear them more and there's less vibration on the doors. As far as road noise goes, it helped just a little. This product isn't made to reduce the road noise, just to help get rid of vibrations and make your stereo system louder and easier to hear on the road. The road noise level is still the same in my car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have an FJ Cruiser.  It's not a quiet vehicle.  I accept that.I have been working on upgrading my stereo system - replaced the head unit, put in 6x9 speakers in the doors, etc.  Well, the 6x9s are much more responsive than the stock speakers were, especially in the lower frequencies.  So, I developed a buzz.  I bought the Dynamat to see if I could get rid of that, after I tightened everything that I could find.Installation was easier than I feared - thanks for the tennis ball tip, BTW!  As far as the real results, though, I'm not sure that I've noticed a real difference in sound quality, noise, or heat.  Perhaps some.  The rattling has reduced, but not eliminated.Does the product work?  Possibly.  It's hard for me to say either way."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Wow, this stuff works well!  We have a wall air conditioner in our home.  It is a quiet variety that we paid a good deal of money for, due to that claim.  It still had a bad resonance of some vibrating metal on the machine.I applied this to all accessible (front face) surfaces, and only the spots where there was not a decal or other item present, probably less than 30% of the total frontal surface (keep in mind 50% is the evaporator and blower vent), and the available space on the front cover.  Wow, we can definitely hear a difference in the room it is installed in.This thing has a strong resonance, so we can still hear it in other spaces.  I feel like it doesnt dampen all modes, but it certainly does enough for a noticeable difference in the space where we have the AC located."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is great, I only bought one of the sheets and all you have to do is fill the open holes in you trunk. I only covered the holes on the trunk and on the rear deck lid for the speakers. I didnt notice a big difference while driving till i looked at my rpm gauge and it was at 3500!!!! i usually shift at 2300 rpm and it was soo quiet I did not realize the rpm's i was running!!!! This product dampened my car from the sports exhaust sooooo much!!!! Great if you have a different exhaust system!!! I am amazed on how much this product helps!! I am about to do my bottom of my trunk and my inside firewall and I know my car will almost sound electric from the interior!!! GREAT PRODUCT!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I don't even know another sound deadner solution besides dynamat and theres proably a reason for that. I have been using this stuff on many car audio projects for years and its been great. Excellent from stopping trunk paneling from rattling down and solidifying speaker enclosures down to keeping wires bundled neatly and secure to the chassis. Always buy a bulk pack at least because the project always starts small like two speakers enclosures and next your doing the whole door outside panel and inside panel. Plus it never hurts to have extra."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2008, Ford F150 FX2 Sport, Supercab. I had never done anything with sound, to any vehicle I had ever owned, that was so extensive. I am so glad I did. I absolutely love this stuff and will probably put it in any vehicle I own, whether I do a sound system or not. It just quiets things down. It gets a bit sticky at times but comes right off your fingers. Be careful with small pieces that you want to throw away, they may end up back on the bottom of your foot. It took me a solid weekend to do the front to the back and doors. If you have the time, do it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was originally going to get one of the small squares to go behind my newly installed speakers but after comparing the price per square foot, I decided to tackle a box of this stuff. A box let me cover four doors and my roof in my subaru wrx wagon.This car is my first non Mercedes in 15 years and although the subaru is still an econo box, this made the stereo sound way better, reduced road noise and give the car a more &#34; luxury&#34; feel. Well worth the price and effort to install."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After years of being an idiot and trying to gently use my fingers to prevent my door from scraping on the wall of my car port, I bought this. Works exactly like it should... by being a barrier between my door and the wall. The thickness is perfect. It could stand to be a little longer for my inaccurate parking jobs... but very good nonetheless. Even has two holes cut out so you can drill the sucker into a wall if need be.Note: The vinyl tape that it says is frequently purchased with this product will not work on a textured (stucco) wall."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As for quality, sure it isn't top notch. But this thing isn't going to fall apart on you, these are tough and will hold. Scared for you life? Than go to a shop. The welding isn't perfect, but you have to realize this is mass produced. The welds aren't going to separate. I would definitely suggest using these in pairs, as in don't leave one alone to hold part of your vehicle. For those with cars, don't worry b/c cars weigh nothing. These are rated for as much as a cars avg weight. The double locking is a nice feature but not necessary on small jobs. My truck weighs over 6k so if these can hold one end, it will hold your average cars then too. If your doing small jobs, get these b/c theres no beating the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "BAD PRODUCT, WRONG WELDED, ITS ONLY WELD INSIDE, BUT NOT OUT SIDE,SO IS NOT RECOMENDED TO USE IT UNDER CAR. PLEASE DONT MAKE MY MISTAKE, IS NOT WELD RIGHT.THIS ITEM HAVE TO BE WELD IN BOTH SIDE, INSIDE AND OUT SITE, NOT ONLY INSIDE.THE PIN OR SECOND SAFETY PIN IS NOT GOOD AT ALL, IT MOVE AND DOES NOT HOLD THE POST RIGHT, ITS LIKE NOTHING, SO DOES NOT MAKE SENSE TO HAVE IT.--- TORIN WANTS TO SEND IT BACK EVERY YEAR FOR ANNUAL INSPECTION,BUT THEY DONT PAY FOR S/H. THIS SHOUL BE 1 TON, NOT 3 TON WITH THIS WELD FORM.MY ITEM LOOK USED NOT NEW, LOOK'S LIKE SOME ONE USE IT AND RETURNED AND THEN, THEY SENT THEM TO ME.  THE UPS DROP IT TO THE FLOOR, CAUSE I HAVE A GATE, SO BE AWARE OF UPS, THEY DONT CARE IF THEY BRAKE IT."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Why all the hype they have bad welds, they have this that or the other.....  Sometimes you get a bad product.  Does not mean that all the products are defective.  I purchased a set this past week and they have 100% perfect welds.  The product is in perfect shape and comes complete with instructions.  if you get a bad set, send them back.  Amazon takes them back.  I am a welder and a mechanic.  Yes, I've gotten bad products, but it doesn't mean you berate the product to death.  They have worked fine under a Kubota with a back hoe attached.  They do the job that they are supposed to do.  If you seem to think the product is defective send them back, get another set and rate what is used.  I feel completely safe working under these and have!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It's an oil filter. It has been on for a few weeks now and hasn't come off, so I suppose it's working. It's hard for me to justify giving an oil filter a 5-star rating. What would the filter have to do to earn that? The only thing I noticed is that this one appears to be *SLIGHTLY* shorter, in length, than the one originally on my bike. I ride a 2008 Victory Kingpin and this was about 1/4 inch shorter. Hopefully, that doesn't mean that it isn't able to do the same amount of &#34;work.&#34; The rest of the fit was snug and seems to be just fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The material seems durable, but it does not fit tightly on my 30x9.5x15.  There is almost no elastic properties for the interior, and it would easily spin on the tire itself, and stealing it would be ridiculously easy.  The bottom looked like granny panties on a supermodel.  Couldn't see that delightful bottom curve.I used a grommett kit on it so I can thread a rope around it to cinch it tightly.  Has faded to a charcoal gray from black since purchase 18+ months ago."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to provide extra heat prevention/protection for my short ram intake heat shield. My brand intake is a Neuspeed on my 2012 MKVI Jetta 2.5L SEL.It is easy to shape/trace to the shape of the item being wrapped and easy to cut/place. So far, the heat wrap has lasted and I see no peeling, especially after having lasted through two heavy days of raining. I did a temp-check with remote thermostats and found an additional 67F difference with the heat shield being wrapped versus not. A definite difference and benefit from before -- after! I will post a picture this evening to go along with my review."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it stays stuck, on fiberglass at least.  easily cut to shape.  seems to protect.  i'm using it on the bellypan of my motorcycle track fairing, which is fiberglass.  i'm told fiberglass won't bubble like stock type fairings will, so i may not have needed it.  but i put it on just in case, and whether it's because i didn't need it or the stuff is working, but my paint isn't bubbling.  which is all i care about."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This device attaches securely to the tow vehicle, but at a cost.They are cumbersome to attach and detach, with several moving parts and the potential to scratch the tow vehicle paint during either process if you don't have three hands available.To attain the secure vibration free fit, you must crank down on the ratcheted web strap hard enough to deform the door where it attaches to the window channel. It also deforms the rubber window seal.Foam pads protect the door somewhat where the bracket would otherwise rub on the body, but if the area isn't meticulously clean beforehand I can see where it would dull the paint over time.Because of the metal claw part that fits into the window channel, raising and lowering the window caused a screeching sound on my driver's side window.Finally, when they are detached from the door, they make for a very bulky awkward device that doesn't store conveniently or compactly in the vehicle.I'm sending them back."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "extremely versatile.  the conical end pulls outward and functions as a ratchet, cranking the straps/clips taught.  A few minutes of one-time configuration/setup is needed and future mount/removals are accomplished in seconds.  The only reason i didn't give these a 5 star rating is the small foam discs tend to come off the mounting bases periodically (they press against the outside of your existing mirror).  Thoughtfully, the vendor includes extras.  All in all, a very unique and functional product!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After arriving, it slipped onto our 2013 Highlander just fine, and tightened up and was able to be adjustable pretty well.  Still I decided to &#34;add&#34; an additional strap that mounted to the two front feet to help hold it tighter at those points just for my own concerns about possible moving at higher speeds on the interstate.  By adding the straps I did realize a more stable fit to the shape of our Highlander mirror.  I talked to another camper who was using the same model and he didn't find any need or desire to modify his set whatsoever, and like them just fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We have an SUV. I would normally setup the side view mirrors so that when viewing the rear view mirrors and side view mirrors, there is just a bit of overlap when looking at them. This presents a problem when backing up as you cannot see the curbs clearly. So this helps a lot. The side mirrors are now just looking straight back helping in parallel parking as well backing up to a curb. These mirrors help in making sure that when you are driving and changing lanes, you can see if there is any object in your blindspot without glancing over your shoulders. Great mirrors and to this day, they remain clear. I will get another one - the smaller version of these mirrors - for my sedan."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this mirror in the office to see if there is anyone coming to my desk.  I sit with my back to the aisle and I was startled many times by people who'd stand behind me and snoop on my computer activities.I attached this mirror to the upper left corner of my monitor using the douple sided tape that was pre-attached to the mirror's back, and secured it additionally with a couple of Scotch tape strips .  Now with my periferal vision I notice if there is a reflection change in the mirror, and I will be aware if anyone is approaching my desk."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I drive a car that has dead spots on both sides.  This fits the bill as it provides a larger area of view.  You need to look more carefully as all these types of mirrors make the car in view seem a lot further away so use as a reference.  Since these mirrors are fairly small they only use up about 20% of the existing rear view mirrors viewing area.  I only use these on my rear view mirrors as that is when the blind viewing areas occur.  I usually purchase a few different types of these mirrors so I can determine which works best for me and my wife.  Also try on different spots of the existing mirror, before removing the adhesive covering, to determine the best location.  If you attach it in the wrong location these mirrors can be removed by using a one sides razor blade.  Just push down on the razor slowly to prevent the existing mirror from cracking.  Once off you can always purchase new double sided tape to reuse the convex mirror."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This oil is just right for the renewal of your filter and should be used instead of SAE 30 alone.  It adheres better and as packaged is much easier to apply than sticking it and the filter in a bag and mushing it around.  It also uses less oil and gives precise coverage.  Oil your filter and get better air flow and better particle removal at the same time.You might be able to keep uncle Phil away from when you are grilling if you waft a little bit of it his way on approach, too, but maybe you shouldn't do that."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I started out with the \"kit\" (cleaner & oil) for my K&N.  It just seems that the oil lasted longer than the cleaner, especially if your filters get really dirty and you have to clean a second time.  The 32 oz. may cost as much as the kit, but it also has 4x the amount of cleaner in the spay bottle.  The larger spray bottle has a larger dispersal sprayer than the one in the kit, so it takes less time to spray down your filter."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used this product many times in the past but each time I did it was the small bottle included with the filter that I used. This stuff is exactly the same as the smaller bottle and therefore works the same, which is to say very well. You spray it on the filter, let it sit for 10 minutes or so and rinse with water. There are two benefits to the larger bottle. First is that it is more economical. I have four vehicles with cotton oiled air filters and this bottle should last a fairly long time. Also, it is much easier to spray into the filter than with the smaller bottle. I also feel because it is easier to spray and direct you will use a little less cleaner your filter which should make it an even better value yet."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This 32 ounce is much cheaper in the long run than the kit with it's little bottle of cleaner. Most people use more of the cleaner than the oil. One properly serviced K&N filter will last as long as the car will last. I have never had to replace a K&N filter. Just clean, air dry with a fan, recoat the filter fabric with the oil and a thin film of K&N grease on the seal. The oil has a red dye in it, so you will know when you have full coverage. The K&N filters catch dirt better than any of the paper filters."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My car and truck were both really running like crap... figured it was time to wash and recharge the filter. I sprayed it with their, basically soapy water, and waited a while as the bugs and gravel dust was loosened, and then rinsed it in the sink until clear. I let it dry in the sun for a few hours while I found something else to do, then sprayed the oil as if I were spray painting something... follow the instructions, don't want too much oil, don't want too little either. My Neon doesn't care if I over oil it, but my truck has a mass airflow sensor, it does care... it cares a lot! Under-oiling it causes the fine mist of gravel dust through the filter, too much clogs it quickly and I guess that's better than it going into the engine but the MAF Sensor gets coated with the oil and that will cause performance issues that the filter may have given you. It's a fine balance!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a K&N; filter on my G35's cold air intake as well as on my truck, and have always use this to clean and re-oil it.It really works well. The cleaning solution really breaks down the oil allowing it to be rinsed off fairly easily and t he aerosol can makes re-oiling a breeze.The only issue I have is I ALWAYS run out of cleaning solution before I run out of the air filter oil. Granted, this may be a good thing as it prevents you from finishing cleaning off your filter then realizing you have no oil to re-oil it, which would leave you in a tight spot if you need your car to work and you can't get more filter oil quickly.So, even though I complain about that, it's really being picky."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Some of the other reviewers here prefer the aerosol, but I think the squeeze bottle is just fine for re-oiling a cleaned filter.  I don't know what everyone is complaining about.  This is something that's good to do while you have some yardwork or some reason to be outside since the filter needs to sit for about 15-20 minutes during the cleaning/oiling process.In the long run, if you keep your car long enough, one K&N; filter is cheaper than all of those disposables."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "K&N; Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze BottleI bought the squeeze bottle version of the kit because I had heard the aerosol spray was difficult to meter accurately. I'm here to say that the squeeze bottle isn't a perfect solution either. I had to oil the Ducati Performance air filter for my 696, which is just a basic cylindrical filter except the \"dirty\" air comes in from the inside out. A typical conical filter on a car has the dirt collecting on the outside. The airbox on the 696 is set up so the dirt comes from the inside of the filter. This made it extremely difficult to oil properly.On a car filter, oiling the pleats evenly takes a lot of time and excess oil still tends to seep out. It takes some practice, time, and patience - probably a second filter doesn't hurt either.Overall: 4/5 stars, still difficult to oil the filter uniformly but easier to control versus the aerosol spray"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Works like it is supposed to.  I don't know if I really prefer the squeeze bottle to the spray oil, as both work.  The advantage is supposed to be that you are able to know how much oil your filter requires and can measure it out of the bottle.  I've only used the kit once on the filter on my boat, which is the stock filter and I have no idea the amount of oil it is \"supposed\" to have, so I just applied it as instructed like you normally would.  Good price on Amazon for the kit!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I admittedly didn't see the sound byte of the horn until now, and if I had heard it earlier, I would have thought differently. I installed this to have a lower, and hopefully louder tone in my horn. The factory horn was lower though. I realize this is probably more for motorcycles now, so on an Isuzu Trooper, it is a little pathetic. I blame this on myself though, and I realize the product is good for its intended audience. Just don't buy this if you havea  truck! The look of this horn, if you have it visible, is a plus, and the shipping and installation were a breeze."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If I wanted a SILVER colored horn like in the picture I supplied, I would have bought one of those. There are many of them for less than this.Fake! I am obviously upset.** UPDATE **: So, it is Dec 2012 and I am updating this. I found this exact same horn at the local auto parts store. It was black with the red stripe, and I bought it. Got home to swap out the horns and noticed the one I got on here was an FIAMM brand. So, I would guess whoever shipped me my stuff simply sent the wrong item. I never thought to check that it was the right brand, though.I have updated my star rating to 4. Can't find myself able to give it 5."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I gave these things a 2 star rating because we have 8 sets of them installed on our county patrol cars.  Not sure what the issue is but the bulbs are burning out at a pretty often rate.  I just had one officer tell me both his lights burnt out last night, 01/23.2014.  Maybe the 130 watt bulb is just getting too hot but we have lost about 8 to 10 bulbs within a years time.  Hope KC reads this and can do something about that issue.  Other than that, they are a great, powerful light that reaches out so you can see those darn deer ahead of you.  Be safe and maybe look for another type of light that will give you longer service life before you spend the money on these."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I like them - YES the KC is bigger now than it was on older models of the guards IT IS AS SHOWN IN THE PICTURE and  I LIKE IT.They provide some protection - not a lot  but they do look good.I actually saw another set of these today on a Toyota FJ and thought how good they looked on the black lights they had. Then I saw a CJ with the old style ( there were aged ) the KC was smaller and the guards were holding up well after the years of use it was obvious they had."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Woo-hoo!  I love these things.  I put two on my 2004 trailer, and am really glad I did!  Really makes coming down stairs a whole lot more secure.  These are super simple to install, with just four screws total.  And, they fold in either direction when towing, meaning that if you've got an awning assembly near your door, you can fold these closed over the door(s)! And, they make your rig look like a movie star trailer (no fooling, someone said that to me)!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this based on the reviews. Though it seems to condition the leather, it didn't really seem to buff up the finish and restore my leather to its' original, or near new condition. After cleaning all the floors in my home, and all of my car's leather interior, I followed the directions on the package for conditioning and protecting the leather seats in my car.  While it does make the leather more supple and soft, it doesn't buff up to a shine, or even satin finish, Instead, it seems to leave a dull, chalky finish."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this with the leather cleaner. I found it to be very good, but you have to wait for it to dry, which takes about a day. It does not stay as tacky as the leather honey conditioner which I also have bought. I feel the honey conditioner will be better in the long run, but if the leather is delicate the honey could potentially make it worse because it is very sticky and can wear the material as you rub it in. So in the long run, this is a great option."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The leather sofa, love seat, chair and ottoman were faded and looking rough. One bottle of Lexol restored them to new condition. I cleaned some worn and stained areas with a good saddle soap with a day to dry. Then in one day I was able to go over the furniture with one coat. Use a dish sponge with the blue scrubber top. Use the sponge part, not the scrubber. The scrubber worked well with saddle soap to clean.Let dry for a day. Repeat. Expect the leather to darken. The white stains are curing salts that have worked their way out of the leather. They melt with the Lexol and return into the leather.The result is a buttery soft leather that looks great."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I mainly got this product for my leather jacket that I haven&#8217;t used in a few years and looked faded and felt stiff. It was so stiff it started to warp and bend that I got worried it would stay that way or get ruined.When applying I used a terry sponge bonnet and as I applied the conditioner to the black jacket inside lining (testing) it first came on really wet. I got a little worried but let it sit for two minutes and eventually the leather absorbed it. Before I had applied the conditioner my jacket had a faded almost ashy black and after applying the product it brought out a nice deep rich color and think it looks better than when I first bought it. Plan on using this product on all my leather items."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A liter of this stuff will last you a long time if you don't have many cars with leather seats. I just bought this for my lambskin leather jacket and my leather gloves. It seems to really soften up the leather. I think my jacket was really &#34;dry&#34; and it felt considerably heavier afterwards. The leather feels much more durable. My gloves are also much more water repellant and don't absorb water quite so quickly. I have no way of knowing if this is the best product on the market, but nonetheless it's pretty darned good!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this conditioner last year for my leather furniture and have been very happy with the results.  It does need to be applied every few months, but I've used it on a variety of leather surfaces (worn leather sofa, dining room chairs with leather padding, office chair) with excellent results.  As long as you don't apply it too thick, it won't leave an oily residue, and it blends into the leather very nicely.  I've gone through the original bottle and a refill, and am about to order another refill.For application, the Lexol sponges work great.  They can be rinsed and reused and last a long time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I read with interest many of the other reviews.  It seems everyone but myself has heard of this brand.  I have been using car leather conditioner bought at the parts store on my truck seats, a couch, and two recliners.The car conditioner worked ok but was expensive and harder to apply.This just floats on with a small cloth.........I put in on rather heavy since my leather had not been treated for over 6 months.The difference was amazing.  My leather returned to it's new look and after a week I see no evidence of the smooth leather glow going away."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We tried Lexol in a vehicle leather seating application favoring its price over the more expensive URAD product. The Lexol didn't seem to have as much lanolin as the URAD, and we don't know if there is any carnauba wax in the Lexol product but we noted there was less post-application sheen with the Lexol product.If you can stand the higher price, try the URAD product at least once. If you're a long-time hard-core Lexol user, stay with it - it seems to work OK. You really can't get too worked abut leather conditioners/polishes can you?!?!  (But we prefer URAD having tried both)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Lexol pH cleaner worked extremely well to clean automotive leather upholstery and surfaces. Just follow the instructions on the bottle and it does a fantastic job. Always use the pH cleaner before you apply the Lexol conditioner since you don't want to apply new oils over existing dirt. The pH cleaner comes out as a clear liquid that is more viscous than water. I recommend using a terry cloth sponge to create more lather than just using a cotton cloth or terry cloth. I have tried several over the counter leather cleaner/conditioners and Lexol beats them all.Pros: Cleans leather without drying it. Very easy to use.Cons: The product is a bit expensive and hard to find compared to the over-the-counter products, but it should be the only product to buy and Amazon carries it!Overall: If you own any leather accessories or cars with leather interiors, Lexol pH cleaner and Lexol conditioner should be on your list."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A relatively thick, viscous liquid that cleans leather like crazy.  You only need just a bit on a wet rag, then it's off to the races cleaning your leather.  I use this on a leather couch, auto upholstery, shoes, boots and a leather jacket.It only cleans, but it does that well.  For protection you'll need something like Lexol Leather Conditioner (furniture, auto, jacket) or Nikwax (shoes and boots).A little goes a LONG way, doesn't take much to get the cleaning done.  One bottle has lasted me several years."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are underneath your car doing some work, or just doing some routine maintenance, you need a solid pair of stands and a good jack to safely lift your car.  I cannot believe how many people I have seen working on their car with a scissor jack that came as part of their vehicle maintenance pack.  If you value your life, you want to get yourself a nice sturdy pair of stands like these.  It takes no more than a minute to successfully jack up your car, align these jackstands up, and then lower the car back down onto them.  They are built VERY nicely and the capacity is more than enough for standard vehicles (I use them on my RX8).  The only thing I wish that it had was some sort of safety on the release.  Granted that when the weight of the car is on the stands it is near impossible to release the height, it would still be a nice bit of insurance."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have had no problems using these and they work as described.  I do not like, though, that you have to hammer in the retaining tab to prevent the platform arms from coming out.  I also do not see how these are really double locking.  I wish they came with a adapter for the saddle since the saddle area is pretty big, but I knew that these weren't completely flat saddles (I made an adapter).  I would recommend them, but know what you are getting before you pull the trigger on getting them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used a LOT of this type of equipment over the past 30+ years and this is one of the best for the price deals I have found.  I sure wish they were tad bit longer, but what can one expect?  They have a good strong cast wire and plug assembly (as pictured) and they used a very good quality wire of what looks to be at least an 18 ga wire, with good flexibility.  The alligator clips use a high quality end and should give a good long service life if not abused.  With a 3 foot lead length I assume they are designed mostly for use as a bench test lead set, but these will service any use where a 3 foot length will do the job.  Buy with confidence.... so far, I have never had a bad experience with anything from Elenco!  Not to mention that Amazon's policies will cover you if you are not satisfied..... highly likely you will NOT be disappointed.  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use only 100% synthetic fluids for my 1990 Toyota Camry which I keep in mint condition since the day I bought it new in 1990. Mobil 1 Extended Performance motor oil. Royal Purple Max ATF Synthetic automatic transmission fluid, Royal Purple fully synthetic Power Steering fluid and Toyota 50/50 Anti-Freeze coolant.I won't give a lesson on why synthetic fluids are far superior to conventional fluids. I've had that argument WAY before auto manufacturers started REQUIRING synthetic fluids right from the factory. They are far superior.In the case of this brake fluid. I've compared all the spec. sheets on all the major brake fluids, and this one meets the highest standards. I just keep is simple with fluids and follow two rules. Change EVERY fluid on your vehicle yearly (more often n the case of the motor oil depending how much you drive) and use the BEST fluids available. THIS is the best brake fluid available."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Liquid Glass is a terrific polish that goes on easily, protects for months and actually creates a deeper shine with additional coats.  I don't know if I believe the hype that many coats of Liquid Glass create a scratch resistant shell on your paint, but as a meticulous car nut, I can say that Liquid Glass is the best polish I have ever come across.  This polish goes on easily with a microfiber cloth and comes off very easily with another microfiber cloth.  It is not a wax but rather a clear acrylic coating.  I highly recommend it.PROS: Long lastingDeep, superior shineEasy to apply / buff offCan be used in sunCONS: Cannot be used over existing coats of wax/polish (unless you use LG pre-cleaner)Fairly expensiveTough to remove cured polish once appliedI posted a picture of my Liquid Glassed blue Shelby above.  Good luck."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have detailed cars for a luxury car dealerships and have used many different car waxes in my lifetime. This is the best paint protection I have used. It removes off trim easily and also is easy to apply. I have done three coats on my 2014 Honda Accord Hybrid so far and it looks great. This product is a Buy in my opinion. Better then the dealership's 700 dollar application of Xylon on my wife's' 2014 Honda Odyssey. Make sure you clean your vehicle with the pre cleaner and do a hand check to feel for &#34;bumps&#34; of dirt or other road grim before application. This is easy to wipe off as well, so it is quicker then hand waxing for me."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've tried just about every sealant (with the exception of NuFinish) to protect my cars finish. This is the easiest to apply and remove. I put 5 coats on my 2001 Jeep that's parked in the sun day after day, 5 coats on my new car that's protected in the garage. The old Jeeps look like a late model SUV now thanks to Liquid Gold and new headlights. Wax in the Southern sunshine has very low lasting power, so after I wash my cars, I just follow up with Macguires Quick Detail Spray. I'm sorry that I wasted my money on all the other &#34;sealants&#34; that were near backbreaking to remove, never lasted half as long, and never provided the new car shine. It's been around awhile, but it's performed better than any of the &#34;professional&#34;, highly rated products I've tried. The price may seem a bit high, but there's a lot of car coverage in one can."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When it comes to a fuel filter, this is the best. Only filter that fits perfectly. Makes the job very easy. If your not sure, try another brand. It will work, but the secondary clips won't fit. It will be ok,  but not 100% perfect. Just get the right one, the Motorcraft. I am a certified Ford mechanic in Michigan and did hundreds of these. Don't fret over an extra couple dollars. This is the only fuel filter that goes on easy, and is the best for your Ford vechicle.  Like i say, try another brand and see for yourself. Bye!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A good, OEM replacement fuel filter for many Ford vehicles. Often overlooked as routine maintenance, fuel filters can (without warning) become clogged and, in turn, lead to vehicle reliability issues. This is especially true up norh, where seasonal mixes of gasoline affect the fuel system differently. Additionally, if you utilize E-85 ethanol in your vehicle, than you should be replacing these things more frequently than you may be used to. A final thought to extend the life of your new Motorcraft fuel filter...don't pump gas at station that is currently being re-fueled by a fuel tanker, as deposited fuel tank sediment can be stirred up in the process."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use it all the time.  I use it to basically flood my engine via the intake/vacuum line.  I let it suck up about 2/3 of the bottle slowly without it killing the engine and then last 1/3rd I just push the vacuum line completely in the bottle and let the engine die essentially.  Then I let it sit anywhere from 30mins to overnight.  Next time you start the car, it will be smoking white smoke (as it burns off all the carbon build up that it helped dissolve) for maybe 5-10mins.  I do this about ever 6mo or so."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A great product. When I used it didn`t know what to really expect because of some mixed reviews but I noticed a change inmediatly the engine made less noise and had a bit more power. Even my girlfriend felt the car running better (without knowing that I had done anything to the car). I would recommend to any body who feels there car isn`t as peppy as before its really worth trying, just use as recommended. Even do I only used it via brake booster and gas tank didn`t use it in the crankcase. Still great!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Not sure what this stuff is or why it works, but it does. I had a 1986 Honda Shadow that had a hard time starting up, and it would randomly choke out and die sometimes. Mechanic said I might need a carb job (super expensive, you have to dismantle the bike). I threw in some Seafoam (full can into an empty tank, just before refueling). Bike ran like new. HOW?Lots of other people have given dozens of incredible uses for Seafoam too, so I'm sure it will serve many other purposes as well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My Jeep has almost 138,000 miles on it and I used this product for the 1st time about a month ago.  The product really worked well.  My jeep idles a lot smoother and overall just feels different.  I also poured some in the gas tank and it must have really cleaned any gunk out of there because I drive my jeep the same route every month and this last time I averaged almost 20mpg, which is a lot better than the 17 I used to average.  I would suggest using at night though, because your neighbors may call the cops thinking there is a fire with the amount of smoke that comes out the exhaust.  I would also suggest looking up videos online on youtube and typing in seafoam jeep.  That's what I did, and it proved very instructional."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My last car was pushing 165,000 miles and going very, very strong. I mean, I floored it all the time and was never merciful with that engine. Not only did I take good care of it, constantly clean it, and always use premium fuel, but I would use Sea Foam from time to time. A lot of engine cleaners are similar, but Sea Foam has been around for a long time and seems to be one the strongest and most reliable brands. And at around 8-12 dollars a can (depending on where you buy from), its totally worth it for me to use every now and then.Also, don't just pour it into the fuel and oil tanks. Thats great for regular maintenance every 1k miles or so, but either find out, have a friend, or figure out (youtube) where the brake booster vacuum line is that runs to your engine. Running Sea Foam through that is what its known for and will reeeallllllly clean out your engine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A few years ago I began to notice a loss of power and rough idling, and our mechanic found no problems... he basically just told us that Ethanol sucks... to be more exact, ethanol sucks energy out of your car by generating lots of vapor that condenses and turns into water inside your engine as the engine cools down. This can lead to all sort of bad things including rough idle, corrosion, reduced power and a failure to easily start.He recommended a couple product -- SeaFoam and BG44K -- which quickly took care of the problem by helping remove the water and cleaning the valves and fuel injectors too. I buy BG44K when found at a good price, and SeaFoam when I can't; put a can into the Mustang's tank every three or four months, and drop one into my wife's SUV at least once per year.If you have something similar going on and you know it is not a mechanical issue, give this stuff a try. Recommended based on our experience with it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My 1998 Mitsubishi Montero Sport has reached 100K miles and I needed to spoil her by buying some kind of engine treatment.  My mechanic recommend this product and I'll tell you that the engine runs a lot smoother.Also, when I apply gas I can feel the engine \"struggle\" less than before... it almost feels like a new engine.  I placed the treatment in the oil crankcase and in the gas tank as well.  An added feature is that it comes with a spill free spout but I still recommend a long funnel.Cons: a bit pricey when compared to it's competitors but we're only talking a few dollars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using this product for years, and it's the best out there. It is low gloss, and a little goes a LONG way. I use this on more than just my car. Basically anything made of plastic that I need to condition and protect, I apply this product to. In my opinion, the other major competitor that \"armors everything\" doesn't live up to the hype, and in fact can in some cases cause you more headaches than save you. Plus, it's gone up in price quite a bit. Pay a little more and buy a better product. The Lexol leather conditioner is also an excellent product, made by the same company. I will add that I prefer the spray bottles to the wipes for both."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For years I hoarded the remaining ounce of Vinylex left in my garage until I found it on Amazon.  Vinylex is the best cleaner/protectant you can get for vinyl, rubber and plastic.  It is UV resistant and will prevent the sun from fading the aforementioned items' color.  I discovered Vinylex over twenty years ago for use on the vinyl seats of the '65 Mustang I had then; it really worked great to clean and protect.  Since then, I have discovered other uses for Vinylex including the cleaning/protecting of vinyl siding and on vehicle tires, dashboards and interior/exterior plastic trim.  The results are clean and classy looking without being over-the-top glossy.  I even went and bought the 1 gallon refill container, too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'd consider myself a novice in the personal car care crowd.  When I was ready to sell my 13 year old Honda CRV and I poured through amazon and other website for the best stuff to detail my car, to get the best resale price, and I came across this product.  I took the online advice of others and I can't say I'm more pleased.  Using this product on my honda made it look only a few years old and brought the plastic and vinyl pieces back to life.  On the interior, the dash was super slick but no oily.  I even used it on the exterior of the car.  The black plastic bumpers had faded to a light gray, but when I applied the vinylex, they went back to black.  Anyways, I did get top dollar for my honda using vinylex and other car car products.  I hope this review can help others."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this for years on my car dash and other vinyl areas of the interior. I always thought it worked and protected pretty well although it does evaporate on to the inside of the windshield, which is annoying. It also doesn't seem to last very long and as it starts wearing off, the dash looks very dry.I've since found303 Aerospace Protectant 32oz, and that works much better. It doesn't seem to exhibit any of the aforementioned issues, ie., it doesn't seem to go on to the inside of the windshield, and the shine lasts longer.  It also protects from UV just as well, if not better.  Note that Vinylex contains silicone, which actually damages the vinyl/plastic over time.I'm definitely sold on 303 Protectant over Vinylex now although I really like the Lexol pH leather cleaner and Lexol leather conditioner for my leather."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I followed the directions for cleaning the top but it did not do much as far as cleaning off the grease from the top mechanism on the lower sides of my tan fabric top. It did however provide a nice protective water resistant coating when applied as others have done here instead of using the sprayer. I used a brush and coated the top as if painting it. This way it goes on heavier and does not cause over-spray on painted or glass surfaces.While I only gave it a 3 star I am sure it is as good as the Rag Top brand and a lot less expensive. It should also be noted that our top is very old and was not properly cared for before we bought the car so it very well may work a lot better on a newer top."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There is no swiveling between the cap, the tube and the bottle. In other words, when you screw/unscrew the cap onto the car's brake fluid container, there will be kinking on the tube itself. Untangling the kinks is a chore because the bottle is both quite big and heavy when it is filled with brake fluid. They should have designed with some quick-connect/disconnect like the compressor air hose. That would be an ideal solution, but I guess it will add to the cost for adding that feature. However, I doubt that it would cost much because I browsed through the air-hose connectors at Harbor Freight and they run typically a couple of bucks each. I might modify this bleeder with the air hose connector to address the problem."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This made my brake flush just as easy as an oil change. Fill it up, tighten everything up (really tight, more on that later) pressurize and open caliper bleed nipples one by one.Couple nit-picks:1: Tough to tell when you are running out of fluid in the resivoir. The pressure bottle is a thick plastic that's barely translucent. Nearly pumped air through the entire brake system at the end because I couldn't tell the pressurizer was dry of fresh fluid.2: They really need to ship with a roll of teflon plumbers tape. The connection between the hose and the adapter leaked for me, and I had it tight as could be.Overall a must have for DIY brake jobs. Couple things hold it back from being a 5-star product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased 2 packs and I'm quite happy with these. I didn't measure the wire size but they are larger and heaver than a set I bought several years ago from another site.The clips are attracted to a magnet so I know they are not Aluminium and could probably be souldered if I wanted to (that's good).  I checked them with a Ohm meter and the connections were all good. The boot is soft and flexible. Well worth the price for those of us that are DIY's."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I put this product on after applying a paint sealant and if gives the car a very nice gloss. It is super easy to apply and remove. What I really like about it is that it does not show fingerprints at all. on my Porsche 911 it would always show fingerprints in the area of the door where we push to close the doors or trunk area, after applying the P21S it no longer shows fingerprints. Generally speaking the carnauba waxes don't last very long but that is not an issue for me since my car is pretty small and doing a full wax doesn't take me very long at all so I can apply a wax like this once a month since it is so easy to put on and remove. This is my first experience with carnauba wax and certainly won't be my last. Yes it is a bit more expensive but this container will last a very long time"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Love this!  Does what everyone says.  Puts a polish and shine that lasts 3-6 months.  Makes new cars staybright and old oxidized cars 'almost' look new.  What's great is just rub on and buff off in 15 min., and you use only a capful per 3 sq/ft.  Water beads up and rolls off, or gets blown off while driving(water flies off the windshield). Between waxing, add a capful to bucket of clean water and wash your car. MUST dry car immediately with microfiber cloths so no spots will form.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  Great shipping by AMAZON and VENDOR."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I gave this 4 stars because it is a great, gentle, all in one protectant.  It performs as promised.  Would not hesitate to get it.  One thing for sure.....  If you want a 5 STAR product, get the KLASSE Sealant/Protectant in the Silver jug.  It is fantastic, and if I was only going to get ONE KLASSE product, it would be the Sealant just mentioned.  The silver bottle!  Red bottle comes in at one step behind.  But both are good."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I mounted these behind the front grill whereas the original single horn was in the engine compartment.  It is an improvement on the sound level but not as much as I expected.  I did use the provided relay and ran 12 gauge wiring (original was somewhere between 14-16 gauge) that did not rely on the original horn wiring.The horns are well made and I expect them to last the life of the vehicle.  I only gave them 3 stars though because the sound is not the ear splitting &#34;wake up and pay attention to what you are doing&#34; volume that I was expecting.  So even though I will keep them I will probably be looking for something that is even louder."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The relay setup is a breeze, if you want to make things easy just connect the aux plug directly to the power plug & horn will work at all times, rather than just when the car is on. You CANNOT take the bolt off on the back, dont try to, the covers can be removed and painted with ease by removing the black screws around the bezel. Also, we cut & drilled a new hole on the bracket to place them where we wanted them & that bracket is made of reinforced Steele & took forever to drill through. Excellent product"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The reviewers here who say to remove the black lens covering are not increasing their ability to see better, only increasing the glare to other drivers.  They are also breaking the seal  and allowing water intrusion to do so, for no benefit.The light pattern of these is not ideal but for the price is fine. Mount them properly, aim them properly, and use them in conditions that warrant their use and only then, and they are an effective product.But too many use automotive lighting incorrectly, thinking that a huge blast of light is allowing them to see better, when in all actuality all it is doing is constricting their pupil sizes, and vision, and blinding oncoming traffic.I hope cops start ticketing these fools who are using auxiliary lighting improperly, or retrofitting HID bulbs into halogen housings."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I mounted these on the bumper of my Ford F250. They are about 24\" off the ground; not too close to the pavement by any means. The housings started to leak within a week or two of being installed. I removed the lights and tried sealing with black silicone, but they still leaked. Perhaps because of the leak, the chrome started flaking off within a few weeks.  I now have very good looking lights, which leak, produce nearly no helpful light, and won't stay aimed in the direction I angled them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was looking to buy some good fog-lights for my car, I did a lot of research, I was going to go for the Hella FF50, but I didn't want to spend a lot of money, so the second option was the Optilux 1450, like everyone said these are some pretty good quality fog lamps, they feel sturdy, however I agree with Tito's review, don't remove the black shields, as without them the lamps get very hot and you don't want to blind oncoming traffic, I tried a comparison side by side, one lamp with shield and the other one without it, I couldn't see a mayor difference. The cables are good, the only complaint that I have is the plastic switch, it feels a little cheap, but I'm hopping it will hold up."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just got one for my 2001 Chevy Suburban and one for my 2006 Ford Five hundred. These covers fit well. They don't slide and they are made of real leather. You can smell the leather scent. One imprtant note is that as a result of these covers being made well and of a thick leather, they do make the driving experience slightly different. They do make the steering wheel thicker. No regrets, the steering wheels on my cars were in poor condition. The alternative would have been to purchace new steering wheels."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use the &#34;scary sharp&#34; method of sharpening knives, plane irons, and chisels. That involves wetting a sheet of abrasive, laying it on a flat surface, like a thick sheet of glass (I use a surface plate) and sharpening tools on that. For the occasional woodworker it's inexpensive and very effective, and a lot less messy than waterstones.Reshaping damaged edges, I start with something like 325 grit wet-or-dry . For normal honing I start with 3M's 800 grit sheet and finish with this. It provides a mirror finish and a single sheet lasts through many sharpening cycles. I'll probably eventually invest in a set of good waterstones ($150-200) but for now this is a good substitute."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm always hesitant to use tire-shine for personal reasons.  They always wear-off and sometimes they are just too shiny.This spray really does the job.  Its non-greasy and shiny.  It makes tires to look BLACK (the fluid is white/cloudy) and as i was applying it to the tires, i could see a difference.  It rained right after i left the carwash and after driving in the rain for 15mins the shine/cleanliness was still there.  So over all i'm super happy with this."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I like this 3M Tire Restorer because it goes on easily and covers well. It leaves the tire looking great and not real shiny but like new. I don't like the really shiny tire products because it looks peculiar to see a tire that way. I prefer the matte finish where the tire looks like new and clean. I have tried lots of tire products and use this one consistently on my new truck and looks great. Also seems to last awhile. I also like the way it comes out of the spray bottle as it is a nice fan spray that covers a good area. Worth trying if you like to keep your vehicle looking like new."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This thing seems extremely well made, even if it isn't made in the USA. I had a cheap gun before this and blew the seals on the second use. This pumped grease into some well rusted fittings with ease.My only complaint is the hose fitting that attaches to the zerks. Yes, it is a 2 piece design as many have mentioned which is both good and bad. If you have easily accessible zerks that need a lot of pressure, you can screw this on and use both hands to pump. However, large u-joints can be a huge pain as I can't get anything in to tighten the fitting. I found I had to keep making adjustments then sticking it in the joint until I found the perfect setting where it fit on the zerk but didn't lose grease. However, there were a few joints where I was unable to find this balance and couldn't get them to take grease. I will have to buy a different hose to get them all."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very well constructed but it has a design flaw that makes it useless. The internal plunger has a disc with a slot and the T handle needs to engage the disc perfectly or the rod pushes into the grease and not the disc so the grease does not load properly. I have 4 other standard grease guns and these work perfectly but I wanted the pistol grip so I could pump with one hand.I have not idea what the intended purpose is in having the rod disengage from the plunger disc as this is unique in my experience to the Lincoln grease gun."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Can't say anything bad about the gun -- well constructed and built to last a lifetime. However, I see what people are talking about with the instructions. They're not really instructions. No parts labeled, nothing but a drawing of the unit itself, and another small diagram showing the spring release pulled back and locked. Other than that, the instructions literally consist of one 107-word run-on sentence that leaves you scratching your head. So just don't even read it, just throw it in the trash unless you want to laugh."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are many types of clay out there but this works great on a newer vehicle or one that only needs to be dressed up a bit. Easy to work with and requires little effort. I use a spray lube and have found Mequiars Final Inspection does the job.Make sure the surface is washed before starting.Unless you drop some or have other issues, one bar will be enough for most vehicles. I've been able to do 3 small cars with one of these bars.You could shop all over and play hit or miss for a couple bucks or just do it right the first time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Maybe its just me, but I didn't see much difference.  I have a 2010 370Z that I baby, and decided after three years it might be time to detail the finish.  As I said, I baby the darn thing so its garage kept and pretty clean to start with.  I followed the long, involved instructions written by one of the experienced reviewers to the letter. I decided to just do the hood, and then clean/wax the rest of the car for comparison. .  I could see some different in the hood.  It was definitely a higher gloss.  But not a difference that any one else would notice.  Maybe it would be more noticeable in an older car with faded paint.  But I wouldn't waste time doing this again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Easy to install, setup, wire up and use.  Its nice to have one connection point and be able to plug pin what ever kind of trailer you might want to tow. It works great with my camper, snow mobile trailer, ATV trailer and my old beater gravel, dirt and construction material trailer.Installation:  If you have a 4 wire harness already installed (like I did) you can just plug into that for all the lights, blinkers and brake lights, then simply add a break controller for trailer breaking  and connect to the wiring on the multi tow adapter. It also has pass through power connections for your attached trailer- which is great for charging your camper batteries while driving down the road.  We used this feature all summer while dry camping (camping with out plug in power) all over the midwest United States."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed to extend the length of the reach of the charge controller in my solar panel system setting, and after checking the prices of the extensions for sale, I decided to make my own.I bought these to cut in half and use at the end of the wires. These work so good that soon I'll be ordering more, because I'm planning to build a battery bank, and using these will lower the cost for sure.Also, they are easy and secure to disconnect and reconnect to the different component within the solar panel system setting."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it's usefully to get a wire off the ground, but it's pretty thick, and it set up for round tube, like a class III/IV, and not a square class I so it wasn't going to be easy to install, and be functional. i ended up installing the plug in trunk, and will have to have it come out that way, disapointing, but it works better that where i'd have to put it.it's easily 2x the thickness of the plug, and 2x as long. the plug will stick out a bit. if i had round tube, a self tapping screw would have worked well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The picture is slightly misleading. This is only the mounting bracket - it does not come with any wiring. But is is well designed to let you securely mount the end connector of a 4 wire flat cable. The bracket is flat on one side, and curved on the other. The curved side fits well on the tube of my trailer hitch. The connector on the end of my T connector fits well, and the weather cap comes out through a slot in the bracket. It sure beets having the connector flopping around!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Works well as a way to adapt our car's 7 blade trailer hookup to also work on our 4 wire bicycle trailer. The LEDs are particularly appreciated, as a way of ensuring proper functioning of trailer lighting to at least that point. The rubber cover for the 4 contacts is also much appreciated.Our lawn mower once ran over this, damaging it enough that we bought another, though the original does still work - despite no longer being quite all there.My only other suggetion is that it's not always obvious in the dark which side goes up, though it does eventually only fit one way.Recommended!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The GM bumper connector has its own cap to keep the weather out, and so does this Adapter. But I really wouldn't leave this adapter plugged in all the time because the GM connector then is not sealed.This adapter fits well, with a locating keyway that fits the groove of the GM connector, aligning all the pins correctly. It's a tight fit so that it won't fall out in case the cable to your trailer has enough weight to tug on this adapter to any significant degree.I don't have any illumination problems so the LED functions are not fully tested.  Frankly, I do a walk-around after hooking up anyway, with marker lights and flashers on to check that everything works.  I presume the LEDs will tell me if there's an issue some day."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "They are nothing fancy, some basic terry cloth sponges.I used them to apply waxes and leather care products.I own many fine leather items. When I need to clean them to remove grime and stains, then I prefer to use a terry cloth sponge, rather than a microfiber cloth. When I condition the leather, then I use the microfiber cloth which is much softer.I didn't have much problem with the lint issue, maybe Lexol improved these pads....?I washed them and they held up fine.But I do have to say, I prefer the Viking cotton terry sponge applicators better as those ones have a denser foam and are softer to the touch. In addition, I think the price for these Lexol pads are not such a good value, considering that one pad cost about $2.10. The Viking ones are much better value...."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So I had the misfortune of having to replace my brakes recently. I purchased one of these brakes spring tools and I am glad I did. You will see that the end piece of this tool, which has a one inch adjuster, the black piece. Slip the grooved area onto the straight part of the spring and turn the handle to tighten; it sure does make it a lot easier to stretch a new spring. I have tried to remove the springs with a vise grip and pliers but the brake spring tool is so much easier and Best $5 I have spent on a long time!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Sure you can use a C clamp or a adjustable wrench but this isn't very expensive and looks to be of reasonable construction. My only issue is I have everything to install brakes but I've been waiting for almost 3 weeks for a floor jack to ship and I'll be damned if I'm breaking out the jack out of my trunk when quality floor jack is on order. Ok finally used this tool and all I can say is Perfect! Works just as it should, I tightened in small slow increments and let the piston settle all the way back. Made adding the pads a dream, now if there was a way to keep the freak'n pads in place till you slide the caliper back in place ! lol"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I own my own detailing business and use this product exclusively for three purposes.  1. As a clay lubricant for paint contamination removal and 2. Putting the finishing touch on vehicles that are freshly painted and/or have had recent body work.  I love the fact that it's body shop safe, and 3. Prepping my polishing pads.  Otherwise, for anything else I use Meguiars synthetic spray detailer that wipes off even easier and has the added benefit of putting a protective \"film\" over the vehicle.  Another great product by Meguiars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had my 13 yr old car painted and the  body shop said no waxing for 90 days to let the paint out gas. I live in FL with bug season and water spots from washing and general dirt abound. Called Meguries and this stuff is body shop safe. Which means it will let the new paint out gas. I have been using it with excellent results between washes. Once the 90- days are up I will use a permeate wax.For really tough bug stains I use DP Detailers road kill bug remover and then the final inspection to bring the shine back. On very light bug splats the Final inspection works fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a very unique finish on the tins of one of my bikes; it's a triple plate gold with a clear coat finish and for six months I couldn't wax it, polish it or generally touch it. Even now I have to be very careful with the products that I use on it, but I've never had a problem with Meguiar's final inspection. In fact even when I wasn't allowed to wax the finish, I still could use FI 34 to remove dust from the bike. When I don't have time to wash, polish and detail the bike a quick squirt of this ingenious product and a wipe down with a MF cloth and I'm on my way. Bike looks new!It lasts and lasts too - although that could because I'm using it on a bike! Ultimately, always have a bottle of this in your garage regardless of your vehicle type."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used the Meguiar's professional line for years and couple them with the Meguiars pads used on a Porter Cable 7424 random orbital polished.  Results are outstanding.  This time, I had to rescue the finish from an incompetent transport company that wiped down the car dry trying to be &#34;helpful&#34; leaving it a mass of swirl marks.  Even this wasn't abrasive enough to remove them, had to go the low cut cleaner first then this polish and all is right with the world.  Two potential problems with this product - if you use an orbital polisher that isn't random, you'll likely burn through your paint if you are not a pro.  Second, DO NOT let the product dry before wiping off and when wiping off, a very damp cloth helps a lot.  Change the cloth (micro fiber preferred) frequently (I use about a dozen to do a small Mazda Miata as they will load up quickly).  Use the product sparingly - a little does a lot."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I ordered this stethoscope over the other brands on Amazon because of its higher reviews.  I had also read that other scopes were painful in people's ears.  The quality of this scope is as expected, but the earpieces are painful to wear for more than a few seconds.  That made it difficult for me when I was hunting for a noise in the front end of my car and had to test multiple places.  For quality, I like the scope.  For comfort, I do not.  Ultimately, I'd seek an alternate scope (for comfort reasons) if I were in the market for this product again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product really works great for any type of rubber/vinyl/plastic.  However, this item was purchased for a specific purpose, when you detail a car no matter how good you are you will get some wax splatter in places that you never intended, ie rubber weatherstripping, this stuff will take dried wax splatter off perfectly.  Highly recommend this product and highly recommend this item for any detailers bag.Advice use this product ASAP on dried wax, do not let the wax become sun baked!Also perhaps you'll have better luck than I, but I have yet to have one of these bottle arrive intact from Amazon, bottles are usually leaking contents upon arrival."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First off, don't get turned off by the name, Yellow is the color of the stuff, it won't turn your paint yellow!  It does look great on yellow paint though, also reds and darker colors like dark blue and black.  For lighter colors you are better off going with something else, Collinite 845 is a great choice.Pros:-DRIPPY wet looks.  You'll want to grab a towel and dry your paint, its that wet!-Decent durability, approx 2-3 months on a car parked outdoors-Fills in minor swirling-Leaves paint nice and slickCons:-Stains trim (rubber, black plastic)-Needs to be applied very thin, otherwise it can be hard to take off-Can streak if used on a hot surface or if too much is usedOverall, this is a great wax that has been around for a very long time because it looks so great.  its a total steal at the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have had this cap wrench for 20 years, I first bought it for my 1993 Tercel. It worked on the metal canister oil filters of the Tercel and it also works on my 2012 Camry 4 cyl as well. I cannot understand the large number of reviews stating that this wrench broke - how tight are the oil filters they are removing??? I cannot imagine this one breaking if the oil filter is installed properly. The only complaint I have is it sticks to the filter housing (both the metal filter of the 1993 Tercel and plastic housing on the 2012 Camry) so you have to rock it back and forth with your ratchet to get it off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When I first got it, the wrench did work, however, it was never that easy to use due to needing to be flared out first to fit over the filter.  At some point, I lost the spring (not sure why it could even detatch) and then it was rendered completely useless.  Ended up buying a couple of the large socket looking ones that come in three sizes to fit common filters.  They're a bit cheaper, but I had to buy multiple so they end up costing more.  But, they also work, easily, every time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the one to buy!Pros:- Cheap- Just the right size to remove the blue oil filter on my 2011 Subaru WRX. Attaches to a standard 3/4\" ratchet. Hasn't seen a filter on my car that it couldn't remove.- If you're not sure about your filter size, it comes with a template on the back so you can measure up your car's filter against it to see if it works for you before you open it. I like that it has a good range of filters it can accommodate.Cons:- For filters that have been overtightened (i.e. at the dealership), it permanently dents the filter, but who cares? It doesn't dent the filters I installed to the proper tightening specification.- Packaging is kind of weaksauce, but I could care less.- It's not very pretty, and the spring and mechanism are all exposed, but again, this tool is about functionality and you only use it once every couple months."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a zerk fitting that is in a difficult spot.  Be sides that the standard coupler wouldn't fit, I couldn't hit the zerk fitting head on either.  I have to go in at a slight angle, which made this job a real challenge.I bought two other types of adapters from local auto parts stores without any success.One was the rubber tip, and the other was 4\" needle adapter.  Both failed.  Rubber tip couldn't hold the pressure, leak grease around the rubber edge.  The 4\" needle adapter was too long and the tip angle was too wide.Bought Lincoln needle nozzle next and it was perfect for this.  The tip was narrow, sharper angle, and the right length.  It fits on my grease pump without any problems.  I was really happy that I got the ball joint greased up.  I would buy this again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed this for the newer style u-joint grease fittings (not zerks). There is no other efficient way to grease these new fittings without this injector. The picture doesn't show it , but the tip has a coating on it almost like bed lining to seal against the ball seat. I haven't tried it on conventional zerk fittings, but I don't see why it wouldn't work, especially on hard to reach/limited access fittings. I'm going to buy another one as backup since I can't find one locally."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I haven't really used it yet for the reason intended, changing the oil in my jet ski.  So, I can't comment on how well it works.  The main reason for this review is to put it out there that it does not work with a 2000 Chevy Silverado.  The siphon tube does not fit thru the bottom of the dip stick tube.  It would be really nice if Mityvac had a published list of what vehicles it works with and what ones it does not.  I have my fingers crossed that it'll work with my jet ski, otherwise there will be a new/(un)used Mityvac on *****'slist.  Long story short, do your research to see if you can confirm or deny if it will work with your vehicle before you buy it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was apprehensive because of the reviews with people saying theirs only worked once.. But I get the feeling that they didn't understand how the thing works. You can easily damage the components by using it wrong. You pump the thing 3-4 times per quart, but you don't want to sit and pump while you're removing the fluids, that isn't how it works. Pump it a 3-4 times and wait for it to get done, then do it again. It goes pretty fast! I did my brakes, trany, oil, power steering, transfer case, and differential before pulling the plug to get the rest and not make a mess and radiator fluid on a couple different vehicles.. went smoothly. I recommend buying a half inch hose clamp for the rubber reducer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If it works, it works pretty good.  Chances are you will get one with a missing O ring though.  Several people on car forums I am a member of receive defective items including myself.  I called customer service after multiple emails went unanswered.  I told them I think it was missing an o ring because it would not hold a vaccum.  They said \"yep it might be\" and that was it, no \"we will get one right out to you\" or ship it back for an exchange.  They were very rude.  I just sealed it with some gasket maker and it works now but looks terrible.  I would go with a different unit with beter quality control."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are adjusting headlights on a Ford with 4mm adjusting screws this tool is a must. The review that states that the screw moves out enough to keep you from removing the tool from the end of the screw is questionable however. On all the  headlights I have seen, the adjustment on the light moves in and out and the screw dose not, so If you can get the tool on, you will always be able to get it off. Tool is well made and the infinite ratchet is handy. Should last a lifetime even though the vehicle will not. All mechanics I know have one and Amazon is the cheapest. I ordered one that said it was used, in good condition, for ten bucks. When it arrived, it was on the original blister pack, unopened. This is not always the case, but this time, it was. If you are thinking of buying one of these tools, do it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This tool fits easily behind the headlight area in my 1996 Ranger pickup. The long handle makes it simple and quick to make adjustments. I saw in other reviews that the space in other Ford vehicles is tight, but there's plenty of room in the Ranger.It's not obvious which way to turn the screws for up/down or left/right, so you have to experiment. You just flip the wrench around to turn the other way. Unlike regular \"clicking\" ratchet wrenches, the fine-ratchet capability on this tool makes it easy to do micro-adjusting, and it also makes sure that you can turn the headlight screw even if you have only a short swing on the ratchet handle.(FYI: for the Ranger, the bottom screw is vertical, top screw is horizontal.)A great tool, makes an otherwise crummy job simple."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After I replaced the old faded headlights on my 2000 Ford CVPI, I noticed that they needed to be adjusted. I called a \"local and official\" state lamp adjusment shop and they quoted me $80 to adjust the two new headlamp assemblies I bought on E-Bay for $50. Right. So I tried to adjust them myself but it was very difficult and time consuming. I bought this tool from a local Napa Auto Parts store. The tool worked OK but unfortunately because the head is so big, it would only turn to a certain extent before being stopped by the other metal piece to the rear of the headlamp assembly unit. Another reviewer below mentioned the same problem. So in the end, the tool was really useless because I could not use it to completely turn the small screws all the way back towards the rear. Ford made such a poor design of their frame that I cannot believe how hard it was to change out my bulbs and headlamp assembly much less adjust them properly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Ordered this tool to align new headlamps I installed in my ranger. If you're looking at this review right now, you probably already know how difficult it is to access the headlamp adjusters. Thats where this little bundle of joy comes in, making it nearly effortless to align ford headlight assemblies. When you're not able (or willing) to use a small ratchet and metric socket to adjust the headlamps, than this is the tool for the job. And as always, Lisle makes an awesome product (which mostly tend to be made in the USA). Overall, great buy."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "And you're probably wondering what happened to the first one... very simple-- someone &#34;acquired it&#34; one fateful day. With that I was in need of getting another pair and after looking at the designs that are out there, I went with the same one that I had. What is nice is that it has a flat that when you crimp down on the ears it helps flatten it out so it is not a big bump. This definitely helps in preventing the clamp from coming apart or becoming misaligned too much while you are squeezing it. There is not much to say except that this one is exactly like my last one and I like the way it works."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "At less than $100, it's not much more than twice the price of one puller.  I had a stuck ball joint and got this and the ball joint puller was too small but one of the pitman arm pullers was just right.  So it lets you separate a lot of things in different situations without spending a lot of money.Everything is organized well in a sturdy plastic case.  Unlike some cases, this one is big enough that you don't have to turn the screws all the way in to fit the tools in the case.Very impressed at the price and selection.  It's not something I'll use every day but it's something that is nice to have when it's needed.  Besides, if I ever get a new car, I could probably sell this for at least what I paid for it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this kit to give me the parts to do tie rods and center link on an old MB diesel.  The kit was perfect and the tools were decent.  My main issue and reason for not given five stars is that this is not US-made.  Global economy or whatever, when I'm looking for quality tools, I'm not looking for products from overseas sold at top prices.  Sure, these are better than Harbor Freight, but I doubt the third world labor to make this was much higher than the HF part.But that is a rant to have another day, and I can point you towards a better kit for now.  So this is a great tool set for the DIY mechanic.. But I do hope that OTC brings manufacture to the USA."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to simply pop the lower ball joint on my 2006 Land Rover LR3 with 70K miles. I couldn't use the venerable pickle fork, so I had to breakdown and buy a front end set. This kit paid for itself in this one job alone. The dealer wanted over $700 for this job; It cost me $200 for parts and $94 for this kit. I used the longest puller for my job and it easily popped off the ball joint with just a couple of cranks with a normal length 1/2 drive breaker bar. The puller didn't even flinch. No warps or bends in the claws.I suspect this kit will serve me for life since I won't be abusing it with a commercial rate of use. I do work on cars more than the average backyard mechanic and I am confident you don't need to drop $400 more on a commercial grade name brand set."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It is apparently well made.  Works as you would expect.  Mine reads between 1 and 2lbs higher than the pressure compared with my racing gauge in the 29lb - 44lb range.  It is marked in 2lb increments but seems to bounce around a bit.  wouldn't count on getting closer than within 2 of your desired pressure with this unit.  It is good for filling past your point, knowing you are there,  then use a more accurate gauge and let air down to the exact pressure you seek.  For lots of uses it will be fine just to go with this tool and accept the +/- 2 lbs or so of error."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This air gauge is dead on accurate, it seals completely, allows air to flow the way it should and the two headed chuck fit all cars, trucks and even those pesky hard to reach motorcycle valve stems. I own three motorcycles and there is nothing more aggravating than trying to fit a chuck in between rotors, fork tubes and tight spaces on a motorcycle. You know what I mean. This two headed angled chuck is angled perfectly to fit over a cycle stem without leaking or having to bend the valve stem. I love it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Man I love amazon I never have to stand in a lne at a store ever again (: and prices are as good or better and the Prime membershiop is the best money you could spend I think..  This air head is the best I've used had a diferent one that would bend the dang schrader valve 1 out of 5 times But that was a totaly different item and dealIn all the hundreds of tansactions I've done with amazon just one was a problem that the seller will not honor their warranty on a a auto radiator"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The only flaw that kept me from leaving a 5-star rating is the \"inaccurate\" gauge.. Everything else works great & the inflator unit itself is built with quality material designed to withstand heavy use.After having read other's review here, I caliberated this Milton S-506 gauge against a high end digital gauge that I use on my passenger vehicles & the reading from this gauge is consistantly 4 psi lower.I bought this gauge for my Chevy DuraMax Dually, so I simply inflate the tires up to 64 psi in order to achieve 60 psi pressure on all the tires.So word to the wise, caliberate it against a better, more precise gauge first before you put it to use, this way you'll know how much to \"offset\" before you rely on it completely.Overall, it is an excellent value."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a nice, sturdy guage to check spark plug gap.  However, it has only an inch scale, with no metric equivalent on the reverse side.  So if you plan on gapping your plug to a metric value, forget this guage.  Even so, it felt good to use and not at all flimsy.  It's smoothly finished and the marking are clear and legible, making it easy to read.  Well worth what I paid for it.PS. Another reviewer said the one he received had the metric markings on the back side.  I found no such markings on mine -- perhaps the one I received was defective.  In any event, that doesn't alter my rating.  I still like it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This works exactly as you expect. If your gap is too small, you can just slightly tilt the entire gauge while measuring the gap, and the gap will extend some... that is, measure, push to extend, re-measure, and repeat until you have the right gap.You can also use the inside of the small ring area to expand the gap. This is where I think the tool could improve. The small edge of the wedge on the inner ring could be smaller. Once, I happened to tap my gap too small to fit on that wedge, and had some trouble getting the gap to open back up enough to again work on the gauge.All in all, though, this is a necessity in my motorcycle tool bag."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is everything you need in a tread depth gauge, and nothing you don't. Here's how you use it: You press the &#34;probe&#34; down into the tread gap to measure the depth. You then rotate the cylinder around to match the exact mark to the line. The measurements are on four sides of the cylinder, making them easier to read than being stacked on top of one another. Being able to rotate the cylinder makes it much easier to measure something as minute as 1/32 of an inch."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Measured my front and rear tires.  Front 6/32, rear 8/32.  Time to rotate.Accuracy is cleaverly done by putting the numbers around the barrel so accuracy is increased because numbers are spread apart.  Mechanically simple and small to fit in glove commpartment.Can't imagine any advantage to paying more for such a simple tool when this one works so well.  Quality is medium but more than sufficient for this purpose.  Only a few measurements needed for tires.  This tools is the one to buy."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This tool was just what I needed for a difficult to access connector. Lots of under hood connectors get very brittle and fragile with age but this worked great in my application and I was able to lift the retaining snap just enough to remove it without breakage. Will it work every time...probably not but it always helps to have the right tool for the job to minimize frustration. The tool I received had a grey handle not red like the picture. Not a big deal for me but thought it was worth mentioning for people who care about that..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was replacing an organizer I've had for years, that was just a little too small.  I saw this and hoped it would be a good replacement, but it wasn't.  If it's full of things it's alright, but it's totally soft sided with nothing really giving any shape to it, so if you don't have it full enough to hold its shape, it's going to start to fall in on itself.The mesh pockets on the outsides are alright but easy to get things stuck in that mesh.  I would've liked a couple of the open top pouches to be solid sides to facilitate holding different things.For the price, though, as long as you are going to keep stuff in it to help it hold its shape, it's a decent deal.  Not much you can find that's bigger than a visor organizer for under $20..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had always used a different brand for all my interior car detailing.  I was out of product and came across this.  After reading some of the reviews I thought I would give it a try. Was I ever happy I did. This is the best detailing product for all interior car surfaces that I have ever used.  My car is 12 years old and I have always kept it clean and looking good.  After using Mother's Protectant on the dash and interior surfaces everything looked new again!  Even the faux wood trim.  I then applied the product to every seal around the window and doors, they then looked deep black and new.  In spots that were to small to get into I used an old toothbrush.  I have now made Mother's Protectant my go to interior detailing product as well as the product I use on all weather stripping and rubber seals."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I detailed two of my cars this week and used a paste wax on the Corvette while going through the identical process on my Jeep except using this liquid wax as the last step. The wax was very easy to put on and easy to use. In-fact I think it was easier to use than the paste wax. However, when I put both vehicles side by side the shines look identical. I think that is a plus for the liquid wax as it is easier to put on and remove than the paste waxes. I have never gotten a bad Mother's product. This is highly recommended. It may cost a  fraction more than some of the store brands however it is worth it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I began with Step 1 Polish, and Step 2 Micro-Polish and Glaze, and finished up with the Step 3 Wax, using the Mothers Powerball 4Paint.  The Powerball put the wax on smoothly and uniformly, and after doing Step 1 and Step 2, my hands welcomed the break using the Powerball.  The car looks a brilliant white now.  With all the work preparing the finish, I put 3 coats of wax on it.  The car is a full-size, and there is enough Step 1 and Step 2 to do at least another car, and despite the 3 coats of wax, there is still enough in the bottle for maybe another 2 or 3 wax jobs.  Very pleased with the 3 Step process, and the Powerball."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this as step 3 of the 3 step process which has as step 1 the Gold Pure Product and the Micro-Polishing Glaze as step 2.  This step is the hardest of the 3 and takes the same amount of time to do as steps 1 and 2 combined.  You could probably just use this on your clear coat finished vehicle and get excellent results.  The wax is pretty thick and it takes some effort to apply and some sustained effort to remove.  When you are finished you will have a smooth, shiny, mirror-like finish which is gorgeous.  Be prepared to dedicate an entire afternoon to do all 3 steps.  On my Mercedes SLK roadster it took 2 hours and I am very happy with the results."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm not a professional car detailer but I have been waxing my own car for a good 10 years and understand the steps. I hand waxed this product onto my car and it was difficult to polish out with my soft terry cloth. For some odd reason the wax was leaving residue even though I was trying to buff it out with fresh cloth. After buffing the car, it did not come out as expected and the surface did not feel like there was wax, in fact it felt like I just washed my car only. I'm thinking this product needs to be applied using an orbital buffer as it requires more even pressure throughout. I will follow up on this review after trying out using a buffer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a dark colored car, so I purchased one of those \"black\" tinted spray waxes which claimed it also cleans and shines black plastic and metal trim.  Wrong.  I also use a regular (not black) liquid spray polish detailer.  It's okay on regular black plastic and window trim surfaces.But neither could clean the paste wax residue ruining the look of the textured black plastic on top of my rear bumper.  But Mothers Back-to-Black certainly did.  Now my car looks showroom new again.The product is a cream colored liquid (not black).  So my product applicator (an old sock) and my wiping cloth (an old t-shirt, both from my husband) aren't stained.  I'm very happy and I would I highly recommend this product to everyone."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I drive an older SUV that has a lot of plastic on the outside. The plastic trim had lost it's color and looked sun damaged and pretty terrible. At first, \"back to black\" didn't sound like what I needed, since the plastic I needed to treat was grey, not black. But, I read about this stuff on another website, and it can be used for all sorts of plastics/vinyls etc., not just black color. Anyway, this stuff really works. My car is looking much better now. I did the first coat and it is looking very good. I'll follow up with another coat soon, and hopefully it will look even better!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are restoring a 35 years old BMW classic you need only the best and this (as all Mothers products I have used so far- and they are many) is among if not the best.Several applications (every week)during the first 3 months have restored all rubber to its new like condition and this brings not only a better look but also brings back the purpose of seals all over the car. From noise reduction to air tightness to better working AC and well,many other advantages.Believe me, I don't own the company!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've tried every blackening product out there, Black-Magic, Armor All, Meguiar's, and even my own concoction and none work as well as this. Not only that, it lasts about 3-4 weeks outside in the weather, which I find amazing.Also it seems like the more you use it, the better it looks and the longer it stays black. Plus it has a pleasant smell, which is always nice.The only complaint I have is that it is a bit runny, which can make applying it a bit hard, but it's still worth every cent.A must have for anyone with black trim/molding!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this product based on positive reviews by amazon.com customers to restore the rear trim on my 1998 Buick Riviera. While it makes a nice shine, Back to Black did NOT make the trim black again; it remains grey. I expected a more drastic improvement, like some of the tire shine products.In fact, I tried Black Magic &#34;Tire Wet&#34; on the rear trim, and it provides at least as good a shine as Back to Black.Bottom line : product is okay, but will not by any means restore black trim back to black"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I began with Step 1 Polish, and continued with the Step 2 Micro-Polish and Glaze, using the Mothers Powerball 4Paint.  The Powerball saved my hands, and this Micro-Polish and Glaze made the white surface of my car reflect like a mirror.  You can't see the micro scratches easily on a white car, but you could see how smooth the surface was, and you could feel it.  I followed up with 3 coats of the Step 3 wax, and the car looks showroom new.  There is enough left in the bottle, after doing my full-size car, for at least another full-size car.  Good value!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When I hit the three-quarters post I'm ready for Mother's glaze to slide to the finish line.If you do it right the paint looks like glass. However, if you have a lousy paint job don't waste your money.This product is for people who can afford the best finishes and want to  sit around and get classy-eyed and polish their cars trying to impress someone. No machines. You need a microfiber towel and keep flipping it over  to get a really nice glare.I don't care what is in the stuff. It shows a noticeable difference. I care more about what beer I'll drink doing the job."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have been using this for years, and it is hands down the best quick detailer on the market. Products like Meguiars Ultimate Detailer are more of a spray wax type product rather than a detailer, as they withstand car washes. However, those products cannot be used on fresh paint, and they are a bit harder to apply/remove than the Mothers Showtime (which is safe for fresh paint - confirmed with Mothers). Not to mention it has a great smell, provides a deep shine, and fills in light swirl marks. The 24oz version from Amazon is a great deal, and if you try it, you won't be disappointed. The same goes for any Mothers product, actually."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used about every car detailer on the market for my Corvette as it goes to several shows a year. The Mothers brand caught my eye and even though it cost a little more than some of the other brands it is an excellent product. Easy to apply and wipes off with a nice shine. When I arrive at the show site, I take out my spray bottle of Mother'sCalifornia Gold and touch up any places needed so I have a great presentation for viewers.I have never had a poor product from Mothers.This is an update--I was out of this product and stopped at the car parts store and they were out of stock so I purchased a substitute which did an excellent job however I paid almost 80% more for the substitute product and the Mother's Detailer was equal to the higher priced product. I still think this is the best buy for detailer on the market."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The good news is that this is easy to spray on and wipe off. The spray handle gives a fine mist that covers a good area. The spray wipes off easily. The bad news is that the shine is not much better than if I had just washed it and left it. Maybe it will get better over time as the coating builds up. It also streaks a bit but this is minimized if you use a good microfiber cloth.  It's good stuff but doesn't give me the kind of shine I would get from a regular wax job."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this with the Mothers Powerball 4Paint and it went on easily, and I could spend the time on every surface giving the polishing I wanted, without wearing out my hands.  I have a white car, so the effect was not as visible as it would be on a darker car, but the smooth feel of the surface afterwards told me it did a great job.  I also used the Step 2 Micro-Polish and Glaze, and Step 3 wax, and the car looks showroom new.  There is enough left in the bottle, after doing my full-size car, for at least another full-size car.  Good value!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one of the necessary evils to keep my vehicles looking good. It is not a lot of fun but it gets all the contaminats off your vehicle so you can polish. Comes with everything you need. Just spray the lubricant on the vehicle and on the clay itself and start rubbing. It is amazing how much comes off even after it has been washed. I normally do a 2 ft x 2 ft section and refold the clay after each section is done to get a clean side. When it becomes pretty bad I use it to clean off my wheels. I've tried both Meguiars and Mothers and I like Mothers a little better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used Mothers California Gold Clay Bar to clean my car's paint before using DA polisher.  I washed my car two times and then used Mother's clay bar.  Even after two washes, when I ran my hand on the paint to feel the surface before and after claying I could feel the difference.  After claying the paint was appreciably smoother.The application was very easy - just spray the included solution and slide the bar on the paint, knead the clay when it smudges appear.  The box warns that if the bar is dropped it has to be discarded, so I was mindful of not dropping it and I did not.  It was quite easy to hold and use.The only thing I did not like about this product is that the solution smelled like cinnamon.  I am not a fan of cinnamon and that smell is unpleasant to me.Overall, this is a great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It's a good kit for beginners because it has everything you need to get started.  I used this on my six month old Honda.  Since it's still new, there wasn't oxidation or anything like that.  Just normal industrial fallout that left a non-smooth feel when stroking the surface with the back of your hand.  Well, after claying the surface it's like someone finally gave the surface a real bath - baby smooth now.  I also used this on the glass and same effect."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've owned a black car for 25 years and keeping it clean and keeping swirls out for the paint is tough. So I bought another black car but this time I searched you tube for car care and found things about &#34;claying&#34; your car. I thought &#34;no way&#34; I'm going to rub a bar of clay on my black car, that would just scratch it to death. Well I was wrong, even after a good cleaning there is still dirt particles in the paint, just do the plastic bag test and you will see. I used the clay bar as instructed and it deep cleaned the surface and in turn I could seal the paint after the claying job. It does an amazing job on cleaning your paint. I have used it to remove scuff marks, bird doo, bugs, about anything that is on your paint."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have been detailing cars and aircraft for forty years.I have tried almost every thing out there as far as waxes and cleaners go.I'm am a old school Simoniz guy. Yea, lots of work...but it works.I would always use a cleaner first, Dupont worked.I figured it might be time to try something new.So I tried the Mothers clay bar. Did not work well.I tried Meguires Clean and wax and that stuff is great.Tried Klasse, real good stuff.Micro fiber.. the more you spend, the better you get.The clay was a joke."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this on My New 2013 KIA RIO and it pulls the Dirt off the Car after I thoroughly wash it. An Amazing product, works like a charm. The spray has a Cinnamon smell to it, its not bad but For people who don't like Cinnamon I feel sorry for you,k But I would use this None the Less.It pulls the contaminates off the car and yes you can hear it, it does help remove tar, bugs can be stubborn but do come off. Make sure you use plenty of spray and don't push hard, you need to glide across the paint."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Never did this type of detailing to my cars before and was introduced to it by a friend.After getting the hang of using a clay bar on vehicle it is a truly impressive thing to see as it strips off all the junk our cars seem to accumulate over time and gets off the stuff that harms paint and makes it both LOOK and FEEL horrible!For the money both this kit and the Meguiar's are a great deal and even though it only has 2 clay bars there is plenty  to get the job done on a few cars for sure! You should definetly get a refill bottle of the detail spray since it needs to be applied liberally when doing the clay bar process. Having a gallon jub handy is good to do since you cant let this stuff dry out during the job!Cant say enough about this system of cleaning your car off from all the oxidation and grime that builds up over the years!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great clay bar kit at a good price. It comes with everything you'll need. 2 clay bars should be sufficient if you've never clay bar'd your car before, 1 is enough if you do so periodically (1-2 years). Awesome super smooth finish on your car removes pitted particulate and some swirls, but it does require good amount of elbow grease for great results!The application spray has this nice cinnamon scent to it, but I still don't think that that means it's good for you to keep inhaling it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The clay bar is excellent, works wonders at removing all the little bits of grit and grime and leaving a mirror smooth-to-the-touch finish. The detailer and microfiber cloth are a bonus, however any quick detailer will work just fine for using the clay bar. I used the clay bar for the first time on my brand new Shelby GT500 which had a bit of grime built up from the trip from the factory to the dealer. I love how it felt after I was done. So smooooooth. I will definitely be using it often and will order another one of these in the future when I need to."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are two (2) 50 gram bars in the package but there is enough clays on each bar that I cut them in halves & used the halves without any problem.Water hardness makes a noticeable difference. If you have hard ground water like I do, my advice is to spend the few extra bucks to wash & clay your car in a self car wash where the water is softened or deionized.Other wise you will not reap the full benefit of claying a car as you are just grinding the paint with microscopic mineral deposits.Use water as lubricant, do not leave any soap on the paint & use the suds as lubricant as the chemical in soap will quickly break down the clay bar itself. You will find the clay \"disintergrate\" after 1-2 car washes if you rely on soap as lubricant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This RTV is intended for primary use as engine gasket maker - temperature and oil resistant. But it also works well as general purpose RTV when the near-black (dark gray) color is desirable. Which was true for my application - making gaskets for mounting car speakers in odd sized door application that required custom spacers. Worked great.The dark color is especially troublesome to get off the hands - use disposable gloves during application.This package, a small &#34;squeeze&#34; tube is not easiest for application of a regular bead. It is easier to use the slightly larger, calk-gun sized package, so consider that if the larger quantity is also helpful."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this in order to seal some parts of my car's valve cover mating surfaces.The shop I paid for the timing belt service to be done did not do a good job.Valve cover gasket never leaked before, it started leaking after they put a new gasket.Obviously they did not clean the mating surfaces.I did the job myself since I did not trust the mechanics at that particular shop.It does not leak now.This product also helped me repair parts of glass molding (rubber parts around the rear glass) that started cracking, falling off.All in all it is a great product and is worth the money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this stuff really helps prevent rust on nuts and bolts. i lubed up my brake studs with the permatex anti seize and it lasted through out the whole winter without needing to be re-applied again. i actually apply this on every bolt i have to take out on my car like the struc bolts, tie-rod, axle nut, brake caliper bolts, etc. i dont know how well this would work against exhaust bolts however. the permatex anti seize does say it can tolerate 500 degree F of heat but never had the chance to test that out."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This scratch remover seems to be more of a polish  and lube that will remove the surface scratches for the paint. It does not appear to have any &#34;grinding&#34; type ingredients in the paste.It will have little of no impact on deep scratches or deep nicks in the paint. It is easy to out on and remove and will a decent job for those light scratches. It did not remove any discoloring on my paint such as a stain left by a bird dropping. It ddi make the blemish lighter though."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this product due to the fact that I was (unfortunately) involved in a small collision, where another driver hit my passenger side of my car, backing up. Anyway, there was decent scratches all along both passenger side doors, as well as white marks from the offending vehicle.After cleaning the area lightly, and applying this with the Meguiars Applicator pads (which weren't cheap, but ended up being worth it), many of the scratches which were an eyesore were actually gone. I applied this for around 3 minutes on bad areas, and 1-2 on minor areas, working it in and adding more as I massaged the scratches.This isn't a miracle cure for paint by any means, but it for sure masked many scratches that weren't too deep. Unfortunately, it doesn't last if you wash the car, or even if the car gets wet in a mild rain shower.I would not recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product works at least as well as other similary priced scratch removers/hiders....only really effective on very shallow and narrow scratches and swirl marks. I have tried 3 of these specialized scratch products, and none of them hide scratches quite as well as regular Eagle One NanoWax (now discontinued). These products work by filling in the scratch with material that makes the scratch visible only under certain lighting conditions and viewing angles. Meguiars, like most of the others, work better than ordinary wax at hiding very minor scratches, but don't expect miracles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I wasn't surprised when I tried the 2.0.  Very effective polish for novice to enthusiast just as how it was with their original ScratchX.For those that aren't getting good results, you are probably not using the product correctly, or your scratch is just too deep.I like that there is no shaking needed.  I just grab the bottle, pour a dab onto my pad, and immediately use.Also the worked in polish easily wipes off the panel.I am very happy with the results.I consider myself a weekend car enthusiast, use professional equipment to detail my cars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use it to keep the clear lexan cover on my squad car light bar maintained.  Makes it look like new and seems to provide a lasting protective finish that is superior to other products that I've tried.  Works well on those \"plastic\" headlight covers that tend to haze over.  The container tube is good quality and has not cracked and split open like some other brands I've used.  They even put a hole in the base of the tube so you can hang it on a nail on the garage wall (or on a chain around your neck, I suppose).On paint???  Outstanding!!  I think you'll be pleased."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used this product along with several other Meguiar's car are products and am aware of their quality reputation. Truth be told, I chose this product over the 3m glaze because it was available through Prime and I could get it delivered faster. I prefer 3m products and most likely always will.That aside, this glaze works very well. The glaze has the look of dark mustard. Several thin coats of this glaze provide a deep shine.I've used this glaze on a black colored vehicle and a white one. It almost seems as if the black car was excessively prone to picking up light lines(super thin scratches). This was not as noticeable on the white paint finish.This glaze is a good buy."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Used this on two cars, one silver and one black.Both were done on a cool day in the garage after a clay bar routine.The silver car was super easy and looked great when finished. It came off even easier and faster than I expected using micro-fiber cloths.The black car took more work and had swirls at first. I hit it with an orbital buffer and the swirls were gone.Highly recommend two applications of this for full coverage. It goes fast enough that two applications are no big deal."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Finally used up my first bottle of this after a few years.  The great thing about this wax is that it is easy to remove the dried haze.  You can leave it overnight if want and it still buffs off easily.  Also it does not turn most plastic white if you get some on the plastic but I still avoid it.You don't need to apply much, just enough to cover the surface.  Does not have much polishing action so the paint needs to be clean before starting.  Also I use it on chrome, chromed plastic, etc."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Nu Finish and this product were listed as the top spots with Nu Finish liquid beating this one out only due to a lower cost and it being their best buy then.  Well I have Nu Finish and I have used it on a lot of cars and there is nothing wrong with it.  I just wanted to try something new.  This stuff goes on with less mess than the Nu Finish, comes off easier IMHO and also I believe it has a better shine.  I did however use a Meguiars polish before putting this wax on and I had never done that before ever using the Nu Finish.  I'll wax with this stuff about once a month and every weekend when I don't use this wax I use theMeguiar's Ultimate Quik Wax"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've owned this wax for some time.  It doesn't last more than a month - if that. It's a pain to put on and take off.  It goes on ok, but taking it off is another story, leaves a almost a oily residue until you wash your car, or use numerous towels/microfiber to take it off.  How much do you really want to rub your paint to get the residue off (I have black paint)?  I haven't really seen any good protection from the elements or from birds/bugs.  One postitive is that it does smell good when applying it but I'm sure Meguiars added the fragrance for some marketing perspective.  All in all, for the price compared to durability - this stuff is a waste and not sure why Meguiars even put it on the market."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is an easy to apply excellent wax. It does contain petroleum distillates (not stated on package but I called company to find out) so I cannot get any on the 3M film installed on the nose of my Corvette, a disadvantage for this vehicle. For waxing on paint it does a great job and is very durable on our 4Runner daily driver. I deducted one star because there was no yellow application pad in the package as stated.  Called Meguiars and they are sending me one.7/3 update... Deducted an additional star as no sponge received on timely basis as had been promised by Maguiars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is easy to apply and easy to wipe off.  But, on black cars especially, it does not give a nice deep glossy or \"wet look\" shine.  It leaves more of a streaky oily finish.I switched over to yellow carnuba wax and the difference was night and day.  I have a full bottle that I no longer use and it's just sitting in the garage collecting dust.If you have a black car, and stick with carunba wax instead of synthetics. Meguiar's to make great products, but this one fails to impress.I get a better shine off of Meguiar's cleaner wax than this NXT stuff.But a friend introduced me to Mothers pure carnuba wax and I have since made a switch in brand.  I mean the shine you get with this stuff is just insane."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a Porter Cable 7336SP dual action polisher with the backing pad and the Meguiar's 6.5 inch pads fit perfectly and securely. I like these pad very much. I use Meguiar's Ultimate Polish with this pad to remove minor swirls and minor scratches on the clean coat of my car. I place product on the pad, lay it on the car and turn on the polisher so as not to sling product. The Porter Cable 7336 polisher is not the most powerful, so when I first begin polishing, the machine rotates the pad when I don't add much pressure. However, as the product becomes loaded with wet polish, the pad begins to drag and loses its rotation. It helps that the pad is not &#34;so&#34; thick and that the edges are tapered. I've solved the problem by having a second pad to change out to finish the second half of the vehicle. The pads are easy to clean and I let them dry with the Velcro pad facing up. I am pleased with the results."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this pad with theMeguiar's G110v2 Professional Dual Action Polisherto applyMeguiar's  M-0616 Mirror Glaze Professional Cleaner/Wax. 16 oz. liquidand thenMeguiar's  NXT Generation Tech Wax 2.0 (18-Ounce Liquid).The pad stayed securely on the polisher (hooks and loops system) and followed the car's body fine.  I only had one pad and had to wash it after using Mirror Glaze and before using NXT Wax. I attached the wet pad to the DA polisher and turned it on to spin the water out of the pad. The pad did not fly off.Using the DA Polisher and foam pads allowed me to perform a lot of time and labor consuming tasks in a lot less time if I attempted to do it by hand.I am very satisfied with this pad."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Meguiar's buffer system takes a lot of getting used to because these pads are hook and loop attachment.  The hook and loop (Velcro) is not very strong, and it is glued to the foam.  This means 2 things...  the pads will fly off and have to be constantly re-centered and reattached while you're working.. and once they get hot the glue lets go and then you need a new pad.  This is very poor design for a buffer system that costs $150 for the tool and $0 per pad.  If you can get past those limitations, you will get a well buffed car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product I'm finding does a nice job on my black leather Ford seats. This is my second bottle. A quick spritz on the seats and a couple on a white microfiber towel and i run over the seats quickly. The dirt appears to be on the towel when I am done and the seats shine nicely. It does not leave any grease feel which is important in a convertible in the summer when dust will stick if there is any type of residue like that left over. I use it once a week after a wash just to keep the appearance up. I'm going to try it on my leather couches inside the house instead of buying the kit that they sold me with the setup which dried out quickly. Meguiars goes on quick and comes off easy. Nice Product!They also sell products that separate these into two separate bottles. So far, I'm not changing. The car is a 2012 and does't need deep deep cleaning, which I imagine the other products are for leather that is older and needs more attention"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used Flitz extensively over a 15 year timeframe.  I used to detail corporate aircraft, and we had large panels of polished aluminum on spinners, nacelles, and leading edges of the wings.  Flitz made the job go quick, and it provided one of the longest lasting results.  Today, I still use it on cars for brightwork, and on jewelry, silverware, and a multitude of other uses.  2 pounds lasts me a long time despite frequent use.  Flitz also does a good job restoring plastic headlight lenses."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just used this pad to remove oxidation of a very large Rv. I used it with McGuires 3 part RV oxidation compound set for fiberglass. It took a med blemished oxidated gelcoat finish and turned it into a mirror finish smooth, no burns or scratches.Oxidation is totally off finish. Its a great pad. Well worth the cost and it really held up enough to do entire 28 ft rv. Good solid foam no junk. Make sure you clean pad as it builds up. I just hold a hand scrub brush on wheel and let in spin on pad. Pad is strong enough to stand up to some good pressure."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This pad and the yellow polishing pad are perfect. Cell foam material is durable, wash and reuse. This pad worked perfectly on my Home Depot's Ridgid Random Orbital Sander with the hook and loop pad. Don't spend $140+ on a so called \"car\" random orbital polisher. The Ridgid is basically the same thing...yet only costs $60 and I can use it for home improvement work after my car is done. Meguiar's Scratch X 2.0 also works good with this pad to remove minor scratches and blemishes. Use Ultimate Compound for heavier oxidization."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this item because my hydraulic jack was leaking and I always had to top it up everytime I wanted to use it, which alone can take me 15 to 20mins to do.  With this, I just drive up and in a matter of about 2 mins I'm ready to work on my car.  It makes my DIY fluid changes and inspections MUCH easier and quicker.I have a 2005 Mazda 3, and I have absolutely no problems with it sliding, moving, or touching when I drive up on it.Although my car is not even half the weight of the 8000lb capacity model, I bought the 12000lb version just to be on the safe side.I've had this product for just under a year, and I use it every 4 - 5 weeks.  I highly recommend it if you like to save money and do your own oil changes."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used Simichrome on some golf irons where I used a MAP torch to heat the epoxy. This caused a light heat stain to form on the hosel, which is just surface oxidation. Simichrome removed it, but so did Blue Magic which is less expensive and readily available.I tried Simichrome on my Ducati exhaust, which has turned purple at the cylinder heads. Simichrome didn't even dent the oxidation, which Blue Magic will help reduce. I did notice that Simichrome seems to provide a brighter luster to polished surfaces and even brushed surfaces.Overall: 3/5 stars, expensive, can be hard to find, Blue Magic does the same job mostly. I felt Simichrome provided a shinier finish after an application."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Also had some baked on oil stains on  tti ceramic coated headers on our 70 challenger caused by leaking rear main seal. Once repaired tried semichrome to remove them. No success at all.  Again pulled out the mother's,,,,although slow and tedious, it did the job with no damage to ceramic coating.Screw on lid on mother's makes far better sense.  Semichrome lid requires an inconvenient  pry tool to remove,,,,which tends to clobber lid causing it to not seal well.  Additionally semichrome is somewhat on the order as twice as expensive.  I should have purchased a tube instead of a can to give it a try,,,would have saved 15 or so dollars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Really wasn't sure if this would work. Didn't even understand how to use it until I received it. Sat on the shelf until the heater in my Tundra reminded me that I needed something that would remove that musty, moldy odor. This has a long tube that you insert into the vents in the center of the dash. Push the tubing in as far as you can (which is almost all of the tubing's length) and depress the button on the top. I did it both vents but never emptied the can. Then ran the blower. It wasn't until a few days later when the weather was typically that which would make me notice the musty smell but it wasn't there!! Very, very happy with this and even happier that I didn't have to take the truck to a repair shop for a 'flushing' of the venting system. Try it, you'll like it!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After reading the reviews on this product, I decided to bite the bullet and pay the high price for cockpit premium. I couldn't wait to get the stuff and start using it and I was excited to see for myself firsthand what the great fragrance was that everyone was &#34;ramping & raving about.Yes, the smell is nice for the whole 5 minutes you smell it. But after that, it dissipates into the air and you no longer can smell it. As far as the cleaning part goes, I'm not impressed with that either.I would not recommend this product to a friend unless it was $5 to $6 bucks cheaper."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Simply the best protectant I've ever tried. No greasy feeling like armor all, no tacky feeling like Meguiar's. The scent is a pleasant &#34;fresh&#34; smell. Does a fairly good job of taking off scuffs and such. It doesn't seem to attract dust, so flat trim looks better longer.A little goes a long way. I find I use about a quarter as much of this as I do the other protectants when doing my interior. Given this, while it isn't cheap, it really ends up costing less over the long term."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This little product has its place, but I don't think in its present form that it can replace road flares.  The idea is a good one, and with a little tweaking, the product might be a great item for an emergency road kit.  If they made the flare bigger, larger light emitting head, and light from all sides, I think they would have a winner.  In its current form, it is too small and too lightweight to be of much use.  One would need several, and at almost $10 each, that would be expensive.  I think a couple of them in a glove box might be a good idea, but no replacement for a huge flashlight and some road flares.A good idea but needs work."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This may be something that would be nice to have in your emergency pack, but it is small, toylike and not really functional as a \"flare\"  The light that is generated is bright in both the flash and continous shine mode, but the light is directional.  It projects basically in one direction as opposed to being a genuine flare style that projects in a 360 degree radius.  For a carry-around for emergency use it would provide some help, but I think there are better flameless flares on the market that would work better.  This is a lower cost item, so you may want to consider that when you make a comparison.  I give it three out of 5 stars but I can't recommend it to anyone who may consider this to be a complete emergency flare solution."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are definitely some advantages to this over a traditional flare. It will last much longer, and it has a magnetic base that is strong enough to hold it on a metal part of your car.  The battery cap screws on and has a gasket in case it is raining. It is also compact and lightweight.The disadvantage is that it isn't anywhere near as bright as a flare. It has a single LED that is very directional. If it was placed on the road in front of a car it would be very easy to overlook.I think a folding triangle with reflective tape along with a couple of flares would be a safer alternative.Sean P. Logue, 2010"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I measured it at 500 feet in the dark.  It is clearly visable.  But headlights will wash it out as some point as a car approaches it.  And if there are lights beyond your vehicle it may get lost.  However, it is inexpensive and certainly better than leaving your emergency blinkers on if you are going to be away for long enough for them to drain your battery.  I wouldn't buy just one per vehicle.  I'd buy several.  The magnetic feature is very handy.  But the key is getting your vehicle off the road as far as possible so emergency lighting is not as important.  If you can't I'd use emegegency flashers and get back to your vehicle ASAP.  And forget about using this during the day.  You can't see it from far enough away to avoid an accident."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I ordered this to help make a better fit for the bike rack on the front of a Ford Expedition. I was specifically hunting for a fairly short extension because I wanted the bikes to stick out no further than necessary. The selection of holes in this extension allowed me to adjust the fit into the receiver, as well as the fit of the bike rack into the extension. This allowed me to fit the bikes about 2 inches closer to the vehicle than any other extension I was able to find. Very pleased with its performance."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have had this item on my jeep for just about 2 years now.  I need it because of the 35 inch tire on my tailgate covers access to the normal hitch area.  It has been used to haul many items and has worked flawlessly.  ( trailer 5x10, boat, 16ft, and a cargo cart with 300lbs in it )  It has zero rust on it and I am very impressed with it over all.  Also noted that I do a lot of 4x4ing with my jeep and have dropped the rear end off a few steep drops and this extension caught the weight of the jeep without any sort of damage to it.  A++ in my book!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My dad has used Kroil for years but I wasn't able to find this in stores anywhere. Amazon to the rescue! While doing a brake job I had a couple bolts which I was NOT able to move. I tried PB Blaster and got nowhere. I sprayed on the Kroil and first I noticed that even though its thicker in consistency, it penetrates just as well (if not better) than PB blaster. It also bubbles a lot more (which I guess means its having a better chemical reaction.) After about an hour I tried the bolts again and they came loose right away!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Not much to say, other than to let people know these work on Ford vehicles.I installed them on my Truck and my wife's Escape.  Both vehicles only use 2 screws so I was able to use one package for the 2 vehicles.On my truck I took the extra time to reach behind and put the white plastic \"nut\" on the end of the screw (on the tip of the screw that stuck through the bumper).  This will make it pretty much impossible to remove the screws without holding onto the nut.(I think the white plastic thing is actually meant as a bushing for larger holes???)For my wife's escape I couldn't reach the back side of the screw without take apart the hatch so I just put the screws in.Like others have said, this isn't \"bulletproof\" - but it will deter theft.  I could take out the old screws with my pocketknife so anyone walking by could steal the license plate in about 10 seconds time.  This will prevent that type of theft..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Nice to have something other than a standard flat or Phillips head screw if you have a nice plate frame or even a backup camera mounted over your plates. If your mounting screws go straight into your car rather than taking the lock nuts behind a bracket, these screws will most likely be too big to fit. I just drilled out the plastic pieces that were mounted to my car and then just threaded these in. Ended up with a nice tight fit. Add the little plastic caps for a nice clean look.Cruiser Accessories 82050 Screw Covers, Black"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I decided to try these out, and I'm glad I did! The black ones look really god in combination with the carbon fiber license plate frame I also got from Amazon -REAL 100% CARBON FIBER LICENSE PLATE FRAME TAG COVER FFSince most plates only use two screws, one set covers front and rear (If you are lucky enough to live where a front plate is required)The white ring mounts like a washer under your mounting screws, and the black cap just snaps over the top. Seems to hold well enough to not fall off, but they pull of easily if you have to get to your screws. Another reviewer mentioned that they trap water in and rusted his mounting hardware. That is good to know. I would suggest going with stainless steel mounting hardware just in case. (Which isn't a bad idea anyway)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have an auto alarm but the blinking led is in a place that is not noticeable to a potential thief. I put loop tape on the back and placed it on my dash and loaded it with 2 Amazon AAA batteries.  It has two flashing LEDs that alternated and really attracts attention.  Although it does have an on-off switch I left it on 24/7 for a Month and it's still going strong. Much longer than I expected.It is visible in the daytime so long as it's not 'directly' in the sun.Quite happy with this, good product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have no idea if this has ever prevented anybody from messing with my car, but it gives me a little extra peace of mind when I park my nice car in a not-so-friendly part of town. I debated on buying a real security system for my car, but the general consensus around my neighborhood is that a car alarm won't even turn a head and an overly sensitive alarm is likely to get your car vandalized from annoyed neighbors. This works great for my car because it hides nicely on the dash and with my window tint you cant see that it's a cheap stand-alone box. The lights however shine brightly enough to be seen through the tint even in the day. I've had the same batteries in it for over a year. I probably only use it a couple hours a month."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one other item you need for your Hi-Lift jack. This allows you to lift curved bumpers, or ones without notches in them specifically for this type of jack. Great small accessory that goes well with the jack itself. Heavy duty and will last many years. I did modify this with some rubber to not mar metal finish of my bumpers though. If you have plastic bumpers, don't use this, it will leave marks. A friend of mine did that with my jack and them complained. Like it was the jacks fault he was stupid. This is metal and could scratch if you are trying to lift someone that is softer material. Comes with bolts that look too small but do the job. I added larger ones that are stronger, but the ones that come with it are rated for the correct weight loading. You need this for your jack. Will help with some fence posts of odd shape as well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You can use this bad boy as a base for your Wrangler's bottle jack - especially if your lift kit has put the axles a tad out of reach. If you have a Discovery, you will need to Dremel out small notch for the OEM bottle jack.  High Lift jacks are great accessories, but they're not all that safe for changing tires in the field when you think about it.  For that, a bottle jack with a good base and an axle lift point will get you going just fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I recommend this oil to all Harley owners. I have extensively researched what motor oil to run in my 2006 Sportster 883 and decided to go with Mobil 1 V-Twin. This is the same oil weight as the Harley &#34;formula&#34; stuff, only you don't have to go to the dealer to get it. I firmly believe this makes my bike run better and it has been proven to run Harley's cooler. I run my bike hard in the Texas heat and conventional oils would break down and turn black after only ~1,200 miles or so; I won't make that mistake again as I won't have that problem with Mobil 1. I also use this as my primary fluid on the Sporty. Simply drain the primary oil and drop in a quary of Mobil 1 and you're back out riding with superior protection.KEEP IN MIND THAT A CASE OF THESE MAY COST MORE THAN ORDERING INDIVIDUAL BOTTLES SO CHECK BOTH PRICES BEFORE BUYING"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had K&N; filters before on BMW cars in the early 2000s, despite all sorts of warnings about it can damage mass air flow (MAF) meter. Love them because they do give that extra-something to the engine during acceleration.K&N; now assures public that its tests were accepted by major car manufacturers, and that it will not void any warranty by the dealer service centers. That obviously speaks volumes. I got this for a recent model Sienna V6 and it fits fine. Look forward to save money over the lifetime while increase engine performance a bit."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is my third K&N; filter that I had purchased. When Amazon had a sale, I immediately bought a third for my 05 Camry. I also have filters for my 2007 Highlander and 1997 Chevy G3500. They all have given me smoother acceleration and a 10% increase in fuel economy. I went from 19-20MPG to 22-23MPG. It's only a couple MPG, but it really adds up in the long run. I wasn't expecting massive gains, because as other reviewers have said, if these filters gave significant increases in MPG, all the Car manufacturers would be installing these as standard or creating their own versions.As for the horsepower increase claim, I would only know if I put the car on a Dyno, so I can't say if there's a difference.Overall, worth the buy if you don't want to keep buying new disposable filters."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is actually my second K&N; filter purchase for the same vehicle.  I find it easier to have two so I can quickly swap them out and have the car ready to go while I wash, clean and more importantly let dry the other filter.  I've never had any issues with this filter, been using it on my 08 Toyota Highlander V6 for over 50k miles so far.  I have cleaned the MAF twice as part of my routine maintenance procedure using CRC Mass Air Flow Cleaner.  The stuff works like a charm.  Use this filter on the 08 Highlander 3.5 V6 with confidence, just my opinion of course!Note: this is a tight fit for the my vehicle, so please make sure you have some patience.  Tip:  Disconnect the main intake hose first (loosen the collar with a 10mm socket).  and then remove all of the mini vacuum hoses and then loosen the two 10mm lid screws.  The whole top should come free."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Easy to apply, easy to use. Moisten the surface to be cleaned lightly with a bit of water spray, then pour some Lexol cleaner on your hands. Don't worry, it's safe (as are most leather cleaning products. Remember, leather is basically skin). Rub it in everywhere, then use a soft brush to agitate the surface. Use a wet cloth to wipe the Lexol off. Bam! Clean as can be. You might be surprised how dirty your chair can get when you see the colour of the Lexol foam after scrubbing. Make sure you apply leather conditioner/oil after cleaning to maintain the leather itself. This product is only the cleaner side of things."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Claying your car is a very important step nowadays.  There is so much pollution in the air and it sits on the paint surface and often gets ground into the paint.  My car was brand new, but it sat on the car lot front line, next to a major Highway and major feeder street, so it had quite a bit of particles on it.  You could not see it, but you could feel it.  I used the clay kit by Meguiar's to remove all of the particles before I waxed my car.  The surface, after claying, was absolutely smooth and the wax went on easily."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When researching what to do to make my car paint smooth as glass, I found this clay kit.  Works wonders, especially on weathered finishes.  Test your paint surface for roughness (everyone's has some) by putting your hand in a plastic baggie and wipe it over your car paint.  If it feels rough, which it should, then Meguiar's Clay Detailer is the cure!  Using the spray as a lubricant, the clay is rubbed along the paint surface removing bonded contaminants which cannot be removed by washing alone (tar, etc.).  I love it!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a pretty simple, cheap compressor.  As others have said, you can take it out of the housing and turn it into a compact compressor that you can store easily.  Especially useful for motorcycles.  Don't try to use it on the battery without turning on the engine though.  You might end up draining your battery.I attach it to a gauge that has a passthrough valve and can check tire pressure and fill up easily before going out for a ride.  Since it's always best to do the tires before you start riding on them, this works out well for me.Accu Gage Air Check Inflate TiresIs the gauge I use"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This duster is very handy to clean up your car or truck. It is a fairly large wand that has treated fibers that attract and hold the dust so you can quickly clean your dash, seats and any surface in your vehicle. Dust sticks to the fibers so you are not just stirring up the dust you are collecting it.I like it because I don't have to spray any cleaner and wipe it all up.  This is much faster.  They say you should not wash it as it will remove the treatment from the fibers so I just shake the duster off when I am done.  I can't stand a dusty dirty car and I want to make it look nice and protect my investment.  This duster works quickly and doesn't scratch your car's interior.  The tapered and flat dusting wand even reaches into tight spaces like along the front of your dash against the front window.I like mine and use it all the time!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this cable with my solar kit and am very happy with the durable construction. I use a small solar panel to charge up my deep cell battery, and then attach these clamps to the positive and negative posts. Voila; an instant DC power socket.I also use these clamps on my car battery when I want to get the most watt power for electronic devices. When paired with a small USB inverter, I can get the full 140 watts from it, instead of the 100 watts available through my cigarette lighter.The cables are of middle thickness, but are smooth and well constructed. The clamps are secure when attached to battery posts, and easy to remove. The length is a bit on the spare side, but I understand that these cables cannot be too long and still provide useful electrical  juice. I'm pleased with this purchase, and plan to order a second one to live inside my car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to use with a Vivair air compressor that draws about 15A.  It will work off some accessory sockets, my bimmer works for instance, but not for very long without the engine running.  In my truck, the amp draw is high for the accessory socket and it is only active with the engine running.  This is a bit of a pain when you want to check and air up your tires.  So I clip this to the battery terminals and I am good to go.  The clips are not huge but work fine for me and the construction overall is fine.  It is nothing very fancy but it is well worth the modest price IMHO."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I installed these to replace my stock, yellowish, non-impressive Toyota FJ Cruiser headlamps.  You can see the difference in a pic I posted, the drivers side is the PIAA and the passenger side is the stock lamp.  The PIAA is visually whiter without the blue look.  I have not spent a lot of time with them on dark country roads yet but the initial feeling is that they should be an excellent upgrade.  I will post up once I have a few miles on them in the dead of dark!Update July 2013.  I love these lights and they are still going strong.  Excellent white light for dark, dark country road driving.  FJ should have come with white lights like this from the factory, they are a great match!Update October 2013....they are still working GREAT!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My 2007 Toyota FJ Cruiser's stock horn was, well, pretty pathetic.  A single horn that wasn't very loud and would easily get lost on the highway - and it's amazing how many people are unable to see that bright yellow SUV so a horn that works is cruicial to my survival.  The PIAA horns dropped in with very little work - the FJ is wired for a second horn, so all you need are a couple of electrical tips, about 3 feet of copper wire, and a 10mm bolt and you can put the pair of these in front of your radiator where they'll do the most good - most other cars, I suspect, will have similarly easy installations.  The difference in volume was immediately noticeable.  They're not train horns, and they won't make your ears bleed, but they're appropriately loud car horns that install easily."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Before Mothers California Gold, I was using Meguiar's Gold Class exclusively for my car wash.  I thought the Meguiar's was quite good. It had the best cleaning power and was the least harsh of the car washes that you could get at the auto parts store. After using Mothers, I think I will be switching car wash soaps. This soap actually made it easier for me to dry the car! As the label states, I was able to achieve a dry, spot-free car with fewer passes of the towel as compared to the Meguiar's, which took more passes.Make the switch. I know I will."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used every kind of wax and polish there is and this Mag and Aluminum Polish works great on wheels. It will add shine and luster to polished aluminum wheels where they have faded or tarnished a bit. I use it by hand but you could use it with a buffer if your wheels are really tarnished.I would not recommend it for highly polished wheels or aluminum, for that I recommend Mother's Billet Polish. The difference between the two Mother's polishes is the amount of abrasive and cleaners in each one. If your wheels or aluminum parts are in really good shape, the Billet Polish will give them a mirror finish, the Mag and Aluminum Polish will probably slightly dull the finish. If the wheels or aluminum parts have lost their shine then I would recommend the Mag and Aluminum Polish. There is a big difference between the two but not detailed enough on Mother's website."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased a bottle of Mothers Glass cleaner simply because I have used other Mothers products (waxes) and they seem to work very well. Also, this cleaner is safe for tinted windows because it does not contain ammonia.Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed with this glass cleaner as it streaked more than Windex and no matter what I tried, I could not remove the streaks at all!I did not notice any difference in the streakiness between non-tinted and tinted glass. Both were pretty bad.I ended up just throwing the bottle out and went back to using microfiber cloths and purified/distilled water."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Lately, there seems no difference between polishing compound/rubbing compound. The latter used to refer to very coarse material but this no longer seems true.I use this compound mostly on plastics and it can remove residual adhesive, scratches, etc... It can also be used to polish clear coat layer on metallic paint. Paint whatever with metallic paint first, then spray a few layers of clear paint (gloss). Wait a day or two to completely dry and lightly polish with this compound & soft cloth. You'd be happy with the result."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I tried the Same, model BMW had made for their Parts Department. Even with a discount and the BMW Sticker and a Car Club Discount, Not the Same as the Real Thing. (Returned it Promptly back to BMW)Amazon.com comes through again! The Battery Tender has all the Features for your Car, Bike or Outdoor Equipment! The Extra Battery Connectors were first to get added to my cart, then the 25' Extension. It also has traditional Clamp on Clips for regular jobs. Much More flexible for long term needs of a Car Nut, Motorcycle Nut or anything else that has a Battery! 12V and Stored most of the time. Perfect to leave in Float Mode and the Battery life will definitely be extended.I am going to wire up everything I own and permanently wire them for a Battery Tender, Even the Generator!Bought a Battery Tender Bag to keep all of the Accessories, GREAT Engineering and Options! I will one day own a wall mount to power my entire collection of Toys!Enjoy!BatmanDSM"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this for my 1996 Harley and found this to be the best battery tender. It works great and keeps my battery conditioned over a long Pennsylvania winter! When spring comes my bike's battery is ready to go. I have owned this product for about 2 years and it is great. It is so simple to use and has the connections necessary to use on different batteries. My uncle ended up buying this exact one for his tractor and trolling motor on his boat. He is also impressed by the quality!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have one Battery Tender Plus and love it, No problems with it. Works Great on the quads and motorcycle, Also put it on my electric start generator. I make a habit of every month to swap it from one unit to the other for a couple of days.Till fully charged. All batteries keep at full charge. Also put it on my pick up and jeep when i don't drive them much.Also i charge the battery in the trailer. I guess i am to cheap to buy another. But this way i look at the batteries and check.The pick up and Jeep and trailer have big batteries and take a little longer to fully charge. Great unit.A must have and AMAZON has a great price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this Battery Tender to keep the battery in my summer car charged up in the off season.  Unfortunately this battery tender caused my battery to leak acid all over the trunk of my car causing corrosion and requiring an expensive repair.  I purchased this unit specifically because it's NOT supposed to overcharge a car battery.  What a mistake.  Don't buy this product - it doesn't work as advertised.  I reached out to the manufacturer via their website twice but they never responded to me.  Faulty product + no customer service = fail."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have had motorcycles and cars for years.  Keeping the batteries from sulphating is a big problem for other than every day drivers.  The technology in the Battery Tender Plus is exactly what I need for the batteries in my classic cars as well as my Harley.  I like it so much that I bought Battery Tender Plus units for my two brothers so that they can keep the batteries alive in their motorcycles too...  Great product and I hope to be able to save some bucks not having to replace batteries as often, not to mention that I can hop on my Harley and take off at a moment's notice...  I plan to use it on my boat marine battery too.....  I may order the 4-up model to be able to keep multiple batteries alive at the same time...."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Of all the battery chargers on the market, the Battery Tender is the best.  The device is small and portable, works exceptionally well for maintaining batteries and does not over charge (over charging can decrease the overall life of your battery).  It is simple to operate and can be left hooked up to a dormant battery while it is not in use.  The Battery Tender can be used while the battery is hooked up to a vehicle/mower/etc. or not.  Highly recommended. I comparison shop a lot before buying anything - hopefully you can benefit from my time investment and review."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Time will tell, but this battery tender appears to be very well made. The unit is pretty compact and solidly built. I am not a fan of plastic in my garage. It typically indicates to me that the manufacturer is looking to cut costs and maximize profit vs. putting out the highest quality product that they can. This unit has a metal housing.Anyhow, this unit was super easy to set up on my motorcycle and lawnmower. With the leads already installed, I just have to plug it in. The conditioning mode of this tender will go a long ways in increasing the battery life as well.I would certainly recommend this unit!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the Cadillac of battery chargers.  I put my Miata on the charger each winter.  Doesn't overcharge the battery, doesn't dry out the cells, just works perfectly.  It will even charge up a dead battery if you give it a few days.  At this low amperage it isn't ideal for this, but it will work.This is about $50.  A new battery is about $100.  Leaving a battery discharging or not charging for a long time (months) kills the battery.  Do the math and you see you can't afford not to have one."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is perfect.  It comes with some small alligator clamps and also comes with wires that can be more permanently installed.  It charges and cycles the battery so it won't overcharge.  Cord lengths are long enough and the unit has a nice led system to tell you what it is doing.  This is exactly what I needed for my car which sometimes spends a few weeks in the garage without being used.  Tired of coming home from business trips to a dead battery that needs to be jumped (then replaced)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Add me to the list of failures...after 11 months. I do not know why I ignored over 30 one star reviews. I thought with all of the positives, they must be flukes. Well mine just fried, nasty burnt electronics smell, no lights, no output. It did not hurt the car it was attached to and I discovered it very soon after failure. It is not worth the hassle indicated by others to file a warranty claim. I ordered an Xtreme hoping for longer life and good performance. Anybody reading this review, beware! The failure rate on these Deltrans is too high."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2000 Mustang GT convertible that I keep garaged and drive on nice,sunny days. I had been using a cheap trickle charger from Harbor Freight. Recently I discovered the battery had died so I decided it was time for a &#34;real&#34; charger. The reviews were great so I decided to give it a try. It is a small but powerful unit. It took  my battery from stone dead  to a full charge within 24 hours and it automatically maintains a full charge. It uses LED lights to let you know the status of your battery. I wish it had a gauge instead of the lights but I still would highly recommend this to friends and family."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Never lost a battery to winter low temperatures/forgetting to charge it since I got this.  I peer thru a garage door window occasionally to check that it's little LED light is green, and that's it.  I chose this brand because it doesn't drain your battery if the power goes off.  We have power outages here from time to time, and our old wiring has had some bad connections show up in our house's history, so I didn't want that worry.Chose the Plus model because I'm using it on a size 27 or 29 (can't recall which) deep cycle battery.  It took a long while charging when the battery was 50% discharged, but it does do it - no need to fast charge the battery first with another charger."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Purchased the battery tender to maintain a full, healthy charge on my vehicle and generator batteries. My vehicles and generator don't get used very often, so i'm really hoping this product extends the life and performance of my batteries. Since it has arrived, I've been very impressed with it's performance. This product is much smaller and safer than any other charger/tender I've yet to come across. Keep in mind that this is a trickle charger, charging only 1.25amps per hour, so it does take some time to properly charge a battery. As the instructions annotate, it will NOT charge a totally dead battery (for safety reasons). This is defined as a battery with 3V or less charge, per the manual. It goes on to explain that when this is the case, the battery is likely defective and needs to be tested/replaced. Overall, very happy with this purchase. Only thing that could've made me happier would be if it was made in America."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you have one of the millions of GM pick ups with the base mirrors these are a reasonable add on for towing.  They are easy to install after some practice.  Easy to remove - not sure why some other reviewers had problems with this...  Just unscrew the clamp and slide them off.  They are a little tough to adjust because you need to move the mirror beyond where you want it and let it snap back a bit. Just takes a little time.  Once adjusted they stayed put. They are stable on the highway but on bumpy roads they cause my OEM mirror glass to vibrate more than the add ons.  This is probably due to the extra weight of these.  You will definitely want to take them off when you are not towing.  They make your truck look like Dumbo and people will bump them in parking lots.  Best price by far was Amazon when I bought them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Put these on a 2006 Yukon Denali XL to see around a 26' travel trailer. They fit like a glove and look very nice. Both the mount and the mirror are solid. You can adjust the little mirror, but it is stiff enough that it doesn't vibrate going down the road. The instructions recommend cleaning your mirror before you put these on and I would recommend it too. The didn't scratch my mirrors and they were hard to slide on and off, but they are tight enough that if you have a large chunk of something on your mirror, it may cause damage to your mirror over time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Our Chevy truck has chrome on the forward facing part of the mirror.  After using these mirrors for a few camping trips, it ended up getting a little scuffed.  It wasn't bad, but it was noticable.I would have taken them off after each trip, but the installation (although not overly difficult) was not easy enough for me to do so every day.As for functionality, the mirror is a little small, and although it DID give me increased visiblity, it wasn't quite what I was expecting.Maybe I was expecting too much from this mirror, but I couldn't bring myself to give it 5-stars.  I'll keep using them (especially since the chrome is already scuffed!!!), but this isn't a 5-star item."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Let me tell you, backing up a 35 foot camper is a pain when you only have the stock mirrors!!!! These made all those troubles disappear and might have saved my marriage too. My wife can't seem to get the hang guiding me back. There was usually lots of yelling and cussing involved!!! Anyway these mirrors work great and are very easy to take on and off. I've had them on at 85 mph and they didn't even budge. And no the camper wasn't hooked up at the time!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Highly recommended.  Just make sure it has ample water to get started (1 gallon minimum).  Used in warm and cooler weather without issue.*Update:  4/2014: after camping an entire season with these, I found that they didn't work very well.  Tissue and waste didn't seem to break down very well, and it most certainly doesn't mask odors very well.  I even tried using 2 packets instead of one (for a 30 gallon tank); no difference aside from things being very blue!I think I'm going to try the \"tried and true\" Happy Campers  Organic treatment next."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Aside from the fact that it kinda reminds me of bubble gum when I put it in the tank (I have no idea why it smells like that to me), this product does what it needs to do - keeps the odor of our waste tank to a minimum. We combine these with Walex BIO-11530 Bio-Pak Natural Holding Tank Deodorizer and Waste Digester to manage the odor with these, and digest the waste products with the other. Combined they allow you to empty your tank less often and take longer off-grid trips without being revolted when you get back to a dumping station."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this tool to winterize our travel trailer.  Simply screw it on to your water hook-up, and then attach your standard air adaptor to your compressor hose - and presto - you're in business.The tip is flexible, but secure.  That is, after connecting your air hose to this plug, you can tip the hose in any of 360-degress, and it will flex.  This is great, because in colder weather a more rigid adaptor might break.I would recommend this plug for anyone that wants to winterize their RV, and I would purchase it again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this version over the plastic version because you can connect any type of air compressor to it. The adapter is the same kind as used in car and bicycle tires.I used it last weekend to clear the water lines of my travel trailer and it worked as advertized.I initially was going to just use a bicycle pump to push the water out, but I managed to borrow an air compressor at the last minute. I blew the lines for about 30 minutes and then pumped in some RV antifreeze as recommended by my trailer manufacturer.Even though you'll only use this adapter once a year, I would recommend this over the plastic version because it should last a lifetime."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is our second Camco Fridge Airator.  The old one lasted for 7 years.  They are efficient and work well at keeping the temperature even throughout the fridge.  Rated it a three since this unit does not stay closed very well once the batteries are mounted inside.  They provide some outward pressure on the closure mechanism (pressure needed to provide battery contact).  Like the old unit, it uses plastic tabs to hold it closed.  Looks identical to the old unit (and it stayed closed), so maybe just a problem with this particular unit's tabs?  Not a deal breaker, as I put an elastic band around it to make sure it stays closed while were driving down the road."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Trivia:  You can't have a sewer hose on the ground in Oregon.  It must be elevated!Betcha didn't know that, but what the heck!  It's always nice to have your \"stuff\" run downhill into the dump station instead of just sitting there in the hose!  Some people (Joe Flatlanders) carry a rain gutter to accomplish the same thing, but is a rain gutter collapsible into a nice little package with a handle?Word to the wise:  NEVER leave you black tank gate valve open!  It's ok to leave your gray tank open but NEVER leave your blank tank valve open!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "i use this in addition to my built-in RV water filter.  we used it to fill our freshwater tank at home so that we had familiar and clean water at the RV park.  couldn't tell the difference between &#34;RV&#34; water and drinking from home faucet.  CAUTION: be sure to rinse out the carbon before using it--squirt water through the filter and you'll see lots of carbon residue... continue until the water is clear (only a few seconds) and then you're good to go."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a good value and it's useful.  It's a one time set up and then hopefully it will help get the job done over and over.  I've purchased two of these.  one for a Pop UP camper I've owned since 2008 and the other for an Airstream camper we acquired in July.  For winterizing I also use the  Camco 36143 RV Blow Out Plug with Brass Quick Connect (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XL2IEA/ref=oh_details_o00_s01_i01) also available through Amazon Prime.  These to gadgets make winterizing much easier."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this in my KZ Spree 19' travel trailer to winterize the plumbing myself.The instructions are clear, the fittings are correct and fit well with no leaks.It took me no more than 15 minutes to install this kit, which is then left in place for next year saving even more time and money, and flush the plumbing with three gallons of anti-freeze.Without this kit, it would have cost twice as much to assemble my own set-up at home-depot, and taken twice as long. This is reasonably priced, shipped quickly, and is a much better alternative then filling your freshwater supply with many more gallons of coolant.Bottom line. It works well, doesn't leak, and saves time and money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Excellent product.  Does exactly as it's supposed to.  Just don't be a moron like I was and pay attention to the direction of the arrows and think about how the water will get sucked from the bottle.  I had mine connected backwards for about 30 minutes until I figured out why it was not sucking anything from the anti-freeze bottle.  Once I corrected my mistake, it worked like a charm.  Definitely a must-have for any rv'er especially one that lives in the north."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This valve is exactly what I needed to make draining the hot water tank in my RV a breeze. Unfortunately, it arrived with a quality control problem - the T-handle was not properly crimped onto the valve shaft. The first time I tried to use the valve, the handle came right off in my hand. Rather than fool aroung with the nuisance of returning it, I reworked the crimp with a hammer & punch. I was able to make it secure enough that I can use the valve without the handle coming loose. Hopefully, it will not work loose & be lost due to vibrations on the road."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After looking online at &#34;ready-made&#34; emergency auto kits, I made up emergency bags of my own for my kids' trunks, just in case the MN roads got the best of them.  The pre-made kits were either too expensive and filled with the cheapest junk, or they just didn't have an intelligent assortment of things I know people need (from experience).  Many of those kits were labeled by AAA.  So, strangely when I went looking for a first aid kit with something more than band-aids and rubber gloves (who really needs those, anyway?), I found this, complete with gauze and tape and stuff you need in the real-world if you get stuck, stranded, or hurt.  I wanted to go a little bigger with other things like peroxide and cold compress, but it was cheaper to buy those separately and just go with this kit."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are good. Not necessarily better than other wheel chock. Honestly a wheel chock is a wheel chock. However, the cord makes all the difference. When you kick these up under the tires and then jack a car the chocks wedge up under there really tight. When the car comes down the chocks need some help to come out. Yank the cord and you're done. I also like having a bright color chock so I don't forget they are there. Don't buy black ones. They'll blend in with the tires you're likely to forget. These are very noticeable. The chock itself is on par with others, but the features (cord and color) are what make it stand out."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a broken expensive Bose head phone at its hinge after using few weeks. Tried to glue it with different crazy glue from Asia but it broke at the same place after few days. Finally I used this glue after reading review. It was made in USA. This time I am very satisfied because the glue holding very well. After drying the glue was harder than original plastic part on the head phone. The only little problem is the color of the glue is gray, not transparent after drying. But it was super strong and tough as an American. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this unit is easy to use, read and durable. I had one for 20 years before it finally gave out (dropped once too many times). I bought a digital unit - wont work or quirky if it's too hot, too cold, raining, icy, snowy, and many times not easy to read. There's a reason that all of us have ANALOG clocks in our kitchen - our brain processes an analog dial far faster and more intuitively than a digital readout.Get this - you know you need one. Put in glove box and use once a month."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I found a link testing different Cold Air Intakes (CAI) for this model truck (2003-2007.5) done from blackbear performance.  The tube alone produced 5~HP along with most others. I don't think I will post the link but googling it up for a 2004 silverado CAI dyno tested should get you what you want. Best bang for your buck. Removes a lot of extra tubing that doesn't need to be their. When installing, put the metal clamp things on first, then the rubber tube. Fit the rubber tube over the fittings (Air box or the Intake itself) then put the metal clamps over the rubber tubes that connect the Intake tube to the rest of the motor/air box. This is the easiest way to install it since the holes that this tube has to go over distort it enough to make installing with the metal clamps on impossible. After I figured this out, it only took me ten minutes after fighting with it for fifteen. Good luck and happy Hunting! :)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always had great experiences with Meguiar's products. This stuff works great and I used it on a Black car. A black car is very hard to keep the paint looking show room. I've used Detailing spray from local auto stores and they got nothing on this Meguiar's product. This stuff does not leave any smears but only if you use it under the sun it does and its very easy to wipe clean. This stuff removed deep water stains with ease that my car had, just use it under shade and cool car and you'll get a show room quality car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had my paint cleaned with a clay bar and a machine polish.Proper prep is important on a used car. Goes on easily, used very littlefor a thin film. Hand wipes off easily. You must give it 12 hours to curebefore using your car. If you park it in a garage and don't use commercialcar washes, you'll get up to 6 months of protection, especially if you doa second coat. Very slippery finish and looks almost as good as carnubawax which only lasts 4-6 weeks. great labor and paint saver. I also usedit on my windshield and other exterior glass. I thinks it's much easier towork with than Rain X and does a similar job. My 2004 Lexus RX330 looksgreat and cleans easily as nothing sticks to Rejex."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Love bugs in Florida, along with the other flying critters around are a real test for a product like this. Heck, you can saddle up and ride some of the insects that hit the windshield and front paint on your car, motorcycle, and motorhome!  Use this product and they all wash of with vertually no effort.  Works on the windshield glass without effecting wipers.  Cycle windshields become rain dispersing and clear as can be. Te front of my Camper looks like new.Use is after your clean the vehicle completely, do not use wax over it, and enjoy the results!  Oh, don't sit on your car hood after using this product, YOU WILL SLIDE RIGHT OFF!!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These work as advertised but don't do anything particularly special.  Best part is just tossing them out when you're done.  No lint, unlike paper towels, so it works great to leave your interior surfaces clean without residual lint that can look really bad or embarrassing.  This product just cleans without any oil or gloss left over so that's great too as I dislike having greasy finishes that can reflect badly in the sun.  Need to make sure you keep these stored indoors out of the sun else they could dry up on you.I would suggest buying these when they're discounted such as subscribe and save @ 20% to maximize your savings."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought a used RV.  It was our first.  Got it home and was doing some cleaning and general maintenance on it when I found the anode rod out of the hot water heater.  Now I have never had to deal with this before so I think that the junk on there needs to come off so I put it in a bucket with vinegar.  My buddy who has been RVing for a few years starts to laugh at me.  I had cleaned it down to the little copper wire in the middle.  He said it should be large looking.  So I get on Amazon and look it up and sure enough here it is.  Live and learn.Bottom line:It fits our RV hot water heater and was a great price.  Check them about once a year and flush out your tank when you change it.  It keeps the tank from rusting."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "$15 is cheap insurance for what could ammount to a well over $500 repair.  Campers aren't cheap and niether is maintenance on them when something goes wrong.  I think the \"ounce of prevention\" rule was written for RV and home owners.  Anode rods are designed to prevent harmful build-up in your hot water heater by causing the build-up to form on them.  Yes it works!  While your getting one for you camper, you might want to check the one in your house hot water heater (yes it has one too, and I bet it's in need of replacement as well.)  5 minutes and 15 bucks can save you hundreds down the road."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Going from a diesel pusher back to a 5th wheel I was already getting grief as to how much more movement of the RV would be felt over that of the diesel pusher while raised up on the leveling system.Not being new to the 5th wheel movement and shaking when parked and people moving around inside I ordered this as I have used one in the past.  While a 5th wheel king pin stabilizer will not eliminate all of the movement it does greatly reduce the movement.It is easy to assemble, easy to use though a little on the heavy side.  But, then with weight comes strength I guess.  I have tried it out and am pleased with the improvements it has given.Amazon had the best price I could locate after an extensive internet shopping for price including shipping.  And of course there is that great customer service and return policy Amazon offers should you experience a problem.Over all I give it two thumbs up for performance and value."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Not rating it high because it will not work on a Openrange lite fifth wheel hitch.  The hitch on these lite's are like a goose-neck hitch which allows to make 90 degree turns in a short wheelbase truck.  The hitch comes down to far and there isn't enough clearance between the hitch and the ground.  The legs would be spread too far out to give any type of support.  What I did was put it under the large bracket that hold the hitch and that did work pretty good.  You cannot attach it to the ball, but overall it seems to control a little of the rocking motion of the trailer. The item itself is built sturdy and I would have rated it a 5 but it not for every fifth wheel hitch."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The only thing I have against scissor jacks is that after they have been raised to the height prior to having to level my 31' RV, it requires quite a hefty force to raise it for leveling. The included socket and turn handle had the pin break at the socket and I had to improvise with an icepick for a temporary repair. A Camco socket that I purchased also for using fit perfect, but a 3/8\" drill wanted to burn out tring to raise the jacks. I plan to use something more powerful next time. I'd like to see some gearing on the crank to make the jack raise easier when leveling my rv. THe Jack does have the strength and ability to take the weight without any problem."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Armor-All is a miracle worker for tired, dried, old upholstery. It cleans, seals, protects, covers scratches, and makes leather and vinyl look new again. I've been using it since the early 1980s, and highly recommend it.  I use it on the seats, dash, inner doors, and even on the tire sidewalls.  I've also used it on leather and vinyl purses, an office chair, and leather book covers.Just spray, let it soak in, then wipe it off well.  If you buff it, it doesn't leave an oily residue or any odor.  Don't use it on any place that would be a slipping hazard, like floors, because it does leave a slippery finish.Try Armor-All and you'll be amazed at how great your car seats can look!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was looking for a Respirator to use while degreasing firearms with Brakekleen and messing around with &#34;odorless&#34; mineral spirits.Plus I have a pretty big Brain, so my brain protector is large compared to normals.  Couldn't find a size Large at any of the home improvements stores and this is only 20 bucks shipped.Great protection, did not smell any fumes at all during cleaning.  Only once I removed this respirator and was headed inside did I realize how bad those fumes could have been to me.  Awesome mask at an awesome price.Love 3M products."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this to upgrade the horn on my Miata. Louder than stock with a nice tone. The install wasn't bad; you do not need a relay. I've also used a Nautilus compact air horn. The tone of the Nautilus is much nicer, much higher, which I like. The volume is similar between the two. The one thing I don't like about the Nautilus is it needs routine maintenance. Over time, you need to spray WD-40 into the horn opening of Nautilus to keep it working. This restores its performance. The Piaa, being an electric horn, is not affected by extreme cold like the Nautilus, nor does it require maintenance. It is a nice upgrade, but if I had to purchase again, I would choose the Nautilus."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I recently bought a 2011 Hyundai Tucson loaded to the gills and was astonished at how impossibly wimpy the single note factory horn was.  Leather seats, nav, panoramic sunroof, bluetooth, backup camera, kick-*ss sound system with subwoofer and iPod integration, etc., all kinds of toys.  Yet the factory horn sounds almost as robust as the horn in the 1966 VW bus my family had when I was a kid.  \"Meep meep.\"  Note I said the Hyundai horn was ALMOST as robust as the '66 VW.  I think the VW horn had a little more oomph.  What was Hyundai thinking??I found a Hyundai tech to swap the original Hyundai/Kia P.O.S. horn with this item and the results are awesome.  My first ever new-car mod and it worked out great."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Tried it on my 2007 Aveo with no known problems. It detected zero codes. Hooked it up to my 2000 Sienna with a check light and it prompted a code(PO0135) to replace my oxygen sensor. Did that and rechecked it with no codes. You need a code reader instead of replacing every sensor! How do you erase the codes with the erase button? I tried with the erase button with no avail. I ended up just disconnecting the negative battery cable for five minutes. I replaced the battery cable and started the van up. Low and behold, No More Check Engine Light. This small entry level, pocket size code reader did the job. The OB-2 hook up for the van is under the dash near the steering wheel. Paid for itself with one code reading compared to having the shop do it. I'm glad that I bought this in the comfort of my home with Amazon instead of driving around in traffic."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This Actron CP9125 is an invaluable tool in that it allows you to clear the CEL (check engine light) without having to disconnect the battery and risk possibly causing another problem.  If, for example, your gas cap is left loose and the CEL comes on, you can immediately reset the CEL rather than panic and go to the stealership.  But most people don't realize the OBD-II (on-board diagnostics) will actually self reset after a number of cycles, but few people understand the testing cycle process."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This baby right here is an excellent  wheel scrubbers for trucks, some convertibles, and sedans.  Using at the same time with some tire cleaners, it made cleaning out the wheels and rims a breeze. However two this I didn't like about the giant furry mace. One, it has a metal clip on the top of the brush, so if you're not careful, you can do serious damage. Two, it's huge! I mean you can sword fight with someone with this thing when the time comes. It can be handy for large tires, but damn, it's like the brush when manufactured took steroids. But overall it is a nice LARGE brush of the century."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I received one of these years ago as a gift to clean the spokes on my bike.  It worked great and lasted over a decade.  I also used it on the wheels of my cars.  It really makes quick work of the dirt you can't reach or would spend a lot of time trying to get to.  I just replaced that old one and the new one is identical; very good quality.  Be aware that the core of the brush is a heavy twisted wire that terminates in a loop at the very end of the brush.  Be careful that you don't scratch your wheels with this exposed wire loop.  I personally never had a problem with it but am careful, being aware of the potential for scratches.  If I was designing this I would have coated the end of the wire in rubber. (thus the 4-stars)  I definitely recommend this to those who really like their vehicles clean."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Tore the bumper on my RV. I do not blame this thing for the problem, the bumper just could not handle the force of two bikes and a bike rack ( total weight about 80 lbs ) running down a bumpy road. It started to tear a hole near the weld to the frame of the trailer. Did not notice it for a few days until I could see the bike rack sagging. Don't get me wrong, this thing is built VERY solidly ( and mounts perfectly to a 4&#34; square bumper ). I am really writing this to warn others thinking of using this as I did. You really need someone to weld something to the bumper to make it stronger ( or replace the bumper with a stronger one ) before using this, or maybe use a very light bike rack with a very light bike."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I detail cars all the time and have used many products with limited or even disappointing results, but Invisible Glass beats them all.  It's almost like using distilled water (which works very well for mild cleaning), and for more moderate dirt removal it may take more than one application, but it cleans exceptionally well.  I use it for auto and home.  It's one of the only products that can be used on tinted or treated glass, it doesn't streak, and if used regularly it almost polishes the glass.  It's a great product!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yup.  Passed the 200k mark 2 weeks ago and its still running smooth as silk thanks to Royal Purple.  If you are trying to justify the cost, you can go easily go 5,000 miles between oil changes and the old oil is still almost as pretty as new.  Compare that to the house oil from your local parts store.  RP wins hands-down.  Right away my engine ran a lot smoother and is still doing so through the heat of summer.  Think about how much less wear and tear will be going on in your engine with it running smoother.  Try it.  You'll never go back to another brand again. I really should be getting paid for spreading my love of Royal Purple."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Noticeable difference almost instantly.  I was surprised.  I am somewhat crazy when it comes to maintenance on my vehicles.  I reagularly do the required maintenance before it is required.  When I changed the gear lube in my axles (front and rear) it felt like someone had &#34;unlocked&#34; the truck.  there was a noticeable difference in drag. The vehicle seems to accelerate easier, and less pedal was required to keep it moving.  I knew this was good stuff, but I was pleasantly surprised after changing the oil.  I notice very similar results after every engine oil change.  no joke."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After having consistent problems with shops who say that they have done the work, only to find that my diff has not been serviced, I do my own work now.  It's not difficult on my vehicle, and I know it's being done right.  I've read up on different lubricants, and Royal Purple gets consistently high marks.I did a service recently and when I drained my diff after 15,000 miles, the Royal Purple looked like it did going in.  No breakdown, despite some pretty good use."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used the trial version of this wax when I bought the Mothers Powerball, and it was awesome. When I ran out, I bought the Mothers Carnauba Wax, which was fine, but I didn't get the high gloss shine that I wanted. I bought the SynWax and I will never go back to any other type of wax. The finish on my car is already pretty good with very little swirls, and this makes my finish look almost flawless. It applies very easily and comes up very easily and there is never any leftover residue. I would recommend this wax to anyone that details their own car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great product, love using this....but why the huge price increase?? almost doubled?I use this product on my side windows as well, works as good as Rainex. It really make water bead really good.I really recommend this product when it was going for $5.99....currently double?? I can get it cheaper at the local stores.My last 2 orders for this product either arrived damaged (leaked all over the place) or undeliverable because it was damaged. Still waiting more than a few months for Amazon.com to address this. 2007 2008 2009 2010 i spent more than $4000 buying stuff on Amazon.com  2011....have yet to spend a penny at Amazon.com. All cuz Amazon did not want to address a $12 purchase."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this stuff is great. It cuts through brake dust that soap wont even touch.however you cant really just leave it on for 30 seconds and spray it off. if the cleaner sits on one area too long, it begins to dry, and leaves behind residue. I find its best to use a couple sprays of this on a sponge with a liberal dose of water. Rinse quickly, do multiple scrub downs if needed. You only need a spritz, so its not like you have to worry about wasting product.Use it right and you'll love it. a bottle lasts me at least 6 months of almost weekly washing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this to clean an expensive set of whitewall tires before selling a classic car at auction and it was a big mistake! I bought this because I wanted to use something safe to clean the whitewalls. It did OK on the white area, as in it didn't ruin it. The black part of the tires ended up discolored with streaks. It looked horrible! The tires looked better before I used it!409 and Simple Green do a better of cleaning than this product.I will never trust this brand for any product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been looking for a good tire cleaner since Meguiars discontinued making an aerosol tire cleaner. I gave this a try and I love it. I still use a brush to really work it in and it gets all the old tire shine off and you get a really nice all natural rubber finish. It also did a great job with the rims. Again I always use a brush to get into the nooks and crannies.Overall I love it, will buy more, but like others have said it doesn't go far. I have about 1/3 left after doing two cars. They really need to make a bulk jug so I can just refill the applicator bottle. Since I scrub the tires anyway I may adjust the amount I use. I went pretty heavy since it was the first time using it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff works - is all I can say about it. I bought some used rims that had brake dust literally caked onto the wheels. I really didn't think this stuff was going to work, but it did! Note, I did use a brush for physical agitation after spraying the wheels with this. I don't think this is the kind of thing you can spray, let sit and just rinse away the brake dust if it's pretty severe. For light circumstances, I think that would work fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After using many different wheel cleaners I can very confidently say this is the best on the market. NO acid in this so it's completely safe for your wheels. Does a great job cleaning. I drive a Porsche Boxster S and keeping it clean is my first priority.I suggest cleaning your wheels once a week since the brake dust that gets on your wheels is acidic and will corrode your wheels over time. I was recommended to try this on a Porsche owners site and I think these people have a very good idea on what it takes to keep a car looking nice.Cheers"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are searching for a good, high-quality wheel cleaner, look no further! Not only is it pH balanced to ensure that you don't damage the finish of various wheels you may clean, its cleaning power is second to none. If you have a vehicle that generates a lot of brake dust (BMW, namely, but other vehicles that have fade-resistant brakes), you can spray P21S on the wheel wipe around with the provided sponge let sit for a few minutes and spray off and they'll look good as new. I occasionally (~50k miles) take off the wheels and clean the caked on stuff on the inside of the rim, too. It takes a bit more scrubbing but cleans it to make it look new every time. If you can't get this stuff to take whatever you have on your wheel, you will likely need to refinish the wheel - this stuff is the very best!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "... there are other tools that work just as good, if not better, for half or even less then the price of this.Plain and simple this is a great roller, the rubber head doesn't cut or tear into the foil backing of the sound deadening mat and really helps you put good even pressure to hard to reach areas. That and it saves wear and tear on your hands.But like I said there are cheaper alternatives like a super cheap wallpaper seam roller (you can find some with a rubber or wooden roller) or my personal favoritea \"J\" roller. With the J roller you can use the roller or even the curved handle to apply pressure to the sound deadening mat. You can even use old roller skate/blade wheels.So to recap:Great toolSaves your hands from a ton of wear and tearWorks greatBUT other tools/items can be had that do the same thing for much less."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This works fairly well for making sure that the Dynamat is securely pressed against the surface, with no little air gaps that reduce its effectiveness.  The rubber roller creates enough friction with the surface to stretch it into place, which is essential for working out the little gaps and air bubbles that reduce the effectiveness of the Dynamet.The handle is plain wood, and I think a soft rubber grip would be better.  It isn't very comfortable to hold.I think it is a bit overpriced, but much more usable than the economy version.  If you are trying to decide between the two, get this one.  The cheaper version just doesn't work well and you'll probably end up coming back to buy the better one (as I did)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These jack stands are pretty well made.  And very light.  They do the job and offer adequate height adjustment.  Only criticism is that the base is fairly small for its size and could get a little wobbly if the jack is extended to its maximum height.  I haven't had a problem yet, so this concern may be unwarranted.  I use these stands with hockey pucks for protection of my car's frame.  They fit nicely on top of the supports.  I would buy these again for sure."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For those that are still using the old pencil/plunger type of gauge, I would suggest to change to this digital gauge. Not only you get very accurate readings to 1/2 lb psi, but the ease of use is just amazing. You push with the very ergonomic design on the tire valve and the air-tight seal is easily maintained to get a reading. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because it doesn't have a protrusion to bleed air if you over inflate the tires. No big deal, I just use a pointed tool such as a philips screw driver to bleed air."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've had one of these since 1999.  And 10 years later it is still working like a charm.  It has been in my car's glove box since I got it.I agree with others that the tip sometimes does not make a good seal.  Then again, which tire pressure gauge makes a perfect seal everytime?  Learn to use the gauge properly and you'll make a good seal easily each time.  Not perfect, but good.Today, I see that AMAZON.COM is selling this for less than $10 so I am picking up an extra one just to have it handy (this one will sit next to my air compressor tank at home).EXCELLENT item.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My old Accutire pressure gauge finally died on me after about 6 years.  I was so happy with it I decided to go with another Accutire gauge.  This one has a nice backlit LCD which you can read in the dark (the old one didn't) and has an improved design.  The contour of the unit is such that you can press your thumb on the back to put pressure on the valve seat.  This allows for an even, secure seal when checking pressure.  I notice that I lose much less air when I check with this gauge than I did my older one.The unit measures in 1/2lb increments and seems to be accurate so far.  Can't be beat for the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I like the ergonomics and bright display of this tire gauge but I can't comment on its accuracy (as I don't have a standard with which to test it) or its longevity as I've only owned it for about a month.  It seems to do a very good job of not letting out excessive amounts of air when connecting or disconnecting to/from a valve stem.  I have used Accutire products in the past and never had any issues so I'm hoping this one holds true to form.  BTW- I bought this to replace a Slime tire gauge which was absolute junk; I'll never buy another product from Slime."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this tire gauge becuase I wanted a digital display gauge that provides1 psi resolution. While the Accutire MS-4021B generally does the job, there are twoannoying features that should be changed :1. Batteries cannot be replaced by the user2. On some valve stems, the Accutire MS-4021B does not make a seal to get an accurate readingRef. #1 : you have to send the gage in to the manufacturer who will replace the batteries free of charge. However, their turnaround time is more than two weeks, and I had to call their service department both times I had batteries replaced to get a replacement tire gauge.Furthermore, the batteries do not last more than a year or so, but I use tha gauge on a weekly basis for all my vehiclesRef. #2 : this appears to be due to the chuck design, i.e. the contact pin does notprotrude far enough to allow a positive seal on some valve stemsI am still searching for a digital tire gauge that allows the user to replace the batteries"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Well, it works. Look, I expect a product to be user friendly...this one is awkward to put on the valve and then read. It does not always give you a good readout the first try. I will have to check the valve two or three times to get a proper read. By time you do four tires your knees are shot. The digital read out is not very bright either. All and all I am looking for a better gauge. Lots of folks liked it though, that is way I tryed it, so its up to you.Of course, if your are young enough, and have good eyes and knees this is probably just right for you. Good luck."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "At only $7.99, and based upon primarily positive reviews, I ordered one of these.  Arrived in sealed package, and I have tested on a couple of tires.  It works great!!!!  The ones I used for years were digital, (monkey grip brand) and the display \"lit up\", but not nearly as bright or noticable as this display - which illmuninates in bright red numbers.... very easy to see / read in low light.  Additioanlly, very comfortable to hold in your hand.  I had no problems getting it to seal over tire stem. (mine did not have a protective cover with sample numbers over display.)  I am satisfied, and ordered two more today to put inside a couple of towing vehicles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I, like other reviewer, was unable to get a wide enough positioning for the lasers to reach the center dash of both cars. I had to dremel out the surrounds of one of the lasers to get it to go to the right position for my garage ceiling height. Other than that it works fine and is a moderate improvement over the tennis ball method.*Update*After installing this device for a months, we have noticed both lasers are getting pretty dim. A few times I have completely missed seeing them on my dashboard and pulled the car too far. Luckily I use a brick as a safety stop under the tire or else I would have nicked the wall. Short product life."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very good product.  Now my wife can pull into the garage without backing up and maneuvering her car to get it right.  Easy to install.  As a point of reference for her, I put a small &#34;cupboard door&#34; disc on the dash.  When we pull the car in all she needs to do is get the light to be within an inch of the &#34;cupboard door&#34; disc on the dash 360 degrees and the car is parked perfect.  Our garage is a 3 car one, but with my car, motor cycle, large mower, tools, tool chest, garbage cans, lawn equipment, wall cabinets,  etc....we need to make sure we manage the space.  And now we have more space."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have one of theses I got at a local store.  Used it on my Trailmanor Travel Trailer.  It fit nice and sung.  I later found out that the key is universal and fits all the same coupler locks.  Not to safe there.  Got a new TT and it has a 4 1/4in lip.  This would not fit on it.  It measures about 4in from lock end to lock end so your hitch must be 4in or smaller.  Overall, it's a nice cheap lock but won't stop someone who really wants to get it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this to seal paint on an old corvette painted 16 years ago that was still in good shape. I polished the finish first and used this as final step to seal/protect finish. I used an electric polishing wheel to apply this and removed after about 15 minutes or so as recommended with a microfiber cloth by hand. I think I have used just about every wax and polish ever made and am happy with the glossy shine this sealer leaves. also when removing this it doesnt leave any dust or powder residue like most waxes do. I cant attest to how long shine lasts yet since I just applied this product today."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm a professional detailer.This sealant is one of the best out there, if you're paint is prepped properly. I use my 3\" Griot's garage buffer to apply this stuff on the lowest buffer speed with a 3M Perfect-It waffle pad. Meguiar's has been in the detailing business for a long time and I use all of their Mirror Glaze/Professional products. Some other brands are more expensive for less amount of product and produce the same results. This price is great for the amount you get, buy this and you'll be happy. See the images I uploaded."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I received a sample size a while ago, used it on my family's vehicles and not only did it made my cars look great, it protected from the harsh salt and salt brines the city uses to treat the roads in the winter months.Has a nice scent to it as well, so it makes application a breeze....wipes off fairly easy once dried...just make sure to apply super thin....I used my DA polisher.I was sooo pleased with this sample I ordered a 64oz bottle from amazon....but unfortunately, the bottle arrived with a crack on the bottom and the contents leaked out :(This bottle was ordered from Amazon Warehouse deals...it appears they don't pack fragile items very well.Great sealant but poor packaging from Amazon."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I tried Chevron Techron as people recommended here: meaning filled up it twice and also filled out my engine with Tufoil Engine Treatment and my mpg didn't improve at all.I drive 09 Accord EX-L V6 and constantly getting around 20mpg on 91/93 octane fuel driving from Brooklyn to Long Island on Belt  & Cross Island Parkways. Mileage is horrible because there is never a steady speed and often traffics, but even when there is no traffic - still horrible 20mpg. I do write this review after 3 full tanks that were filled after 2 Chevron Techrons."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Once again, I failed to check Amazon before purchasing this...it was over $20 at Advanced Auto. It is $11 n here as I write this.I have a 2012 FJ Cruiser and it was running a little roughish...and I am super sensitive to any changes in my vehicle. I've put 30k miles on in one year...so it isn't really new anymore. One bottle of this has cleared up whatever was ailing my truck. The dealer couldn't find any issues. I think it was dirty fuel or injectors...this works."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it has BENZINE in it,  (and white gas as  filler)  benzine is the most powerful solvent that you can use in any injector.  A Hard fact.sure it will clean anything just about.  but do not breath it , it is a known, carcinogen.be happy it's not illegal.the cleaners that are just pale oil, are useless, and only help to poison the 02 sensors.read the MSDS, and be aware of what you bought.do not put oil in the fuel tank,  why do that. ?"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2012 BWM f650gs 800cc twin motorcycle.  These Rotax engines make a very annoying fuel injector tick - TICK,TICK,TICK ... sounds like something is horribly wrong.  But, it is normal.  So, I have found that adding a tablespoon of ashless, smokeless 2-stroke oil each tankful, along with about a cup of Techron - that annoying tick is almost gone.  I run this bike hard and it runs great with this formula.  I also use ASL CamGuard in the oil (5% mixture - also on Amazon)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great product. I use it once per year to clean my fuel system on a 1990 Camry. Still have the original fuel injectors. Do NOT use too much. Follow the directions on the bottle. If you use too much, it will deteriorate plastic and rubber parts in the fuel line. It will also make your car run rough. When I first used this years ago, i made that mistake and called Chevron. The technician at Chevron stated emphatically that you should NOT use more than is recommended on the bottle. In this case,. more is NOT better. When used as directed, it will keep your fuel system clean and your car running great. You can reach Chevron Technical support at 1.800.582.3835"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are plenty of spray waxes on the market.  I've used Mothers, Meguiars,  TW, Duragloss, and quite a few others.  There is nothing that comes close to the durability of Optimum.  It actually outlasts regular paste waxes.Pros:-Awesome durability for a spray wax-Real wax looks, great depth and warm glow-Super easy to use-Smells great-A little goes a LONG way, use sparinglyCons:-streaks when used on a hot car, though this really isn't a con, its more of a DUH.-streaks if you use too much, again, is that really a con?This is a huge value, while it appears it is more expensive than a regular spray wax, it goes twice as far easily, and I bet most people are used to using way more, and thus get streaking.  I'd estimate I get twenty, yes 2-0 cars per bottle.  Great stuff, my favorite spray wax for dark colors."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love these in both sizes.  The small one fits saucers or bowls.  The larger one fits 9 inch paper plates.  So I got the for the travel trailer, liked them so much got 3 more for the house.  Installed under my kitchen cabinets.  Spray painted them, with Rustoleum for plastic.  They blend right in.  So convenient,kids of 8ish age can reach them, saves on washing dishes, and Amazon has some great buys on paper products when buy in bulk!  What more could you ask?I saw some comments on how easily they move and plates might fall...so I took a piece of tape, taped a small bit to itself for a handle, and taped it so it can't move til I want it to. Not because it did move, because others said it does.  Might not need that tape..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I wanted good quality and these were the highest priced covers listed on Amazon. They said \"only 4 sets left...order soon\". I ordered the correct size and part number. The correct size and part # was on the receipt/invoice when they arrived (19 days later), but they sent covers for a 13\" wheel (I needed 28\"). When I contacted Amazon, they said my size was no longer available so they sent these. Are you kidding me??? 13\" covers for 28\" wheels!! Who made this decision...a monkey?So I sent it back for a refund. I couldn't tell if the covers were good quality, cause I never opened the box. What a major let down after waiting almost 3 weeks. I went to a local camper store and got a set there the next day. Sometimes, saving a few bucks just ain't worth it!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have ordered two of these chargers for maintaining my batteries on my ATV and Riding Mower in the winter months last year and they have done great. I have three more on order right now for more coverage on new Tractor, another ATV and anotherriding mower as well. I also have two maintaining chargers mounted on my boat that are Schumacher brands that have never failed me in the last three years of storing my boat.I also have one Schumacher  Quick Charger for jumping and starting dead batteries. I have never been disappointed with any of the Schumacher chargers at all. My late Father used to use only this brand, and that is why I continue using the Schumacher brand!How can you go wrong with Quality products!!All of my chargers have been ordered from Amazon.com where most of everything I oder comes from. Great service and products all around."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There is absolutely nothing to set on this charger. You connect it and you wait for it to charge a battery.  It is one of the few that I have seen that will automatically detect 6 and 12 volt batteries and I have about a dozen different kinds of chargers.  It also detects reverse polarity and the little lights are easy to see and interpret.  The clips it comes with are better than the usual kind being shaped for more effective gripping of terminals and larger.The product literature claims it has tempreature compensation and desulphation, but I have not verified either by actual tests."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use it for my Motor scooter, it has a very small 12 volt battery. The small rings in the box fit perfectly (I left them mounted to the battery in the scoot). The quick disconnect is a really nice feature. I ran the battery down once (left the black cable off after maintenance and forgot to connect the schumacher, my bad...). The small scooter batteries are notorious for not holding a charge. When I reattached the cable, I reattached the unit and it recharged it in a few hours. It then kept it charged till the spring. I'm very happy with this unit."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Schumacher SEM-1562A 1.5 Amp Speed Charge MaintainerWell worth the price...does exactly what it is suppose to do.(Update) After using this charger less than 5 mos. to maintain my R.V., which is seldom driven, I have found that, because of the charger failing to cycle back to the charge mode properly, the battery that it was hooked to was stone dead. Now, I'll do some research to find out the annoying process of returning the charger for warranty.(Update) I have contacted the manufacturer, Schumacher, concerning the failure of this charger but after 3 weeks, have received no response and it doesn't look like I am going to. So, I guess I'll just take the loss of making a bad choice and trash it. BTW, I am using two Chicago Electric on Board chargers, one on my Jeep and the other on my Mercury Sable. Both are giving very good service and are less expensive than the Schumacher or the Battery Tender."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had it for a week, does what it says it does, but make absolutely sure the clips don't touch anything when it's attached. Positive alligator clip got close to inner hood liner and burned. Flamed up. Burnt the red plastic boot off and if i didn't blow the liner out (I freaked!), my vehicle would have gone poof! Pilot error? Bad design? Who knows.Edit: Just called Schumacher and they're replacing it, no problem. Upping my rating from a ** to ***. Thanks Schumacher."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So far this battery charger is working very well have the unit about 6 months for a battery for a riding mower. I have been buying a battery every year so I thought I would try one of these units to see if it would make the battery last longer. I always took the battery out of the mower in the winter and placed it in the basement and had to charge it in the spring, but it's seamed that the battery would not last all year or the season anyway. I will find out this spring if it does work."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've bought two of these through Amazon and I may buy another.  I use them on my lawn tractor and standby generator battery for winter maintenance, and on one of our cars that doesn't get driven very often.  At the price, they are cheaper than some of the smaller encapsulated trickle chargers.  They have worked great for me on batteries from lead-acid automotive types to gel cells.  If you're looking for a battery maintainer with a little more power to charge, this is the one.  Remember, today's vehicles with clocks, navigation systems, and other electronics may draw more than a small trickle charger can provide.  This charger at 1.5A can provide enough power to compensate for electronics that draw extra power even while off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to charge the battery on my 99 Lexus GS400.  The battery has gone dead a couple times and I was ready to buy a replacement but thought I would get this and try it.  Its a battery re-born!  Works like new now... this lil baby does a great job of slow charging and also tells you the battery percentage.  Its made well, very compact and is asthetically pleasing to the eye.  I also love that it has storage in the back to put the cables/clips for storage.If you need a battery charger...this is THE one to get!Buy with confidence!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very light and easy to store. Fan noise is very noticable but it stays in the garage so who cares.  I love the LED readout for % charged and volts when plugged in and attached to battery.  Very pleased the the charger but for those of you who like the feel of a heavy metal constructed unit that can take a beating this is not your cup of tea.  All plastic and the buttons seem equally flimsey but so far they work well. Time and use will tell how long they will hold up."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It was quiet and smooth for about 2 months in rainy Seattle. It's not particularly great. It's squeaking now. The plastic &#34;booty&#34; that covers the arms I guess supposed to work to prevent snow from clogging the wiper but did it help? Meh....hard to say. The ends of the wipers have some RED plastic caps on them and it's very distracting to see something RED swooshing in front of my face in the rain. Why couldn't they use black caps?I'm going to look for a triple bladed wiper blade which worked better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "While there are many new blade style wiper blades on the market, the  pressure distribution of original style steel frame blade can't be beat for a clean wipe.  The Anco Winter blade is a steel frame blade with a rubber cover over the frame to keep ice from rendering it useless.  They have been making this blade for more than 40 years and they are still the best in the winter.  The new blade style is okay but pressure distribution is not as good.  The ends tend to raise off the glass when the windshield curve get tighter like at the edges. Plus these cost less.  Who wants to spend $18 dollars for a blade you have to replace in a year?"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The product I just received from Amazon today is the more basic/generic ANCO wiper blade (31-series; same as available locally at walmart for less $). Don't buy this product expecting an AeroVantage blade, which is a premium model; you likely won't get it. I should have verified the ANCO part number before purchase. The cheap wiper blade is model 31-28, whereas an AeroVantage blade is 91-28. The listing title needs to be fixed.That said, I've used these cheaper ones in the past, and they're decent. Haven't had problems with them, and they've been at least as good as any other cheap wiper blade.Another odd note: I ordered several of these, and each came in its own shipping box. I don't know why they couldn't have been packed together, but they weren't."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "the 31 series and anco in general always work great for me. No squeaks, streaks, easy install and last a long time..I tried other brands and was let down.UPDATE- 11/13 this blade no longer works for an 05 acura TSX. its the correct length at 26 inches but it does not work. I have an 05 TSX and tried this blade today and the way the tip of blade is, it hits the wiper arm in a way that does not allow the wiper to lay fully flat on the windshield and top tip of blade is about an inch off the windshield.. I used this brand before but they changed the design at some point. It will not work, trust me. I ended up using a brand called rain eater and it works perfectly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Was lost as to how to get, replace wiper blades at 26 inches on my Fleetwood Flair, (1996) motor home. Went to RV FORUM and there was the answer, purchase a set of  Anco 48-17 9.5mm Straight End Adapter and then pickup wiper blades as these and,,,, oh boy,,, remove old screws (2 per arm), might be tight so I used pointed vise grips to remove. Install new adapters and new wipers for the price of one RV wiper blade or less. I also used plastic tie to hold blade to adapter. THEY WORK GREAT,,,, thanks all for the help,,, STEAMING ON DOWN THE ROAD,,,"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used for 1 day and and it destroyed itself with a pine needle.  Now I get streaks where the pine needle, or any other item I assume, has been dragged. So unless you are meticulous and clean your blades before you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immediately anytime any item may fall onto your window, do not buy these.  Unless you do not mind streaks.  The damage is permanent, not only when the item is still on the window."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Like all Bosch automotive products, this wiper blade is well designed and does its job extraordinarily well. It uses the standard hook attachment method for wiper arms, and fits snugly (installed on my '00 Accord). When researching wiper blades, I found that the newer \"mono\" style of wiper blade do not quite compare to this standard design, as the newer, more bulkier Rain-X style tend to catch the wind and thus skip spaces on the windshield. I found mine on sale at a local Autozone for $13."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is very good wax to quickly wax and shine your car. Application is easy with the included applicator, done by hand, allow it to dry to a pale haze, then wipe it off using a quality towel, finish it up using a microfiber cloth to get that super wet shine. I used on top of a car that I had sealed with Jetseal 109 from Chemical Guys which had already provided the car a great look, this wax on top provides that ultra lustrous show room new look. Great product. Picked up in the local Wal store for about the same price though.."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Meguiar's Deep Crystal line is meant as an inexpensive alternative to the more expensive Meguiar's product lines.  This liquid wax works very well, and contains Carnauba, but is not their best product.This product is Step 3 in the Deep Crystal line, and would be used after Step 1 (Wash) and Step 2 (Polish).  The product is applied by hand or dual action polisher then wiped off after it dries.  Very simple and effective.The \"look\" of this product is highly subjective, but it does not have the clarity or longevity of other Meguiar's waxes.  It should also be noted that this product has been discontinued, so don't get too addicted to it!  If you want a great carnauba wax from Meguiar's, look into Gold Class Carnauba Plus."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using Mequiar's Quik Detailer for years and it is still the best product I've found.  I've tried other brands including new ones to the market place, and this is still the leader.  One thing I really like about it is if I miss a spot, a quick spray and the surface is consistent in shine and appearance.  Some of the other sprays would be totally dependent on how much product you used, so I would have to go back and keep blending until the difference wasn't noticeable."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just bought this product after washing my new car for the first time.  I didn't take the time to dry it because I normally don't have issues with water spots but at my apartment my water is awful I guess.  Needless to say my car was destroyed with them.  Huge white nasty spots everywhere.  So I did some research and found this got good reviews so I gave it a shot and WOW.  It totally works on bad waterspots and brought them right out of the finish.  I was very impressed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one of my favorite Meguiar's products. I use it on the dashboards and external plastic and vinyl trim. Just give the bottle a good shake, spray on a little and wipe the surface to a brilliant, clean shine. Even after washing the car, when I use the Meruiar's Natural Shine the cleaning power of the product is evident by looking at the blackened cloth used to apply it.Here's a product that works so well, that it's a pleasure to use. I highly recommend Meguiar's Natural Shine Vinyl & Rubber Protectant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had already used the clay bars on my Corvette to clean the painted surface then I had applied a liquid polish my Mothers and the car looked very decent. I then applied the Meguiars Gold Class wax and the results were excellent. There is a pad in the container when made application easy and I just let it dry and then took a soft cloth and removed the wax coating. The result if a very nice looking surface. I will be putting a couple of more coats on the car before I take it to the next show. I ddi this by hand and perhaps all of this would have been easier if I had an electric polisher. I am now looking for that machine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased Meguiar's Gold Class Carnauba Plus Wax to use on an old Corvette I purchased. The car's finish was in pretty good shape despite being 22 years old. Since the paint was original, I didn't want anything to harsh, and I wanted to do it by hand. Much to my surprise, Meguiar's Gold Class Carnauba Plus Wax made the car look almost like new. The paint color is black, and it shines like a mirror. When my neighbor saw my car, he asked if I had it repainted. Besides looking great, the wax was also easy to get on and off. I really can't think of anything negative to say about it other than it costs more than most waxes. But in this case, you definitely get what you pay for. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yeah I'm a freak when it comes to my cars finish, I've used it all and don't get me wrong many great brands out there. This has to be considered with some of the best shy of the stupid expensive stuff which I just can't justify. This will shine like a Mother.....ops that's another brand...lol. Seriously lay one coat down and you'll be happy, then do a super light coat over that coat and wipe off with a light mist of water and prepare to be amazed !"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This was extremely easy to use.  I would do one side of the car and do the next while waiting for it to dry.  Then buff with a microfiber towel and you're good to go.  Came with an applicator, but I used my own pads.  I will keep that one with the tin if I'm ever in a pinch.  It left a great shine on the car that even still exists 2 weeks later after a trip across 2 states during some rain storms.  The only blemishes are the bugs I hit along the way.  Also, I have to park my car outside in the elements.  excellent wax!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used this weeks upon weeks for cleaning my car, as well as my family members' cars.This soap produces nice soapy bubbles, and you don't need all that much for a full bucket of water. It's a good price as well, for the amount of soap you use per bucket (2-4 quarter sized drops).You're welcome to ask any detailer (I personally have) and they say that they even sometimes use this when their professional soap isn't available!It's not magic by any means, but it won't strip your paint of protectant or wax like dish soap (Dawn, etc) can.I'd highly recommend this to others, and would buy it again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a nice luxurious shampoo/conditioner.  I think it's been around a long time; I seem to remember using it many years ago, and they've stick with the same main product for their leading car washing product.  Along with the mitt, this washed the car very quickly, and then with the water magnet towel, dried it very fast, too.  It also smells really nice, like a natural product, not chemical-like.With this and the mitt (and a water hose), you can wash your car very fast.  I used their spray wax product afterwards and this added some shine; but this added a lot of time.  The washing/drying part was surprisingly fast using their products, so, highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So I pour in a good amount and mix it with water. In the bucket there is a lot of suds, but then when I apply it to the car, the suds don't carry over.To me, soap is just soap, however this soap has a nice smell to it.It doesn't remove dirt or debris any better than the next soap, however I used to use Rain X with Carnauba wax, and that was a great car wash soap. It left my car shiny after washing and this -- I have to wax it after. I bought this at Costco for like 12 dollars, and it lasted me quite a while. I wouldn't go back to this as it doesn't wax my car. Also -- it dries fairly quickly for some reason and leaves a soap residue."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Great auto wash.  Very sudsy and does a great job with a microfiber wash mitt to clean away the dirt and grime from my car.  Looking forward to trying this with a Foammaster II and see just how good it foams up but im expecting it to work very well.  Smells pretty good too!For the price of this 64 oz container, theres no reason to NOT buy it and use some cheaper car wash or a laundry detergent.  Do your car right and buy this stuff you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I normally use Optimum car wash, but thought I'd try this as it is half the price. I found it cleaned well but you had to rinse well and towel off as it will leave spots if allowed to dry on its own. I now use this soap if the car is not real dirty, but like the Optimum car wash as I find it lubricates better. It does provide tons of suds and they do last till the job is done.All in all, not bad for an over the counter soap and I would buy again if I got caught short."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff is good for cleaning and leaving a nice long lasting shine especially on dark vehicles ex: black, dark grey, red etc. Some reviews are correct is saying it doesn't hold suds, but you must understand that this product contains conditioners which will do that. Its best to use a bottle attached sprayer \"on hose\" with solution in it. This will make suds, suds, but want last as again it has conditioners in it. Product smells like hair shampoo, gold color doesn't make paint change in appearance either, some products after long use stays attached because of wax buildup can make your vehicle appear to look the color of stuff you are using. Good stuff, way better than Mothers. If it doesn't clean like you need then go get a bottle of blue dawn detergent."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have tried products from Chemical Guys and Surf City and etc. They all look great but don't last.  This product, having driven around in snow, salt, and sand for the past three days, is still holding up.  I am very impressed.  But, it is very glossy.  So if you are not a fan of super shiny tires, after applying the product with a foam applicator, wait 10 minutes and wipe your tires down with a towel.  That should take the edge off the shine.  This stuff also drys pretty well too.  I have used this around the house on all things plastic/rubber/vinyl and in the car and on the trim.  So far so good. I like it it a lot.  This is not a water based product. In any event, I do not know how it compares to other oil/silicon based tire shine products.  There are no shortage of them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is great on tires!!!! It's not runny and sticks well to the tires. For some reason it smells great to? Anyhow, wear some latex gloves and use a sponge like applicator to apply the gel. After a couple uses your tires will have soaked it in to the point that you will only need to use a dirty rag to wipe the dust and grime off the tires and they will actually still have a shine!! I recommend this product....&#34;PS works great on exterior trim as well.&#34;Dec. 16, 2013"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love Meguiar products - especially the quick detailer and tech wax.This product seemed to work really well on newer tires and maintained a nice glossy, black wet look for over a week of local driving.This one let me down a bit on older tires on another car though -- it goes on looking great, but after drying leaves the tires only looking a bit darker black and without any gloss.  Perhaps these older tires are more porous from wear and age, or a different composition that the product didn't respond well to."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had purchased two of these drying towels as I had read that these may not work as well as advertised. WAS I WRONG! The towel easily soaked up all the water that was coming off the car, leaving it spotless. I had a friend help me with the second towel and I was able to dry my car in record time and not have any water marks left on the paint. I just slid the towel over any parts with water and it left no trace of water and a clean shine to my car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After drying my black car a few times with this towel, it performs no better than any other towel I've ever used. Sure, it holds a lot of water but that is part of the problem. It doesn't easily wring out so after just a few swipes it is completely saturated with water. Anything that I dry with it after it becomes wet leaves huge water streak marks behind unless I follow up with another dry towel. My best results have been a traditional chamois that is easy to wring and doesn't leave streaks behind after the first pass."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This towel is very nice.  The waffle pattern makes picking up water easy.  I use thePilot Automotive CC-2010 11\" Soft and Dry Water Bladeto wipe away all the big beads of water, then clean up and detail with this towel.I have found that this towel is soft enough to use to buff small spots that I missed while washing.  So, really, it's more than just a towel, it's can help clean too!  I noticed going over rubber edges around windows, that no lint is pulled off of this towel (like other ones I have used.)  Being lint-free is absolutely necessary when adding the final touch to your car.  With this towel I can finish the job right and I'm debating even getting a second one to use to give the car a final buff after it's completely dry.You'll be amazed like I was when you see how much a towel can make a difference."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yes it is a water magnet;however like another reviewer said, it's so magnetic where it won't let the water go no matter however many times you wring it. Sure drops will come off, but the potency of drying will not be at 100% as if the towel was completely dry. I would recommend a chamois or an absorber, they seems to wring out water alot better as well as soak water up. Just figure out a technique. And victory will be yours. So the case of the drying water magnet, I'll give it a four since it does what it's title says. And a bit easier to use than the chamois. But you get what you pay for."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This towel works great at drying off my car. I've tried several versions of chamois before and it just has never worked for me, I found that this towel it works best if the water is blown off or taken for a quick drive to allow some water to fly off. I typically use it after a drive thru car wash and the towels does a great job of soaking up whatever is left very quickly and without streaking. It can easily do 10 cars this way before it gets too soaked up. Now I've also used it after washing in my driveway and gotten the towel completely soaked. It worked fine too but did not wring out too well. I would say one towel for one car this way. I'll be ordering a second one soon."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I am amazed at how much water these towels will absorb and when I dry my car, it leaves it streak free.  The waffle weave design of this towel holds a remarkable amount of water when I'm drying my car. After washing my car, I squeegee off the excess water and then I used the water magnet towel. I can dry the entire car to perfection and never have to wring out the towel. I only occasionally wash this towel and only with plain laundry detergent that contains no fabric softeners or additives.  I consider this to be my prize drying towel."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this despite the poor reviews, figuring maybe since most of the reviews were older that they may have improved the towel since then.  Nope.  Quite possibly the worst towel I've ever used.  It basically just pushes the water around on my car and soaks up some of it, but doesn't really DRY the car.  It just smears it around until the water evaporates into the air.  My old beach towel worked 100x better.  And I thought Meguiar's was supposed to sell good quality products.  Live and learn, I guess."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just detailed my Corvette and tossed the old cloths I had and purchased some new ones. I opted for the Mequiars and they were excellent. As with most of these type cloth they quickly absorbed whatever it is you are trying too remove whether it is detailing liquid or wax or the grime from a clay bar. I have to use several clean ones on each vehicle I clean however I have been able to wash them and get them back to their almost original condition. The biggest drawback i have is the cost for each cloth. I am shopping for a lower cost substitute. They are still worthy of a four str rating and the one star is deducted due to the high cost."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Okay so I'm sure everyone has their preferences. I haven't tried everyone on the market - but of the ones I have, these are the best. I try not touch my exterior of my car with anything, but if I have to these are the only ones I trust. They are the softest and thickest Microfiber I have ever owned. I use them more regularly for wiping down my interior, windows, and mirrors. They wash well, and there's no left over tag bits or rough parts on the towel. Meguiar always has great products, IMO."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As soon as you finish one panel of your car, you move the towel around to find tons of dry areas waiting to soak up water! This microfiber feels very thick and I can dry half the car without wringing the towel out. I definitely felt the price was a bit steep before purchasing, but they're much better than any OTC microfibers, which can be very thin and require multiple wrings to dry your car.The yellow color of the towel makes it easy to see any pieces of debris in the towel if you are wiping off wax and it dries after a few minutes of being hung. Great investment if you're looking for a car-only towel!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I find these to be perfect for removing wax, their cloth pattern traps all the dried wax and makes it an enjoyable taskThe problem is that it is too expensive in my opinion.Con:They get too dirty too fast, if you happen to go to say the desert I doubt that you will be able to use just one cloth. I'd say this are strictly for detailing and not for dusting.I do use them for dusting when my car nearly has tiny dust particles, but when it is way too dusty I just wash the car.Too expensive.Pro:They go in like new mode once washed. They don't seem to be losing any efficiency, and they are large enough for multiple usesOverall These are great if you can afford 2 sets, they last a long time, and can be used anywhere! The bright yellow color helps avoid losing them or confusing them with other cloths."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have tried several microfiber towels recently, they are all great in comparison to using a standard terry cloth, that being said not all microfiber towels are created equally.  First and foremost always be certain to pull the tags off any towel you use before working on that show car in your garage.  These towels I give a good 4 star rating but not five to due to the fact that while being microfiber they still left some minute residue behind on my cars finish.  They are better than Zwipes, they are much much bigger than Zwipes, but sadly pale in comparison to Cobra microfiber towels.  I feel the cost versus value regarding this item isn't very good, you only get 3 towels for nearly $9.00 so for me this is a once and once only purchase."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Love these microfiber cloths, use it on stainless steel appliances and it leaves no streaks.Use it to clean glass and windows and no streaks.Use it also to clean and dry my car, it absorbs water well and it also dries fast.Use it with my favorite leather care lotion, the WhooHoo-CleanLeather Conditioner and Cleaner in One. Luxurious Leather Lotion for Your Designer and Fine Leather Goods. Protect Your Leather Investment. 15 FL OZ. Made in USA!, for my leather designer handbags, shoes, and sofas.I don't have to worry about scratching the leather and it washes well.I bought the pack of 3 and it's just a great value.Will continue using these microfibers."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These WORK! I used them with the Meguiar's wax. One to lift it off, the other to place under my hand while I worked, and then polish after the lift-off. AWESOME tool! You will love these. They are extremely worth it. You do a professional job with these, not some half-baked attempt. And for no more than you spend, and as long as these will last, why not! You won't be taking it for a $150 detailing with these to help make it easier."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is so inferior to Griots that it is not funny. Look, Meguiar's makes great car wax products, this is probably a product they sub out and then add a make up too. It's too thin, to small, just all together beneath the reputation of Meguiar's product line. As a drying cloth not very good at all. As a wax removal cloth just not good enough. Listen if you detail your engine compartment these are just fine. If you are not a car person, these are going to be good enough for you, really. But if you are fussy about your car, wax it , detail it.... these would be the product you want to use for wheels, engines and door jams. I already own them so that is what I will use them for, same a an old house towel would be used. If that is what you are looking for , look no further, these will do. But for drying or wax removal....NOT."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased these microfiber cloths because of all the good reviews, and I needed a couple cloths - very handy to have around. The quality of the cloths are ok, and does a decent job at cleaning.  I am not sure how long these cloths will last after multiple washes as the quality is average.  So far they work just fine, but just think they are some less expensive options for the quality.  I wish someone made some high-end cloths that could work inside my car and on my iPhone."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are thick and well-made, and provide smooth application of wax on your car.  On the down side--because they are so thick, they absorb a lot of wax that just ends up being washed out of the pad after use.  Also, I did soak the pad overnight because it was a little dirty after using it all over my car.  It still hasn't cleaned out all of the dirt and excess wax.  I'll see how it looks after washing it in my washing machine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This genuinely saved my family over $4000.Car: 2003 Audi A6 3.0 Quattro.Mileage: 85,000 miles.Problem: Check engine lights for BOTH variable valve timing actuators sticking.  Condition present 75% of the time, so occasionally they would unstick.I put 1 quart of MMO into the oil.  I expected nothing, but for $10, why not.  Over the next 2000 miles, a miracle.  The check engine light for this problem would come on less and less until it stopped coming on at all.  The MMO cleaned and lubricated the heads (where the VVT actuators reside) enough to restore normal operation.I have never believed in a simple additive like I believe in Marvel Mystery Oil.  It is incredible.Update:Now 2013, the Audi still has not had this problem come back.  Best fix ever."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Pros:Generous supply in 32 oz bottleWorks in fuel or mixed with engine oilSmells pleasant (minty, clean)Keeps cold engine start-ups slick and quickCons:Thin lubricantThins out your oilIt is a solvent, it MIGHT (no facts to support that possibility yet) deteriorateyour gaskets, seals.Claims:Cleans out engine, plugs, valves, and injectorsMY recommended use:8 - 10 oz per oil change(they recommend 20% mmo with engine oil change. That's about a quart)4 - 6 oz per 12 gallon fuel tankAt first use, keep engine idle for 30 mins for complete mixup and soak in.Then you drive for 1 hour, then you can switch engine off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Voodoo? Snake oil? or is it the real deal? I don't know, but I like it!I use in my Tacoma every oil change, swap out a quart with MMO. Now using it for my Honda outboard. And will add it next time for my mower and 4 cycle weed-eater.It doesn't cost anymore than other quality synthetics, so I see no harm no foul in using this for the duration.I did get the best gas mileage ever in my Tacoma after the first time I used it in my oil change. While not scientific, it was convincing enough for me. Not trying to convert anyone else except I bought some for my dad as a reverse handing down of knowledge."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used these for a Lexus LS430 which uses a 16 and 24 inch blade. these fit well and I didnt realize they were same exact blades I bought previously. the last set lasted more than a year and the only negative is in the Hot Florida sun the rubber blades seemed to dry out and get slightly hard and on the way to getting brittle. These dont make any squeaks and clean water away from glass well even under torential Florida rain. I tried another set and they didnt fit this car, dont get the ones without the thin metal frame like these for this vehicle as the mounting area is too wide to fit wiper arms."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought the Rain-X Weatherbeater Wiper Blades for one of my Hyundai Elantras. They weren't the cheapest replacements out there, but they still cost under $10 so I gave them a shot. I had them installed in under 5 minutes. They fit and work perfectly. They clear my windows without streaks, and they are silent too. I give them 4 stars because I have Anco blades installed on my other Elantra, and they cost about 30% less. They also work equally as well. With that said though, I can still recommend the Rain-X Weatherbeater Wiper Blades."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The three year old Bosch wiper was squeaking because it'd turned stiff and wouldn't flip over on the opposite stroke. I replaced it with Rain-X. The wiper streaked along its entire length after installation when I used my windshield washer. I'd hoped that in a heavy rain it would clean up and work well. WRONG! It got worse and my visibility was so poor that I felt that driving was dangerous. Luckily I didn't have far to go before I could change it. I've always liked the Rain-X liquid so felt that I could trust the brand. Maybe I got a bad one but I've never had this happen with other brands. I won't chance buying these again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used Zym&ouml;l Z503 on a newer vehicle that had minor contaminants in the finish.One characteristic that is important to note about Zym&ouml;l is that you need to be a bit more synchronized w/ its application - it dries really fast compared to other cleaner waxes I've used.This cleaner wax requires more effort to buff clean. The extra amount of elbow-grease required resulted in a superior shine.PROS:1. natural formula2. solid reputation3. provides intense 'wet' shine4. cleans off concrete easily (inevitable drip or two on the garage floor)5. smells like tropical paradiseCONS:1. very thin consistencyI'm not sure if the Zym&ouml;l Z503 is the same formula that I've used in years past, that said I'll wait a while to evaluate how long the protective finish lasts."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Cleaner wax is a bit of an over statement even though it will rub out most of today's minor encounters. But what this wax does is restores clear coats luster and smooths and fills small surface scratches like nothing else. Oh and it smells good enough to eat and in fact I'll bet with it's all natural oils you likely could ....but don't! If you like to double wax your car for the ultimate gloss then wipe the light 2nd coat off after a light mist from a water spray bottle and wait to be amazed. Side note prior to this I used Harley's 100% carnuba wax and it's a great product was well but the light cleaning action with today's softer clear coats makes this German wax flat out the best !"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This does not only protect, but cleans stains, road film etc. off the paint and bring its to nice clean shine. My cars have ranged from light colours (white and silver) to darker colours (red and blue) and this works perfectly to clean and protect. Sometimes, depending on how dirty the paint was,  2 applications would be done to restore the finish. Safe on clear coats and glass this is perfect. Also, one heavy shower does not remove the wax. Give it a try."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "got a similar item on amazon for about the same price - wasn't sure which would be better, and for the price it was worth getting 2 different ones to find out.seems to be very good quality - made in USA, heavy plastic, very dense wires for the post cleaning side, brass brush (not steel as pictured). as others mentioned, you have to be careful only turn the post tool clockwise since the wires are angled.the other item is much lighter plastic, steel brush (if little bits break off, and they will, they'll rust and so will where ever they got stuck into), not so dense wires on the post cleaning side. was not advertised as made in USA, but it's funny - its packaging says made in USA on the front, and then made in China on the back.both items will do the job, but this Lisle is definitely the much better quality at the same price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Ordered many brushes. Some of my brush will remain dry to dust off the brake parts, another brush to dust off electric fan grills and A/C window units near the filter. Another to quick clean my chain saw of sawdust before I open the oil tank cover and inside the safety guard filled with sawdust. Have one in the kitchen to wash with water the many parts of the machine we use for cooking. That will stay in the kitchen to avoid contamination. And cost effective enough to have some for spare since it takes a few days to receive it from the mail."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The brush is made of a VERY hard plastic. It is intended to clean very hard areas, do not even think about cleaning something sensitive, this is for heavy use only.The Handle is a very cheap - but hard - plastic. One can easily notice the part where they got together, although I thought and wanted it to be wood, that'd be perfect.Bought to clean the studs on the wheel but not sure it it'll scratch them, probably not since it's just plastic. Looks like it will last forever!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought a new weight distribution hitch that came equipped with a 2&#34; ball ... I needed a 2-5/16&#34; ball for my larger travel trailer but wanted one with the larger big beefy 1-1/4&#34; shank ... my WD hitch had a hole for that size and NO WAY would I go buy a 2-5/16&#34; ball with a smaller diameter shank and use a spacer in it!I want to best thickest built ball and shank and I could not find a ball this size with this larger shank here locally.Price was great and I love having a big bad boy ball and shank to pull the 5-6K load of my trailer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First of all of the 3 car wash and waxes Meguiars has, this is the cheapest one, and as you should expect it does the least good to the car. Second I tried an older version of this product but am rating this The two others made by Meguiars, gold class car wash shampoo and conditioner as well as ultimate wash and wax do noticbly better than this but are also more expensive, however turtle wax wash and wax does it just as good with little or not water spots. Others cost more but will be worth it, I mean how often do you wash your car? for most people not very often, at the most 3-4 times a year, so you might as well use a nice product, not a cheap one like htis"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a solid, versatile lock that will fit Class II, Class III and Class IV hitch receivers.  Mine came with two hardened-steel chrome plated pins (not a sleeve as was illustrated when I bought it).  The smaller pin works with Class II and Class III hitch receivers.  The larger pin works with Class IV.  I use this lock to secure my bike rack and it's tough enough that I wouldn't want to lose my keys.  The keyhole is protected by a weather-resistant rubber cover, yet rotates for easy accessibility.  This is a rugged, versatile hitch lock offered at a good price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used these safety cables as a backup for the winch strap on the bow of our two personal watercraft. They are so easy to use I'm going to order more and use them to replace the safety chains on my trailers. This will save me a little time when hooking up the trailers because they simply snap onto the truck instead of having to thread the chain through and tighten up the chain link. Also they self retract so won't need to be wrapped around the trailer so they won't drag on the ground like chains.The materials and construction are good in my opinion. The price is quite reasonable too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to clean the brake dust that accumulates quickly on my wheels and takes forever to clean the old fashioned way with a spray cleaner and towels. I have BBS style wheels with about 16 splines and a ton of small hard to reach crevices. They take me about 45 minutes to clean by hand. With this wand cleaner, I can do them in about 10-15 minutes. It is very soft and well covered so the hard plastic rod doesn't poke through and scratch the wheel. I keep a towel handy to wipe the brake dust off the wand after each wheel since it builds up quickly. With a little care, I got it into all the small hard-to-reach crevices and cleaned them. I am very pleased with the product and it saves me a ton of time. The wheels still need a full cleaning once in awhile, but this does the trick most of the time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The California Car Duster is the best quick duster I have ever come across. This thing lasts years. Dare I say, its dusting abilities have gotten even better over time. Mine is like 5 years old and I have used it on numerous vehicles, and it works great for removing dry dust and powdery films on cars without leaving any streaking behind. It takes less than a minute to do the entire car (even the windows) and it really does make a big difference, especially if your car gets covered in pollen. This duster will most likely become a vital part of your car care routine because it can be used regardless of what you do to wash/polish/wax; you just use this for a quick clean up.  I actually bought the combo exterior duster and interior duster.HINTS: Only use this when dry, getting this wet will streak the wipes. Also keep the brush in the supplied case because the brush itself will get dusty if left exposed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The California Car Duster offers a simple solution to a big problem.  Your car can never be clean enough, but it is important to note that the Duster works well on dust and not dirt and I am pleased to say that it does a fairly good job of removing dust and related particles from the surface of your vehicle.As mentioned, after thoroughly washing your vehicle, the Duster can help maintain that showroom finish that we all desire.  I have owned about three of these dusters over the course of the last two decades and they are well-made.  I just recently purchased my third duster after having used my last for about the last decade.  The light coat of wax appears to last for years to come as long as you keep the Duster in its included case after use and do not expose it to elements such as sun and water."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It gets so dusty out here in Massachusetts and my 2012 BLACK Jeep Grand Cherokee picks up sooo much dust!I hate spending hours washing and waxing my beautiful SUV only to come out the next day and find a thin layer of dust on my SUV. I got the California Car Duster as an easy fix to rid the dust and it dusts sooo beautifully! The first time use left a bunch of red dust threads on my Jeep, but after a few uses, it went away.I have it sitting in the cargo area of my Jeep because black is so hard to keep clean!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This fuel pressure tester worked great for me.  I was able to connect it to the test port on my fuel rail and test pressure within literally about 2 min. I didn't have any help, so i was able to lay the gauge down on the windshield and watch the results as I ran several tests from the drivers seat.  Since the gauge has a rubber bumper around it, it stayed in place even when the fuel line pressurized.  I did not have any problems with leaks at the fuel pressure release button.  This tester confirmed I need a new fuel pump. I think it is the perfect balance of price, quality and functionality for the DIY'er."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You get just what you think you'll get with these cheap mats from Rubber Queen.  They are thin and look similar to OEM mats, albeit without a custom shape or buttons to snap into place.  The thinness may mean that they will wear out relatively quickly, but it also makes them unobtrusive.  Thick mats can take some time to adapt to, since my feet are in a different position relative to the gas and brake pedals.In terms of color, the black fits with my generic black flooring well enough to be practically invisible, which is great.  Overall, a good value and I won't feel too bad about throwing them away if they become too messy to clean."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Strong and well made. I recommend this product, and Prime for shipping 2-day. Very handy to have one of these, good truck fit and connection, nice there are two positions for mounting it. Though it states Made in China it seems well made. Expect the paint to come off with use, lube the hook well. The only problem I foresee is grease on the pants if you choose to leave it on, as you can't put a cover over it. Leaving it on the farthest-in position may help."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Amazon doesn't sell this plug for my Subaru.  I'm putting it here as a public service.  I had four of these in my Subaru for 50000 miles.  They worked fine.  Except one had the whole corner of the ground electrode shear off.  I don't know if it's still in the cylinder or not, but the whole corner is cleanly gone. Overall, there's not much wear on the ground electrode.  The spark was grounding almost on the side of the electrode after that part of the electrode sheared off.  Not good.  And I still wonder if I don't need to stick a magnet on a stick down the spark plug hole and try to get that piece back.Anyway, the laser iridium probably solves this as the ground electrode has a platinum disk on it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are good enough for visual rough-leveling of your camper, but they're no precion instrument.  It's tough to install these while holding them level and then sticking them down with the double-sided foam tape on the back side.  Once it's down it's down.  If you stick it on crooked, rip it off and throw it away and start over, or try to twist them level and then put in some screws to hold it there.  The foam tape will allow you to twist them back and forth."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "They are levels for a camper  and in that respect they function well.  The fineness of the level's reading can mean little you don't take care during installation.  Jack it up or do whatever  you need to do to  level your camper.  I use a quality 2' or longer carpentry level  and  I use the inside floor to level from - width and length.  Jack the camper up or drive it up on blocks but get it as close to level as you can.  I install these levels on the rear in the center and right side  near center or forward.  They have sticky back tape on so they will hold in place but being never satisfied with sticky tape I screw them down."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We bought and installed extras of these on our RV, just because the manufacturer never seems to put them in convenient places.  I want to pull into my site, and sit right in my seat at the leveling controls and do everything right there.  I installed extra level bubbles around the driver so all my rough leveling is done, and THEN I can walk around and fine-tune it at the back.My only warning to buyers:  make SURE you have them exactly where you want them before pressing on.  They DON'T move or come back off.  It's actually difficult to set them prefect on the first try because they stick so well.  Use a good carpenter's level to get the RV straight, then hold these steady with both hands and place CAREFULLY.  I'm kinda shaky so I really had to brace my hands on the RV while setting them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I got my rv level and checked it using bubble levelers in several locations. Once it was for sure completely level I put these on the front by my electric tounge jack where I can see them when I am leveling the trailer. one is positioned for the side to side level and one is positioned for the up and down front and back level.They work great. I cleaned the area really good with alcohol and used the adhesive backers they came with.You can drill holes and screw them on but I do not like drilling holes if I do not have to.They have been on there for some time now and if they start coming off I will just get some 3m command strips or just get new ones since they are not that expensive."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Makes level soooo easy. When I bought this I thought it seas just a simple bubble level. It is, but it is marked in inches of level error, so hat makes it super easy to level in one shot.  For example, it might show 3&#34; of &#34;unlevel&#34;, so you just use two 2x6 or 2 plastic leveling blocks and its right every time. We toured the entire US and stopped at more than 100 RV parks and campsites. I never one try to get the level right ( except when I put the blocks on the wrong side ! )"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These work well for a budget level. They have double sided tape on the back and a couple of drill holes for security. The problem is that if you only use the tape they can move simply by grabbing them and wiggling them around. The onyl way to truly secure them is to drill holes. I did not want to drill holes in my RV in the event that I didn't like these or wanted to go with something else in the future.If you do get them I would buy a couple packs of them so that if they break or go bad you can put a new one in without chancing them being unavilable and potentially having to get something else that doesn't have the same screw hole pattern."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For most folks but if you need it and fail to use it really bad things will happen.I bought a Porsche where the previous owner had changed the plugs and failed to use the anti--seize and years later when it was time to change the plugs because you cannot actually see the plugs it is easier to remove the head to put repair helicoils into the aluminum as the plugs will not come out without taking the threads.  This is how the world works.  Failure to install something whre this product is needed will cost you dearly down the road. Before you begin anything with aluminum first find your bottle of anti seize so you know you can put the project back together without doing permanent damage."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff has a million uses in the garage and around the house/yard.  Any fastener that may rust, corrode, or otherwise lock up, just put a thin coat on the threads and don't worry...it'll come right off next time.  Use it on axle bolts, lug nuts, spark plugs, really any nut, bolt, screw, or anything exposed to the elements that you don't wan to seize.  And for the price, an 8oz bottle will last you for years!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought a used car that has oxygen sensor issues... and replacing said sensor is a nightmare and extremely expensive (long story). If the oxygen sensor trips a code than many of the functions of my car stop working.  (What a nightmare and a sick feature as far as I'm concerned).  I bought this and mounted it permanently in my car and when I get the occasional sensor code I can handily reset the code and continue on my merry way.  Having all of the other information available is so convenient and the manual is user friendly.  I love this and want one for all of my vehicles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "in my 08 tahoe, i changed plug and wires recently, i used Tune up Grease both inside of the wire boots and on the porcelain section of the plugs.I installed a set of iridium plugs and a set of ferrite wires in my 08 tahoe, the wires came with a tiny packet of tune up grease but this never seems like enough to me (not that i apply a lot, keep it simple.)the &#34;average&#34; fuel economy on the dash instant read computed had been stalled at 13.9 MPG for a very long time, this is a composite of in town and highway driving. I changed the plugs and wires with the help of this tune up grease and reset the average MPG, within 10 days my average is up to 14.8.I did NOTHING to the vehicle other than install wires and the plugs.This grease helps ensure a good, insulated connection and is a must for a little job like this which can make a difference in your mileage.this is a big tube and will last you a lifetime."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This Permatex Dielectric grease works great to seal out dust & dirt. I used it on my mower spark plug boots as I have a few areas of the yard that kick up a good bit of dust when I drive over them and this applied correctly makes a great seal between the boot and the plug to keep the plug clean and thus a good high spark going to the engine. If you want to use it on smaller items, you may need an appropriate applicator as it only comes with the &#34;toothpaste&#34; style opening and that's not for finesse. I highly recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just got a 99 XJ cherokee and the lift-gate struts worked fine in warm weather where I bought it, but when I got it home to the mountains they stopped working in the cold. I am spoiled by the nice struts on my 96 XJ, so I bought a set of the Strongarm struts here on Amazon due to many positive reviews here and in Cherokeeforum.com. I put these on the Jeep in about 20 minutes and all it took was a small flat-head screwdriver and a 10mm socket. It was way easier than I expected! I used an adjustable backcountry ski pole to hold the hatch up while I did the work and it worked just fine. The hatch now goes up and stays up all by itself and works perfectly so I'm extremely satisfied with the fit and function as well as the sweet deal for a pair of new ones here on amazon."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was rebuilding a wear ring on a sportjet engine and needed to cover a large area with jbweld, make it perfectly smooth and even. Took 3 passes to get a perfectly smooth surface and it's stronger than the original! The tubes are really big too, I didn't even use 1/2 yet and you can sand it and shape it. My advise would be to use it sparingly if you need to get exact dimensions because this stuff gets VERY hard, sanding it by hand is hopeless for anything other than fine grit sandpaper. Also, rough sand between applications because it turns smooth, almost glass-like when it dries so you have to sand between the layers to make sure it doesn't flake. I used a dremel ultrasonic sander with rough paper to get the dimensions right and then hand sanded for smoothness only"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've put these on my motorcycle (DL650K7 if it matters) and although they are definitely whiter (4100K vs. 3500K of the stock bulbs), they don't seem to be much brighter or projecting noticeably wider beams. The only instrument in my posession is a photo light meter and it shows the difference of about 1/3 of a stop, which is rather negligible. Nevertheless, I like the whiter light, and I think that $40 is the right price for such an upgrade. Surprisingly for a Japanese cycle, the stock lights were also Sylvanias, so I expect these to last (one who rides should always carry a spare set of bulbs anyway)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is great, don't expect the wax to last super long as with any wax and wash, and I do not notice any super shine or water beading, but I wax parent's cars after and what wax and wash does actually have the wax part do as good as if you applied the wax separately? none, but its better than just a wash alone. but it is a great bonus up from a a regular car wash liquid since it gives your car a nice shine. It also smells nice and is not too exepnsive"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have been washing all my cars for years with Turtle Wax Car Wash and have always been satisfied with this Turtle Wax products.When I bought this product, Turtle Wax ZIP CarWax, I was really disappointed about its wash performance :- the &#34;concentrate&#34; in the bottle is very watery to begin with; no comparison to Turtle Wax's original ZIP car wash- even though I used 1 fl. oz. (~ 30 ml) with a bucket of water this product does not generate any suds- because of this it is tough to get grime and dirt off; you have to scrub really hardI am baffled that this product has so many positive reviews; maybe Turtle wax recently has changed the formula for this product, and I got the newest version."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Once a year seems pretty accurate. I'm sure it varies on where you live, how dirty your car gets, how often you wash it, how you wash it, what detergent you use, etc., etc. But it was highly rated by Consumer Reports so I figured I'd give it a shot. Goes on, wipes off easy - or about the same as other paste waxes I've used. Oh, and yes, this is a polish not a cleaner. If your paint is really dirty, faded, etc, then you need to use a cleaner first then a polish. Put it on thin, in the shade, keep it off plastic, use a microfiber cloth - in other words follow the directions and use it correctly and it works great. And, yes, if you have chips in your paint they will turn white - just like with any other polish."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used [[ASIN:B000AMLWH8 Meguiar's Quik Interior Detailer Cleaner, 16.oz] on two cars.ProsMild non-offending fragrance gives a fresh smellIt is a good cleaner at its price pointConsDoes not remove makeup stains around vanity mirrorsDoes not remove grime \"cooked\" on vinyl dashboardDoes not clean much--too mild perhapsThe bottom line is if you are going to spend time cleaning your car, get a cleaner that actually cleans.  I used [[ASIN:B002L2EI1C Griot's Garage 11104 Interior Cleaner - 35 oz.]] with thisGriot's Garage 11022 Finest Sprayera week after and it cleaned grime that this quick detailer perfumed.  If you have leather seats then instead getGriot's Garage 11259 Leather Care Spray Kit."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A few sprays and a wipe down with a microfiber cloth and the interior of my car looks like I just detailed it. Of course, you have to detail the car first. It's not a miracle worker. But when you want to get back to the detail look without major effort, this is the way to go. I keep the bottle and some clothes in my trunk on club rides.Compared to heavier interior cleaners, like Armorall, this stuff doesn't get oily residue on your windows. It doesn't wipe off glass completely clean but over spray comes off with just a little window cleaner."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm a skeptic when a product promises spectacular results with a minimum of effort, but this one delivers!  The light gray interior of my car looks brand new, and it took less than half an hour.  I have leather seats, too.  Finger marks, dust,  insect carcasses, spilled drink stains--all are history.  The only thing it didn't fully remove was a blue ink mark, but even that is lighter.My only regret is that the really lovely rose fragrance didn't linger, but oh, well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use a lot of Meguires products. This product turned my dash board splotchy and brown in spots. I went over the cart a few times to  make sure the product was being absorbed evenly. It made no difference. The plastic on my console shifter indicator also turn blotchy. I waited a day and then went over everything with Meguiars #40 Vinyl and Rubber conditioner and everything turned out great. I believe the #40 is a much better product at least on my car. I called Meguires and told them what happened. They told me the #40 has as much uv protection as the Quick Detailer. They had no explanation as to why I had bad results.The plastic on my console is still blotchy but I will try some plastic lens polish to try and fix that. Just glad I didn't use this on my instrument panel."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using diluted (10 to 1) Simple Green to clean the interior of my cars for many years. It works on nearly any surface except glass.  It's also cheap and smells pleasant (at least to my unrefined sniffer).  I decided to buy this Meguiars interior detailed just to compare it with Simple Green.  I love Meguiars Gold class exterior spray detailed - the stuff is just amazing.  I also use Meguiars cleaner wax on my cars.There is absolutely nothing wrong with this product.  It does exactly what it says it should do.  I give it 4 stars for function and quality.  My gripe is that is doesn't really work any better than something 1/5 it's price.  I'll probably stick with Simple Green and skip buying this again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought a set of these ramps and they flat out don't work on my 2010 Dodge Ram 1500 4x2.  In my garage and/or on an asphalt parking lot they don't stay put.  When I drive up them they slide forward and my truck just scoots them along.  I have to \"hold\" them in place by using rubber floor mats and/or wood stoppers.  Yes, they have the rubber feet on their base but they don't hold.  Hate them....and wouldn't buy them again.  I returned them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have owned these for about 8 years now.  They have held up very well.  No bend or flex ever noticed.  I use them for any under-car work that doesn't require the wheels being removed.  They are light, and easy to store by hanging them off a screw using the hole they already have built in.To the reviews that say they slide a lot: you need to have a gentle foot on the gas pedal.  If you try to drive up the ramps fast, you may push the ramp.  Take your time, be smooth with the gas, and you'll get up ok.Note if you own a low-riding sports car, the angle of these might not be low enough for you.  The easy solution to that problem is to take something like a 1\"x10\" board and butt it against the ramp.  Drive up on the wood first then continue onto the ramp.For the price, these are an A+ purchase!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I don't know what the complaint from some buyers is about these ramps not functioning well. I purchased four of these Rhino 8000 and drove my 2 wheel drive Jeep Cherokee up on them with no problem whatsoever. My garage floor is smooth concrete and I had no problem with slippage. The only thing that I'll say is you cannot be timid when driving up onto these or any other ramp because you could cause wheel spin which would lead to a problem. My XJ has been sitting on these four ramps for two weeks while I do several underside upgrades and they are holding very well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "They're light, they're tough, they work.  I have no qualms with sliding under my car when they're on these ramps.HOWEVER -- Because they're light, you want to use them only with drive wheels, otherwise they won't stay in place as you climb the ramps.  And because they're light, I'd advise using them only with smaller vehicles.  Honda Civic?  Yes.  Crown Vic?  No.And regardless of what kind of ramp I use, I always position an extra floor jack under the car \"just in case\"."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this after my wife ran over a screw.  Didn't have one at the time so I had to use my father's set.  Well surprise, she ran over another screw somehow last week and I pulled this bad boy out and plugged that hole right up without having to even put on the spare.People say you're supposed to have the holes professionally patched at a dealer, but if the hole isn't any kind of tear and is just a puncture, I have never had any issues with plugs falling out after 1000's of miles of driving."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This, my second kit, came from Amazon. I bought the first kit locally when I walked into my garage and saw a flat tire on the Honda CRV. I took the tire off the car, used a water bottle to find the air bubbles escaping the hole, followed the directions and repaired the flat. It took a little muscle to enlarge the hole and insert the plug. I cut off the excess plug and used a jump box  with an air compressor (that I periodically keep in the car)  to inflate the tire.Good thing the hole was in the tread. These kits won't work if the hole is in the sidewall.These kits pay for themselves with one use in time, money and frustration. Flats can cost $10 -15 to fix. I keep one in both cars.The jump box prevented tire damage because I didn't have to drive it to a gas station to be inflated."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Slime is a really great product.  You can use it on any tire from your garden tiller to your SUV.  The bottles come in different sizes to cover a range of tire sizes.  You need to own some sort of tire pump to apply this product to the tire and usually that means some sort of air compressor.  A bicycle pump will work for bike tires, though.Slime doesn't have a pressurized propellant in the bottle, so there's no danger to you or to a tire technician.  It can be a little messy if you decide to remove a tire from its rim.  A small price to pay for a safe and effective product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this for my 4-wheeler. I have a K&N filter on my truck and it has performed real well. Just take an air hose and clean it instead of buying another one. I'm hoping to get the same service out of this one too. Every-time I have my 4-wheeler service, they change my air filter. Well.........those little filters are fairly expensive. I figure I can save a little over some time as far as the filter is concerned.........plus K&N has a pretty good reputation. I would recommend this to anyone wanting such an item."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800, which by itself is not a slow machine. Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original, however, it was a whole different ballgame. I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor, and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I'm sure I'm adding longevity to the bike as well. Simple install; fits directly in place of the stock filter. A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The 476 features carnauba wax AND normal wax together with some polymers to mall all work together. It's a really nice starters kit for a good wax layer that you can wait around 48h to have a second one applied.Collinite is not a very famous brand such as Meguiar's or 3M (actually the same since 2012) but they make awesome products. Don't be fooled by the advertisement, if you do a research you'll find this is a GREAT quality and really good price. Probably the liquid version is easier for most people.The 476 is perfect for any color car same quality as the 915 (higher in carnauba, better for dark cars). Really good product!GO FOR IT"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "In the automotive market, there's a lot of snake oil.  Most of it is just junk.  Some products do nothing.  Those are the good ones.  The bad ones screw up your car.  This is one of the few that actually work.  It keeps your fuel delivery system clean.  I use Lucas Oil with every fill up.  When I change the fuel filter, clean gasoline comes trickling out.  In cars without it, I usually see black gunk spill back out of the fuel filter.  This is not a cure-all in a single serving bottle.  But if used regularly, over time, you will see results."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this stuff for my 1947 Willys Jeep.  The transfer case/transmission has developed a nasty leak recently, and I hoped this product would help.  I added a full bottle to the transfer case (which was leaking the most) and a bit to the transmission sump; they are interconnected, but have separate fill and drain holes.  It was very difficult to get into the fill holes because of the viscosity of the stuff (about the consistency of molasses).  I drove around today, about 40 miles or so, and both the transfer case and the transmission still leak about the same as when I put it in.  I cannot recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a  leaky transmission."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My Dodge Intrepid 2001 started having a leak around the transmission....my mechinic told me to try Lucas a long time ago. But I didn't since I was worried it would make my car worse or wouldn't work. So one day I decided what the hell it wouldn't hurt to try. I received the item it's thick and slow to pour in the transmission small diameter fill tube.But overall it improved the shifting characteristics immediately. I have put about three hundred miles on it and shifting is perfect. No more hesitant shifting from gear to gear or lugging or clunking when down shifting to first gear."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Recently my 2003 Explorer had been acting up symptoms included:- hard shifting- a sudden drop in RPMMy mechanic told me to buy Lucas Tranmission fix. To be honest I was skeptical at first from my experience additives are just wallet stealers. They advertise their product and give a magic fix. So I gave it a try and BAAMM!. I test drove my Explorer and noticed a huge difference. My shifting was smooth and better since when I purchased it.Before you go and blow out a large sum of money on a new transmission give Lucas Transmission Fix a shot. !"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used this for many years as well as some friends, they swear by it and so do I! I never add oil in my motors and even the snow blower, without it. You have to understand just what happens when you add this, I had to remove the oil pump in one motor for an unrelated job to oil. I tried to turn the socket by hand which I have done many times and its easy to do, with this in the oil, forget it! You have such fantastic lubrication that the socket just spins in your hand and no amount of strength will overcome the fact that you have Lucas in the oil."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Part Number:  FL820SManufacturer:  MOTORCRAFTDearborn, MIOE Number  F1AZ 6731 BDOEManufacturer  FordOE Number  XW4E 6714 DAOEManufacturer  FordEngineered specifically for Ford, Lincoln and Mercury vehicles, each Motorcraft oil filter, including the popular Motorcraft FL-1A, uses as many as 12 high-quality components. Construction features include:-  Steel Cases\"Ironed\" for a precise fit, fluted to ease removal and painted for rust-resistance.-  Pressure Relief ValveWhen it's cold outside or if the filter becomes clogged, oil flow through the filter can be reduced. If this happens, the relief valve opens to provide a continuous oil supply. Its design also minimizes the chance of contaminated oil recirculating back-  Anti-Drain Back ValveThis feature keeps oil in the filter to prevent \"dry starts\" after your engine has been turned off. It's made with specially formulated material that resists the aging effects that an engine's heat can cause.-  Efficient Filter MediaRe-engineered media increases Motorcraft filters' dirt-collecting capability, allowing them to capture more engine-harming particles than ever before."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These mirrors fit over the factory mirrors like a glove! They really fit nice, and no vibration. The do an ok job. It depends on the size of the trailer you are towing. They worked well with my 22 foot travel trailer, but now we have a 30 foot travel trailer, and they don't offer as much rear viewing sight. I will have to go to the factory extended mirrors. Which I kinda of expected that. For the money they do well!If you will do a lot of towing, and in busy areas, I would recommend the factory extended mirrors. They cost more, but may be worth the extra, as compared to side swiping someone! I think for as much as they do extend, they could of been a little larger, just my two cents worth."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have 2 lawn mowers for summer and a snow blower for winter.  I have used Sta-bil for years in the gas can which I use for these machines for over 10 years.  The lawn mower sits around for months with gas in it over the winter.  Using Sta-bil prevents the &#8220;gum and varnish&#8221; residue that can be left behind when gasoline evaporates.  No need to drain the mowers or blowers every season.  The engines usually start right up after having been left idle for months.  Sta-bil has worked me and I will continue to use it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff went on easy and all brush marks disappeared, leaving a very smooth, bright red finish.  Looks great on my Corvette.  It's been about a month and they still look great, plus I had at least half a can of paint leftover in case I need to touch them up in the future.  Easy to use, I would definitely use again in the future.  I didn't attempt to use the supplied brush, I bought some higher quality brushes instead after reading reviews of the brush falling apart.  It was a rather cheap, low quality brush.  But the paint and caliper cleaner are both top notch.  No regrets!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to replace another pressure gauge from Accutire which became useless when the battery died (battery replacement resulted in a display of \"01.0\"), I hope that this one will survive a battery replacement as there are instructions for doing so in the manual (well, instruction sheet).  The flashlight is bright enough to find the valve stem, but not much else.  It reads quite differently to a very old gauge I have, but I don't know which is correct (probably neither !)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this because I was tired of using those 'stick-style' pressure gauges, I never felt those gave an accurate reading since over time it seems that it became easier for those sticks to shoot out.In any case, this is a good gauge. It's got a good ergonomic feel which may or may not be important to you since you're generally not using it that long anyways. Clear digital display and a mini light. You can also program the gauge to set a target pressure for your front and rear tires which is a nice feature. The packaging claims that the battery is lifetime, I somehow doubt this, but it appears there is a screw on the backside that should give you access to the battery. I've never had to replace it yet anyways. Overall, a very good digital gauge for measuring your tire pressure."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I haven't used the set point part of it, but just the fact you can put it on the valve stem and audibly hear when it's done taking the reading makes it far superior to all my other ones. With other ones I'm bending down, trying to see if it's taken the reading or not. I mean, isn't kneeling down far enough? Do I really need to put my head towards the ground further? With other gauges, I do. Not with this one though. Big backlit display that automatically comes on and automatically goes back off. I don't see how anyone could be disappointed with this."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Toyota does not make a locking gas cap for the Tacoma and the gas hatch door is not a locking type.  If you want to lock the gas tank this is one of few options to do so.  As you can see by it's picture, the cap is threaded to the bottom which is NOT the same as Toyota's OEM cap, which is smooth for about a half inch to make replacing the cap after filling the tank easier.I had to call Stant to make sure this would fit on my 2012 as the Amazon guide indicated it would not. I does fit but is not as slick as the original. Some online reviews and the Toyota manual warn about a \"check engine\" light if the gas tank is not properly sealed by the cap. That was not an issue with mine.I'd spend more money and buy one that fit better if it was available but from my research I couldn't find one."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As you may know, one cause of the \"check engine light\" coming on your dash is lack of pressure in the fuel system due to a faulty gas cap.Normally, when the \"check engine light\" comes on, I go out and tighten the gas cap; if that's the cause, the light will go off in an hour or so.However, if the light stays on, a cheap option is to replace the gas cap - a lot cheaper than taking it to the shop and getting charged an hour of labor and the shop cost of a gas cap. In my state, a car with the \"check engine\" light on during the inspection period will fail the inspection.If you replace the cap, and the light still stays on, then take it to the shop.This is a good price on the cap."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Amazon never fails to amaze me of the various range of products that they have. I got lucky and was able to buy this pack in Amazon warehouse deals for the price lower than Pepboys and Autozone. I really can't feel its effect on the gas mileage in our Corolla but I have sensed its increase in power. I also checked the engine oil at least once a week and you can definitely see the difference compared to the oil placed by another shop who did my previous oil change.The oil is a little bit expensive but it is definitely worth if for the machine that carries me and my family."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I highly recommend Mobil synthetic 5w-30 and 10w-30.  I have been using it in all of my cars, ATV, home generator, and 10w-30 in my trucks since 1990 and all who have worked on my engines comment how clean they have been. All quick to start in Montana cold weather, always better MPG than manufacturer stated, never overheating, and no oil consumption with age.  I recommend starting from the beginning with your vehicle.  It is an excellent product, even recommended adding a little to your chain saw bar-oil for all season cutting, especially cold weather when bar oil can gum-up."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased two cases to handle oil service for an older Boxster; for this purpose there is no cheaper way to get an approved lubricant.When used instead of a 5W30 oil in two 2002/2003 VWs, in moderately cool but not cold temps, noticed easier starting and generally fine performance.At the Amazon price, especially with prime, there is no more affordable way to get this quality of oil.Two alternatives to consider for Porsches:If you are racing a street car, or observing much reduced change intervals, consider Joe Gibbs DT40 or similar, though it does cost even more than this Mobil 1 choice.Another approved and worthy choice for Porsches and other European performance cars is Motul 8100 x-cess 5W40, and this is also sometimes available via Amazon as well as in 5 liter package."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Noticed immediate difference. Idle is smoother, acceleration is quicker, and cruising on the highway feels assertive with much more power to be had. There was a $10 off coupon for a long time and with prime so I could not refuse. I cannot wait to drive my car again. I feel like Mobil 1 is a brand that does not need to heavily advertise because their product is so good already. It is a trusted brand and your engine is being protected without any second guesses! BMW, Benz, and the GTR use this so why can't yours?!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought it April 9th, rebate mailed April 14th.  Today August 20th received $24 for 2 6-pack rebate after numerous phone calls and email scan copies.  Mobil 1 0w-40 is a great product, however their rebate process is way sub par.  I would definitely think twice before such mail-in-rebate deals come up again.  It is just not worth the time and effort for tracking this rebate.  Do yourself a favor, go to your local Wmart to get them for less.  MIR, what a joke."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This was the first oil change for my 2013 Elantra GT.  I had the i30 in Europe and this is the oil I used there.  The manual says 5W-30 or 20... but this has a wider range.I let the first 2500 miles to go on the original oil.  Just had the oil changed at the dealer and as always, this oil will never fails... you can feel the smooth engine sound and smoother engine grip.  I have a manual so revving the engine in gears i can clearly hear a difference.And by the way, this is the same oil that goes into my A4 for that past 5 years (5 oil changes).  just buy it and never look back."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It is a mystery how such a thin towel can absorb so much water. I know it is the waffle weave that allows the towel to guzzle up so much water... but I can dry a section of my SUV and wring out the towel and then dry another section without having to wait.This towel is a tad expensive and there are other waffle weave towels available, but this makes the drying process for my vehicle take much less time. I simply use the water sheeting technique and this Supreme Guzzler. No blower or anything else!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always been a fan of using the Absorber products for drying my cars. I really hated wringing it out over and over to remove the water from the product. I was amazed at the amount of water this thing sucked up. In drying my Honda Pilot, not once did I, or COULD I wring out any water. Very soft, and no issues with scratching.I was somewhat confused about which one I should buy, until I found this breakdown:Cobra Supreme - application of waxes, quick detailers and buffingCobra Miracle Towel - wax and polish removal, buffingCobra Deluxe - application of spray waxes, quick detailers, buffingCobra Gold Plush - application of spray waxes, quick detailers, buffingCobra Guzzler Waffle - dryingCobra Guzzler HD Waffle - dryingCobra Waffle Weave Glass - cleaning glassNow I just need to get some of their other products!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm a newbie RV person (though I'm 74 years old) so took advice of others on blogs and ordered a 25' and a 50' hose for my new travel trailer.  The threads on the female end are plastic so I'm hopeful they will hold up.  They do have a 10 year warranty.  I unrolled them today and had no kinking when I carefully stretched them out.  Since they were wrapped tightly for shipping I assuming under normal use they will serve their purpose well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this to use for a camper, It works as a hose, but the ends are plastic.  Initially, I didn't have a problem with this, but at one campground the end was fused to the spigot at my campsite.  I had to use a wrench to get it to release, this damaged the end and I had to buy a new hose.  Also, before this happened it was difficult to get the hose to not leak through the connection.  Defnitely, I recommend getting a hose with metal ends."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had to use quite a stack of wood blocks under my travel trailer (TT) jack because I've had the axles flipped on it.  It sits about 4 inches higher than when it was stock.  When I saw this recommended by Amazon I was all over it.  I still use a few blocks of wood along with this just to further minimize the amount of jack travel required.  I would have given it 5 stars if I didn't have to remove the foot from the jack in order to use it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this jack stand to replace the assortment of wood blocks that I used under the front tongue of our 20' camper, weight about 500lbs,  when parked at the storage lot or while out camping.  By the second season the base had fatigued and cracked in a circular manner and by the third season I had to remove it from service because I felt it would not safely hold the weight of the tongue.  I was pretty disappointed considering how much I spent and inconvenient is was to store away.  I've moved on to the &#34;Flip-foot&#34; jack extension."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If your RV has both the black tank and the gray tank valves emptying into one line then putting this valve in place doesn't work so well because if you try to empty just one tank they both will drain. For instance if your black tank valve is screwed up and you want to leave it open and just use the replacement valve instead of replacing the old one it will work but if you want to drain your gray tank without draining the black tank it won't work because both will drain at the same time. You won't be able to drain the gray tank without the back tank emptying to."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My '99 Bounder diesel had Valterra valves on it, but the handle for my grey water tank had one half snap off in the cold one year.Plus, after 15 years, said grey water valve's seal had started to drip a tiny bit.  My wife can smell a flea's fart from a mile, so I knew about it in short order.Now, it was a definite challenge to get the seals to remain in place while wedging the valve into place, though I put a thin coating of silicone grease on mine to both prevent leaks and prolong lifespan, but I found, if I loosened the hose clamp holding the pipe to the tank, I could twist the pipe and push it in...GENTLY.  This gave me enough room to get both the grey and black tank valves in place, seals properly seated."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I read all the other companies material on how well their products worked on rust. I had planned on using the POR product but as with several other ones I was worried about how harsh and toxic they were. This product is  water based no harsh fumes and cleans up with water! So far I have used almost two bottles on a very rusty undercarriage. The product works fantastic, isn't scary to handle and the finished results are beautiful. You have to recoat in about twenty min. for the coverage to even out. In 24hours it dries to a hard satin black finish which you can top coat. This product  goes a long way for such a small bottle. A great buy!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Some hardware stores carry this in 8 oz. containers.  It is a buck or two cheaper to order it here and have it delivered.  It works better than naval jelly.  Not particularly recommended for show quality applications.I pour a little our on a 2&#34; paint brush to coat rusted ferrous metal.It stops rust and turns it black.Good for tools and equipment that have a tendency to rust.It is thicker that some of the phosphoric acid products and leaves a coating that can be painted over.I am using it on a rusty utility trailer and an old tractor.You don't have to paint it but you can.It kills the rust."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Purchased this aerosol can when I was about to renovate a couple of corroding, outdoor light fixtures.  After completely taking the light fixtures apart, and using a bit of elbow grease with a wire brush, cleaned the parts, we applied the Permatex Rust Treatment.  Lo and behold, the rust disappeared and a black coating emerged.  Afterwards, we applied a coat of U-POL ACID #8 Etch Primer and two finishing coats of Rust-Oleum, turning the aging light fixtures in brand new ones."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This treatment works well to &#34;kill&#34; rust and should be used along with a good rust primer and top coat paint to prevent future reoccurrence of corrosion returning. This product essentially treats the rust as the surface of the metal becomes pitted and sanding or grinding does not remove all of it before painting. Good product to use in any area you do not want to continually do over. This product is an absolute must to have on the shelf for any auto or product used in high salt states such as in the Northeast area of the country. Small price to pay for an added layer of security to your rust prevention project."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This dries clear.  First time using this and only because I could not find rustoleum rust reformer red can.  I may not be being fair to this brand since I just began testing it.  I just prefer rustoleum because it has acceptable anti-rust capabilities and already is black.I sprayed this on some parts of 1996 truck as well as on a metal plate.  Rusty but no rust flakes.  Then metal plate was finished with 2 coats of rustoleum high temp semi gloss.  I'll see what happens.I use the rust converter mainly on underbody of the truck as rust treatment and a finish.  I am not really looking for a long term or a permanent fix."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I researched a ton of portable air compressors before coming to the conclusion that the Q Industries, a veritable no-name brand, compressor was the best value - without spending a fortune.  While I think it is obvious your best option for portable air compressors is a Viar, they are also very expensive.  This Q Industries compressor provides me with a relatively quick air-up without a huge expense.  Reviews elsewhere have me convinced it will last a while too.The few times I've used it thus far has me convinced I made a good choice.  I can recommend this one too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This little compressor has far exceeded my expectations. I have had two plumbed to an air tank that ran air tools on my rig. They run forever and have never gave me a problem. The only thing I would suggest is to switch out the male hose adaptor. This will allow you to run a regular sized higher quality hose that can attach to regular air tools/hoses in a pinch. The one that comes with it is an odd ball size. Don't get me wrong...you can't run air tools directly from this compressor. But using two into a tank makes it possible. I would buy another one in a heart beat. A little noisy but what compressor isn't?! It pushed a decent amount of air for the money. You need one for your vehicle so just buy it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "these look GREAT when mounted, and have been mounted for 6 months with stuff occasionally bumping them without falling off the side of my truck. the glow in the dark nub is removable thankfully, as the orange color is enough to find them in the dark. I tested these at the junkyard to see if they would \"actually\" work (i was skeptical) and my hand fell through the window after it, it took so little pressure. my girlfriend didnt even know I had broken it myself, since she was looking away and only saw the aftermath. I feel very re=assured with these next to me in my truck, and will buy them for any other vehicle I ever own, without a doubt."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got one of these mounted in my vehicle. Seems to have a quality build and a ok mount. Makes install a little easier, just remember that you'll have to get to this ASAP is something does happen so mount it somewhere you'll be able to get to even if you're upside down. ( Hopefully never ) This is just another one of those \"just incase\" tools that you carry and hope you never need. But better to have it and not need it, then to need it and not have it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We bought three of these LifeHammer \"Emergency Hammers\" after watching the \"Mythbusters\" episodes on escaping from a sinking car. We live in the mountains with a lot winding roads, often with water at the bottom, and these Hammers seem like a worthwhile and prudent precaution. Here are my observations:+ Colorful; bright orange makes it easy to see+ Very Pointy; both hammer ends are very pointy and I don't doubt at all that they could break a car side window+ Sharp Seatbelt Cutter; well protected so you can't get your fingers in it, tested with a ribbon and it cut easily+ Plastic Holder; works surprisingly well to cover the pointy bits and is east to remove quicklyAs my title says, it is better to have and not need than to need and not have.Highly Recommended! Here is the two pack we also boughtLife Hammer Original Emergency Hammer, Orange, 2-PackCFH"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have one of these in each of my vehicles, either in the door pocket, center console or glove box.  I didn't mount them because having them loose in a covered compartment seemed a better idea.  I also have the key chain versions (ResQme)as a back-up in case the trapped person cannot reach the one in the door, etc.I have only had to use this device once when a Blazer flipped over on the Interstate in front of me.  The first person on the scene tried several times to break the rear window with a crowbar, but was unsuccessful.  My life-hammer did the job effortlessly with the first swing, and the seat-belt cutter quickly ripped through the belt to release the trapped driver!These should seriously be standard equipment in ALL vehicles!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the second style that I have bought on Amazon. The first one was like a toy. This one is close to it. Neither one was built STRONG. The handle is just a little longer than the last two I bought. Another thing. I just bought these  two at $10.00 each. Now, one week later, $15.00 almost? Sorry barely worth $10.00. I would shop for a better model. Sorry, I'm not ready yet to bust out a real car window to see if the thing will hold up??  Read my other product reviews folks. I'm just like YOU. I try to stretch that hard earned dollar.  SW"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "because I ordered this device along with a backup camera for my RV.  However, when I went to install the backup camera, their instructions said not to install it if there is a back up alarm installed.  The only reason that I could think of was that the current draw of both the camera and the alarm my exceed the fuse capacity of the backup lights and cause it to fail.  Anyway, I am further researching this and hope to get this resolved soon.  So the product looks good and is well packaged.  But I have not tried it yet."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have no doubt that this oil is good oil. I do however doubt that the 50-70% price increase above other high quality synthetic oils, is not worth it. I can purchase castrol edge with titanium, mobil 1 EP or Pennzoil Ultra from my local walmart for $26.00/5 qt. The cheapest you can find 5 qts of 5w30 RP is around $43.00, 65% more expensive. This might be worth it for a track car, but no way is it worth it in 99% of consumer cars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff is amazing.  I bought it when RP was running a special; buy the oil, get the RP filter for free.  I was very surprised at how much difference it made over regular oil.  My engine runs a lot smoother and quieter.  I will be buying again.  Next time I think I will buy the high mileage version.  I just hope RP has another special so I don't have to pay for the matching RP filter $$.Update:  After a little over 4 months and 5,000 miles I changed my RP oil.  It looked almost as good as new oil; just a little browner.  When I had tried to do the same with house oil from the parts store it was shockingly dark; almost black.  RP has earned a life-long convert and RP evangelist."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used to use Pennzoil Ultra Advance Synthetic Motor oil and Mobil 1. I switch on and off between them. Both of the oils Work Perfectly fine. Car runs great and then I started to hear about royal purple, How people tell its an amazing oil and works wonders. I thought Synthetic oil is as good as it gets. Until I tried royal purple...this is THE best oil i've tried yet so far, I haven't tried Ams oil nor Red Line. But I'm sticking to Royal Purple, Great Idles, More Torque and Power to the wheels, Engine Overall Performs Excellent. An Oil that Out Performs, Royal Purple. Go Buy it!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have been using RP products for years.  You can debate oils for days and everyone has an opinion but for me I'm sold on the synerlink stuff they use in their products.  Check out all the youtube videos and you will see what I'm talking about.  I ran my 02 Mustang Cobra hard and never once had any issues with the motor.  I now run this in my Jeep JK because of the extreme cold starts we have here in minnesota.  Yes it costs a lot more to use RP products but from an investment standpoint it's cheaper then major repairs.  I've never rebuilt anything yet that I've ran royal purple in.  Honest."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always been told that Royal Purple products were good, but more expensive than the products I've used in the past. However, Amazon offered a package at a price that was actually cheaper than if I bought it at a local store, plus they shipped it for free. As for the product, since I tend to use quality synthetic oils in my 2008 Honda Civic I guess only time will tell, but I do seem to have more pickup that has a firmer feel. My Honda is slightly modified, but the other day I out ran a BMW that was attempting to cut me off as I merged onto the free way. Was it the oil? I don't know, but as long as I maintain my average of 35 MPG and can merge at that pace I will continue to buy Royal Purple. It should be noted that I also use ZMax at the same time, or when I can afford it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Recently I had a steel garage door installed. Opening and closing the door was a noisy event. I called the installer and was told that the hinges needed to go through a break-in stage and to reduce the noise a 20 weight oil was recommended. I applied a dab of Royal Purple Synthetic Engine Motor Oil 20W50 on each hinge and the results far exceeded my expectations. The door opening and closing was the quietest it has ever been including when the old door was still in use. This is an excellent lubricant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Since they made this non flammable and tire sensor safe it doesn't seal as good as it used to, but still a good product.  Shake it up real good, pull out the nail or metal sticking in the tire first if there is one.  This won't seal a tire well if you leave the nail in there.  I carry two cans per car because I had a hose assembly break. Or,  keep the nozzle hose assembly off the top of the can for a spare.  This will seal some bead leaks, but not with the wheel mounted on the car.  Take the wheel off. lay it flat with the leaking bead side down, and slowly lift and lower the tire to get the stuff to the bead rim contact area.  Good for galvanized trailer tires which always seem to leak there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This book is such a life saver.  It has been so helpful to be able to go back to track trends, answer pediatrician questions, or communicate with each other when you are up at different times of the night with a newborn.  I think it is one of those things that everyone should be required to have before they leave the hospital.  We went through all the pages of the newborn version, then moved to the infant version, and will finish up the second infant book (third total) right as our baby turns 1.  See other things that are must haves for baby at [...]"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wanted to love this, but it was pretty expensive for only a few months worth of calendar pages.  I ended up buying a regular weekly planner - 55% OFF! - The Planner - that is 8 1/2 x 11 and has all seven days on the right page and the left page has room to write a To Do List and Goals.  I found this to be more helpful because I could mark each day's eating and sleeping blocks, then also see them side by side - I could see her patterns more easily with a weekly view.  This planner was cute, just not what I wanted."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've been using the baby tracker since the day my daughter came home from the hospital.  We're on the third one now.  It's useful for when the doctor asks how often she's feeding and urinating, but even better for looking at and realizing, &#34;Oh, she hasn't slept in x number of hours.  She's probably crying because she's tired.&#34;  But the BEST thing it has done for me since her newborn days is help me put her on a nap schedule.  I flipped through a couple weeks and looked at when she seemed to be sleeping during the day and looked for a pattern, then started putting her down for naps around those same times each day.  It helps a lot."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Of course this has been a great/easy way for me to record all of my baby's routines and a simple way for his caregiver to let me know how the day went.  What I really love about it, though, is that it was so easy for me to jot down all of his major milestones as they happened.  I knew that I wouldn't have time to work on his baby book in the beginning (and sure enough I didn't even get it out until after 2 months), and because I had this book I was able to finally transfer everything over.  Life saver!!  All of the funny little things would probably have been forgotten!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've been using this since the day my baby was born (1 month ago) and it is a life saver!  It is a great way to track when I breastfeed, what breast he ate from, how long, etc.  Plus when pee diapers are changed and poopy diapers.  Our Pediatrician is always asking # of Wets and # of Dirty Diapers per day...so I bring this book to our appts and let her see it all.  I color code each item so its very easy to tell at a glance when he last ate, slept, or pottied.  I plan on ordering 3 more so I have enough to track this entire first year of his life!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I didn't think I would really use this and I was wrong.In the hospital they were constantly asking &#34;when was her last diaper?&#34;, &#34;when did she eat and for how long?&#34; - ummmm I was on pain killers for a c-section and a mass of hormones. I finally got this out and started keeping track using this.Yes, you could just use regular paper, but I liked the layout of the pages and it was just what we needed a we slowly lst our minds for the first 6 weeks.I an on giving this as a shower gift to the next first time mom :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used this book since my son was born.  It's a great and handy way to keep track of when and how much eats and when I change his diaper.  Makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.  This journal is great for his grandparents who watch him while I'm gone.  They are able to maintain his schedule and it makes it very easy for me to see how he is doing while I'm at work.  Highly recommend this journal for all parents of children especially for those with little ones under a year of age.  I'll definitely continue to buy this every 3 months until at least my son is a year old."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using this baby tracker for three months and it has been very useful.  My little one had feeding issues and it was necessary to explain his habits and behavior to the pediatrician and several lactation consultants.  His feeding issues also contributed to sleep issues, which I was also able to track in the journal.  After weeks of sleep deprivation, the Dark Period, I could easily respond to the pediatrician's questions by referring to entries in the baby tracker.It's nice to look back at the Dark Period and see how far we've come."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "THis has been helpful in tracking the feedings, diaper changes, naps and other developmental things for our little one but I REALLY wish they had laid it out so that you could leave it open and have the left side be AM and the right PM.  The way the pages are set up you have to flip a page to see a full day (starts with PM on the left and A.M. on the right).  It's a nitpick but if they had just let the user fill in AM or PM then the pages would be identical and you could look at a full day at a glance (with your hands full, holding a baby).  Sort of a pain to have to lean forward to pick it up and flip a page over just to see what happend prior."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this tracker when my daughter was 4 weeks old. I was having problems remembering how much she was eating, whether she was sleeping better or not. This helped me keep track of those things and more. I could look back and see if there were any changes in her eating habits - it wasI started using it like a little journal that my daughter can see when she's older. I kept notes about her moods, what she did during the day. It even became a good tool to use with my nanny once I went back to work."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "While I love the app on my phone (Baby ESP) for my husband and I-- it's not realistic for someone filling in to download the app. Our parents, who frequently watch our baby, have yet to embrace the app world.So, we use this on days when we have help. It keeps track of everything the doctor will ask you. (How many poop diapers, how many pee diapers, how often are you feeding, how often is he sleeping, what's his schedule like). We usually end up entering the data when we get home so our app can tabulate everything for us in easy to read charts.I kind of like this too because it helps us to review what was going on during the day while we weren't at home."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was a lifesaver especially during the first couple of months.  Being a new mom (and dad) we were exhausted and I can't imagine trying to remember when the baby was last fed, changed, etc. without something like this by our sides 24 hours a day.  It is a good size and plenty of room to write everything down that you need.  It is laid out very well and easy to read/understand when handing off care from parent to parent (or whoever).  Once this ran out I bought another type of journal and am wishing I had just bought this one again."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Both of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.  They also love cars.  So this was an obvious choice for a great toy for them.  They both love these cars!  All of the cars have a little &quot;surprise&quot; (the ladder on the firetruck &quot;clicks&quot; as it raises up and down, the siren on the police car spins, etc.) &amp; they are all numbered which is great for counting and number recognition as they get older.  They're also a great way to teach abstract concepts like smallest, bigger, biggest."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are a huge hit with my one year old son.  We received these cars as a gift when my son was first born.  He started taking a real interest in them when he was about seven months old and still plays with them every day.  They are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.  We've traveled a lot with my son and these make terrific travel toys as they pack up easily and don't take up much space since they nest.  The smallest car rattles and is the perfect size for little hands."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had a homemade quiet book when I was a kid and saw some on pinterest.  Since I don't know how to sew, I visited Etsy to see if I could buy one from that site.  I couldn't believe the prices!  I found this and ordered it for my three kids (9 mos, 2 years, and 3 years), and they all love it.  It's pricey, but it's good quality and much easier on the pocketbook than others.  Great book, and I love that all the pieces are attached!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This book keeps my 2-year-old entertained for a decent amount of time, and I like that it's washable.  It has a good number/variety of activities in it, especially as compared to other similar types of books.There are some activities for babies, but I think toddlers/pre-schoolers will get the most use out of it.  My daughter has a hard time getting the snaps on/off (they require a little extra &#34;elbow grease&#34; and/or for you to hold down the fabric on the page).  There are also some &#34;older&#34; activities, like the clock, or tying a shoe.Overall, good purchase."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The teether just arrived for my ten month old who seems to be cutting his second tooth.He's already figured out how to activate the vibration.  It is soft, yet has some ridges and bumps that he is pulling with his teeth and gums.  I think baby gives it 5 stars!!!There were contradictory reviews on whether the batteries were replaceable or not- the packing says they are NOT.  So unless whoever said they were replaceable is just handier than the rest of us, they do not appear to be replaceable."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this as a shower gift but could not use it for awhile. The handle is kinda big and the chewing surface kinda wide. It also takes a lot of force to get it to vibrate and that took a while for my daugher to figure out, at first I had to hold down one of the corners for her while she chewed on the other. Once she got a little bigger it was a much better toy for her. But don't get me wrong she loved it when she was itty bitty she just needed a little help from mommy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have another vibrating teether that is very similar to this one, there are some differences though.This one is much softer on the outside which could be nice on tender gums.This one has 3 points that she can use to pin point the problem area.Each point has a different texture (bumps, ridges) so there is some varianceThis one seems like it is easier to activateI will say that I don't know if she favors one for the other.  It seems like she uses them both about equally.She also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands, feet, cheeks etc.  We have had a lot of fun playing with it.It's a great find and I wish I had come across it sooner."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son has had this teether since he was 3 months old. I thought maybe he's just too young & not interested in it(even though he did have 2 teeth already) He is now 8 months old, and still isn't very interested in this teether. The reason I bought it was because it was in-expensive and easy for him to hold & pick up. He would rather pick up a toy car, or some sort of stuffed toy, which I understand every child is different. My only big complaint - the star bead on the end. It is hard, and pointy. If it catches my son's sore, in-coming teeth the wrong way, he will cry. Other then that, the colors are great, and definitely catch baby's eye. Overall, it's an OK toy for the price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was skeptical at first about 'babywearing', I tried it once as a joke with this sling that was given to me and fell in love. It was one of the only places besides the breast that my daughter would fall asleep consistently for the fist 4 months or so.  So I agree with other mothers who say that you have to give it a chance to grow on you. It may seem strange or uncomfortable at first but I still use my sling with my daughter and she's 18 months now. She sits on my hip and watches me do the dishes or fold laundry. Hands free is the way to be!The sling I was given was a bit large for me, and I'm not a tiny person 5'3'' 135lbs. Although it was adjustable I think for my next child I'll try a sling that comes in sizes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this carrier before my son was born. I was a nanny and have tried many carriers with babies of various sizes. This is the most comfortable and versatile carrier I've tried yet.The downsides are that it is a little challenging to use. I have had to learn quite a few different ways to carry my son, who is just 3 months old. If you don't adjust the carries you use as your baby grows, it can be very uncomfortable for both you. It is also very bulky. It doesn't even fit in an empty diaper bag. My next carrier will be unpadded."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased a total of 4 of these, thinking I needed to change the bedding constantly due to spit up.The instructions said to hang dry only so I thought I needed more to get through the week.  It turns out I can just toss it in the dryer and put it right back on the mattress.Had I known I didn't need to hang dry, I wouldn't have purchased any extra and just went with the 2 they gave me when I purchased the cosleeper.The material is average, nothing special.  It holds up well to lots of washes and uses."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The shipping was quick. The colors are pretty but the sheets themselves are not soft. That was disappointing to my daughter who I bought the sheets for and of course to me. They are not inexpensive so I expected more. I purchased five sheets to go with the co-sleeper I bought her for their first baby. We have not assembled the co-sleeper yet but when I received it the box was all torn and dented. Looking at it the contents looks okay, but we will see when the my son in law puts it together."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a fantastic product. It has a lot of room to store the dirty diapers, and yet there is little to no smell. You know when it's full because the plunger won't go down all the way, and you can't return the handle to the other position. When you take the garbage bag out, you can tell just how much smell you'd be in for with any other container. I also like that you can use whatever garbage bags you want with this, instead of having to buy special ones. A good buy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Before my first child was born, I was all set to buy the Diaper Genie but then a friend told me about the Diaper Champ. She said that it did a good job and I didn't have to buy any special bags. So I went out and bought it along with a big box of tall kitchen bags. My son is now 4 months old, and so far it is working great. It is in the nursery and there is no smell at all. I am usually very sensitive about any bad smells, and so is my mom but even she couldnt smell any odors. So far this has been a great product. The lid is definately tight, but it does not bother me much. Hopefully, it will still work when the diapers get REALLY smelly! But so far so good!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this product...  My sister in law has a baby 4 months older than my daughter, and she has a diaper genie.  She is stuck having to buy the special cartridges.  So even though the Diaper Genie is less expensive, in the long run, the Diaper Champ turns out to be the one that is less expensive.  Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper. With the Diaper Genie, you have to twist the darn thing and it's hard to operate.  My mother in law almost always has problems with the Diaper Genie at my sister in laws house... she ends up cutting the bags.  When she's at my house, she can't go wrong, just flip the handle! The Diaper Champ is hands down the winner!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for the Diaper Champ after seeing the reviews and I cannot talk enough about it. I just live it!!! It is odorless(so far) and very easy to use - and only with one hand, so you can SAFELY keep the other one on your baby. It's very easy to change the bags, which you can use any 13 gallons one - no expensive refills to buy!!!! I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like the Diaper Champ.  My little boy's room doesn't stink from dirty diapers.  I empty it once a week, when it is time for trash pick-up.  I like the fact of using regular trash bags instead of having to buy special bags.  I do wipe it down a couple of times a month.  I have also put in a box of baking soda to help absorb the odors inside.  I highly recommend this product.  It is very easy to drop in your dirty diapers."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've had this diaper pail for 3 years now, and it's been through 2 kids (both in diapers for 18 months of that!).  I love this diaper pail! My favorite feature is that it doesn't require special refills--it can use any trash bag (we just use a tall kitchen trash bag).  My 3 1/2 year old still hasn't figured out how to open it, but it's easy enough for me to open quickly.  The only times I have had a problem with odors is if too many diapers are stuffed into the pail.  Even then, these odors can be minimized with a bit of baking soda sprinkled in the bottom of the pail.Although I debate the necessity of ANY diaper pail, this one receives 5 stars from me!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this pail before my son was born. First we bought the Safety 1st Odor-less pail, but it was broken, and the store was out of stock when we returned it. I read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.I love that it is so easy to use. My husband didn't even want a diaper pail because he didn't expect them to hold in any odors at all. Now that we have this one, he loves it. It's so easy to flip the lid and away goes the diaper. No twisting till your wrist breaks. At first we were using scented trashbags, but I've switched to grocery bags and they work just as well. I change the bag about once a week with either kind of bags. My son is now three months old and wears size 3 diapers. The only problem we've had is that if you don't close the diaper tapes they can stick and jam the pail. All in all it's been a great buy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have no doubt that my wife and I will be happy with the Diaper Champ (our first baby is due in two weeks).  But we have had to expend quite the effort to find one that actually works.  The first Diaper Champ that we bought had a  piston that would not drop (the plastic joint did not meet and thus caught the piston on its way down).  The replacement Diaper Champ's piston moved just fine but the drum would not flip over easily.  It took two hands and a foot securing the bottom of the can to the floor to get the drum to turn.  This is not one handed operation as the box states.  After a third trip to the store we finally found a Diaper Champ that works.  And you do not even need to ask.  Yes, it was made in China."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The diaper champ is such a great product.  I keep it in my baby's bedroom in a corner and it has never produced any foul odors.  I love that I can use regular trash bags with it.  I only have to empty the bag once every 2 weeks (since most of the diaper changes happen downstairs).  But, even going that long, it does not smell.  I would never use one that required refills, what is the sense in that when this one works perfectly?!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used this for 11 months and I love it. What we did was after the baby started having odor in his #2s we bought some of those diaper bags from dollar tree (100 for $1) and put the dirty diapers in those little bags. So easy! Never an odor problem. And I use regular kitchen garbage bags in it, so no special bags to buy.I did research when I was registering before the baby and looked at all of the other diaper pails and this one was the one that came out ahead. I am glad I researched it because I am very happy with it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink. of course you have to clean the whole thing out from time to time (which should be expected considering the toxic waste it stores!), but i never had any issues with smell, unless it was so full it had to be emptied anyway. what sold me on this diaper pail vs. the others, is that this one takes ANY plastic bag you want to put in it, meaning grocery bags, trash bags... nothing fancy. as a new mom (or new parent) you have enough things to worry about and spend your money on; last thing you need is to head to the store for diaper pail bags. no complaints from me on this diaper pail."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this product.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is b/c I use cloth diapers and diaper covers, and it doesn't have a whole lot of room for this type of diapers.  It lasts me about 2 days.... 3 if I really stretch it.It has no odor, other than when you open it, but that is inevitable.Infact, the Babies R Us in my area uses this product in their &quot;mother's room&quot;.  That seems to say alot!And the best part is that its cheapest over the long run... no special bags to buy... what a pain that seems to me.  I use plain old garbage bags... or even very large shopping bags.Great product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "ALL DIAPERS SMELL, no matter what you put them in, especially once your kid starts solid foods. Get over it. This pail is fantastic.  We use it for our dogs' poop bags, and line it with Ruffies scented trash bags (we use vanilla, they also have lavender, and they are cheap). There is no smell, except in the summer when it is hot (and that's only because the pail is outside on the back porch, the one we buy for the nursery will be inside in the air conditioning)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What I liked:  Contained the smell.  Ease of use.  Takes regular garbage bags (saves money!).  Great capacity (empty it out once in 7 days or so). Sturdy. Easy to clean - I wipe it down with Clorox wipes.What I didn't like: Not especially good-looking and at times the lid gets stuck in a certain position (could just be a problem with mine) hence the four stars.Would buy again though and do recommend it. (I have used the Diaper Genie at a friend's place - didn't like it)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We orignially registered for and received the Diaper Genie and had problems with it from the day our son came home from the hospital.  When he was three days old my husband took it back to the the store and announced that he was coming home with the Diaper Champ.  We LOVE it!!!  The fact that it uses regular garbage bags is a huge advantage and we have never had any problems with the smell. . .impressive considering some of the dirty diapers I have seen my son produce.  He is now six months old and the Champ works as well as it did when we purchased it.  In addition, it's very easy to use.  Just flip the handle and the diapers fall through to the bag.  Couldn't be simpler.  We love this product so much that when I see people at the store looking at the Diaper Genie vs. the Champ I will go up to them and tell them to select the Diaper Champ."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this diaper pail...you can use any trash bags...I like the variety that are colored and scented for a nice touch! It's so easy to use. I didn't have any problems with odors til my daughter got older than 12 months. Once she started eating more \"real\" foods, her diapers became much smellier. She's now 19 months and the Champ is still a Champ. We empty it a little more frequently now than we used to because of her smellier diapers, but I think it's a great product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this diaper pail. Yea, if you let poopy diapers sit in it for too long and don't change the bag on a regular basis it will start to stink but  c'mon its a bucket full of poopy diapers.As you child grows, or if you have older children watch out. The handle system fascinates  little ones and they find it amusing that they can put something in, flip it and it disappears,  which is good when it's a diaper, bad when it's,,, your keys."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After reading all the reviews on-line for this product I chose to register for it, now that I am using it I am disappointed.  I'm not sure if my sense of smell is just that of super hero's or my daughter has super smelly diapers.  Either way her room does have the smell of dirty diapers when you enter and the \"Champ\" is in the back corner of the room.  I guess I'm just grateful that the whole house doesn't smell as bad as her room."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This diaper pail is excellent. No odors have escaped the pail in 3 months.  I am very pleased with it.  I do have one word of caution: Make sure there are absolutley no diaper tape edges hanging loose when you flip the cylinder.  They can rip out the filter that keeps the odors inside.  Baby Trend will expect you to send the pail and the original receipt back to them for repairs if the filter comes out. I found that to be a joke since I got this as a gift for my shower (no receipt) and the repair would take six weeks (how I'll never know why).  Fortunately Babies R Us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.  Save yourself aggravation and make sure everything that goes down is bundled up neatly."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Someone told me not to get the Diaper Genie, but invest my money in the Champ.  What sold me on it is that the Champ uses ordinary garbage bags, nothing proprietary.  As my baby gets older and the poops get stinkier, we do have some odor problems, but we tend to cram the diaper bags as full as possible.  If we changed it every couple of days, there would probably not be an issue.  When we smell something, we change the bag; problem solved.  My only *real* problem with it is that, now that my son is walking, he likes to put things into the hole and turn the handle to watch them disappear.  I keep waiting for the day when he throws away something important and I don't catch it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This one is the best and a must have! Don't waste your time or money on the other ones.  The Diaper Genie is way too complicated.  It's a trash can so it should be simple.  I shouldn't have to read directions on how to use it!  This one is great because it is so easy to use, I never smell any odor, and it uses normal trash bags!  Why spend money on special trash bags?  I like the cheap roll of scented trash bags for like $2.00.  They work great and they are small so you can keep them in the nursery for quick and easy trash changes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We like it that this diaper pail uses regular garbage bags instead of specialty diaper pail inserts/liners.  The mechanism works well to dispose of the diapers and attempt to keep the smell isolated, but at a certain level of the room (usually nose-height when you're sitting on the floor) you can still smell poo.  It works well to bundle the diapers into compact little bundles and use the velcro to seal the bundles before you put it in the diaper hole.  Overall, we are very satisfied."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.  When it came down to it, I couldn't make myself spend the extra money for something that needed expensive refills. Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.  Let's face it, babies are expensive and whenever you can save $ you should!!!I buy a box of bags at Target that I use for the kitchen and the Diaper Champ and they cost less than ten dollars for over 100 bags.My only complaint is that it is hard to get the pail open at first to change the bags, but it gets easier over time as it loosens up and you get the hang of it!If I had it to do over again, I would still buy the Diaper Champ!  I think it is great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Works well as diaper pail, but it's awesome as a bathroom garbage can.  No mess, no smell. Very easy to replace garbage bags, you do not have to touch anything.Got it as a gift, and was very skeptical about it at first. (It's only 100ft to the garbage  shoot outside the apartment).  That opinion changed quickly after the first night I had to wake up to change diapers.It holds about 2 days of diapers so never get a chance to stink things up.  Besides you baby will probably poop only 1-2 times /day."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Diaper Champ has been wonderful in our home!! It locks away the smell so wonderfully that we purchased a second one for downstairs. I originally chose this one, because it doesn't use costly refills. The lid is quite heavy, so you do have to be careful of your fingers when changing the bags, but that's the only concern I've had with it. When you do open it to change the bags, you may want to do so outside. You'll quickly see just how well it locks the odors in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "THis is the only one I have ever used, and i have to say I LIKE IT! It is easy to use, i just put in a white trash bag and dumped the diaper down the shute. It holds a ton of daipers, and the smell is not bad at all. I did notice now that my daughter is 15 months her poop is stonger and i dont put those in there, due to the smell. But diapers with pee only do not smell at all. The only bad thing is you need to ensure you dont get #2 on the shute or if you do it will stick there. It is really easy to use, and doesn't take up a lot of space."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Diaper Champ came easy to assemble- only took 2 minutes to put together!  The design is simple, yet brilliant, and the odors are sealed inside the Diaper Champ until the bag needs to be changed.  Our baby's room never smells!  We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.  We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!  I used to work in a daycare and we had a diaper genie.  It was such a pain to use.  We all hated it.  The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.  And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.  It takes regular trash bags.  I generally put kitchen size bags in it, but you can use just about any size if you are in a pinch.  And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!  If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We just couldn't bring ourselves to buy a pail that required us to purchase extra refills.  This pail is great.  I do put really dirty diapers into a plastic shopping bag before putting it in the pail, to reduce the chance of nasty seepage and rub-off onto the chamber as the diaper is moved into the bottom.  It is not difficult to open, and the fact that it has a good clasp offers a sense of security for when our little girl starts pulling herself up on things, which will be soon (she's 8 months old).  We change the bag a couple of times a week, and the nursery smells fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love the Diaper Champ!  Everyone I knew had the Diaper Genie but had to buy expensive refills and did not like all the twisting involved.  After reading reviews of the Diaper Champ, I put it on my baby registry and I am glad I did.  It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.  Also, be sure the tabs on soiled diapers are secured to the diaper or they will get stuck up under the cylinder on the way down."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was quite pleased with this for the first 6 months. Now as my son's diet is changing, the odor of his bowl movements can no longer be contained. We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain. There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes). The problem is if the diaper bag gets too full it makes it really hard to pull out the diapers.Pros:- cheaper than alternatives- worked great the first 6 months- was able to use normal garbage bagsCons:- smells after 6 months- bad tapered design makes it hard to remove diapers"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this diaper pail as opposed to a Diaper Genie because I didn't want to have to purchase refills.  So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.  It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.  I also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the Diaper Champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile I just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.  I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought about getting the diaper genie at first but then did some research. This is the best for your money! Not only was it less expensive than most other diaper pails, it also works the best. The only time smell escapes from it is then you open it to take out the bag. I really love how you don't have to buy bags for it, and that it takes perfectly good trash bags. That will save you a bundle of money alone! It works really great for us and we wouldn't use anything else. I wish it would hold more diapers but I really can't complain. Don't buy anything else!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my hand-me-down Diaper Genie broke, I bought a Diaper Champ. I figured I'd save some money not having to buy the Diaper Genie refills. While I was happy about being able to use regular trash bags, that was all that really impressed me with the Diaper Champ.The odor protection of the Diaper Champ really leaves something to be desired. My son's room smelled very badly, even when I changed the pail every day.Changing the Diaper Champ really isn't a pleasant experience. Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine. Save your money and buy something other than the Diaper Champ the first time around."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Unlike the Diaper Genie, the Diaper Champ can be used for both disposable and cloth diapers. We have two of them since we mostly use cloth, but occasionally need to use a disposable. It's great, and very easy to use, but you do have to empty it a couple of times a week or you will get a little stink from all the rotting diapers. It's so easy to use, my 18 mo old daughter figured out how to flip it and started doing it for fun. She's now 2.5 and still loves to flip her training pants into the pail."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm not sure about this one.  In concept, it's a fabulous idea.  I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.  I just go to [the store] and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the Diaper Champ.  The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.  In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.  My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor...I'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.  If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have purchased this diaper pail four years ago [I was so disgusted with Diaper Genie we had at the time (not just wasting the money on the refills, but also the smell and having to push & twist was more than I wanted to deal with)].Diaper Champ was so much easier to operate! When my daughter turned one, she started disposing of her diapers herself and she never failed!We used regular grocery bags and changed them twice a week to avoid them getting too full and/or smelly. [We've discovered that regular shopping bags from Target are larger and sturdier than your average grocery bag and we're now using them with daughter #2, replacing them once a week]. We have NEVER had any problems with DiaperChamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001! It's virtually indestructible, easy to wash and operate, doesn't cost you any more money than you initially pay for it, and it DOES NOT SMELL!I would highly recommend this product to anyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We purchased the Diaper Champ instead of the Diaper Genie because we didn't want to buy special bags.  We have now used it for a year and it has been great!  We can use our regular garbage bags so the cost is very minimal and we don't have to worry about going out and buying those special bags like for the Diaper Genie.We use cloth diapers and it works really well for that.  We change the bag almost daily, as we have two in diapers and cloth diapers are bulkier.  When it gets hard to turn, it is time to change the bag!The Diaper champ really minimizes the odor and is very easy to clean up, we just wipe it with a soapy cloth and sometimes spray a little disinfectant to help with the smell.This is great and I would recommend it for everyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this diaper Champ. I got it as a shower gift and hadent heard of it before but when I started using it I had to tell all my friends. This will definatly be my gift of choice from now on to all my pregnant friends. As other reviews say the smell isnt that great when it gets full but its not that bad (I see it as a hint the bag is full and its time to change). I also spray the inside w/ febreeze or lysol disinfectant during each change and that nips the problem in the bud. Overall, Its one of those things that I cant live without but didnt know it until I got it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our son uses the babi italia pinehurst classic crib...bought the ultimate crib sheet for it but it doesn't fit the crib very well. It is good for backup use if my other regular sheets are in the wash though. It just has problems fitting around the big 4 corner crib rails so I am forced to attach the snaps on the regular rails instead which makes the sheet not be able to stretch to look completely flat.Today I just found another use out of it though after feeling that it was a waste to buy this. My son has been pulling up to stand and teething on the top side rails and actually made teeth marks with paint coming off! AH!  So I improvised and used this crib sheet to cover the top rail, it fit perfectly in length and snaps perfectly together to stay on.  It would have cost about the same price to buy an actual[...] rail cover so it works out.  He usually only teethes on 1 side too!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this based on good reviews in the Baby Bargains book, so I had high expectations. It does make it somewhat easier to change sheets in the middle of the night, but you still have to unsnap it from about 10 places on the crib to do so; I've also found the snaps a little difficult to engage. If you're not using crib bumpers, the look of all the elastic pieces on the crib slats isn't too attractive. I'm glad to have one of these, but it isn't the miracle sheet I hoped for."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Here's what I like about this product: it's easy to change, and it provides a leak-proof barrier between the baby and the mattress. Here's what I don't like: the snaps are not a great fit for my crib and sometimes come undone; one snap stopped working altogether; and the sheet wrinkles and is difficult to smooth out.All in all, the good outweighs the bad. The sheet is particularly handy for newborns who might leak during the night, requiring sheet changes when you're half asleep. I only use it now when I know he is prone to leaking, such as when he is between diaper sizes. Otherwise, I use regular sheets. Put it on your registry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's kind of weird to be putting a cover over your crib sheet (and never having to change the crib sheet), but these were a lifesaver after my daughter started leaking poop like crazy overnight.  Changing the crib sheet daily was NOT fun.After I got this, it got a bit easier.  It's not super fast to unsnap and snap on, but better than replacing the crib sheet (esp given I have a mobile that gets in the way of taking the mattress out).I have 3 of these so I don't have to immediately wash the dirty one.Only con is that the material seems a little rough.  Not as soft as the crib sheet fabric, unfortunately."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's a nice thick pad and seems comfortable enough to use in place of a sheet everyday, but it's too expensive for a sheet and because it has the rubber bottom, you can't really put it in the dryer without harming it. It takes a long time to hang dry. If it were less expensive, I'd get a few more. So I use it as a water proof pad and put a sheet over the top of it, but that takes away from the ease of putting it on the mattress, since It gets tucked in the fitted sheet."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using these sheets for 6 months.  I have two Ultimate Crib Sheets, and when my 6 month old has diaper leaks or blowouts while sleeping, I can easily switch to the new ultimate sheet.  They are machine washable and dryer safe, which I LOVE, considering I am doing baby laundry multiple times a week.  Putting regular sheets on crib mattresses is a huge hassle, so the Ultimate Crib Sheet is a huge help for middle of the night diaper leaks.  It takes me much less time to switch these out than to change the whole sheet.  I leave baby's cute sheets on the mattress and use this on top.Size: Both of mine shrank a tiny bit in the dryer, but it is not a problem at all.  They fit flat on top of a regular crib-size mattress.Material:  The top side is a breathable, soft cotton layer.  The bottom side has a soft, waterproof plastic feel."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The baby isn't here yet.  But we've bought a couple of these.  I'm a tad hesitant because they don't fit very well on our convertable crib.  They do give instuctions, saying to just use a slate next to the thickers corner one(for convertable cribs), but I find it fits very awkwardly.  However taking the whole crib apart(with the bumper being a huge deal, also to get on, considering the thick corner posts), it makes me want to cry to think I'd have to do this very often.  So, we'll give these a shot.  I may end up doing the zip on sheet set, which would work with any crib, and seems like a dream.  I've also heard great things about those.  I just didn't want to invest in that, if I could get away with these.  Will let you all know, if these turn out to be a disaster."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really wish that I had this when my son was a newborn and all those midnight crib cya gongs could have been avoided. This is a really great and easy to use product. It is definitely one of the first things that I recommend to parents and I'm glad that we will have it around for our second child. Make sure tha you buy a backup one or teo for those late night changings. This came in very handy when our 18 month old went through potty training and just for any other leakages or accidents that kids sometimes have.My only complaint was that when we washed these in the wash, some of the snaps would break off. also, on a side note, as cheap as these are from Amazon, I have also been able to find the same brand at TJMaxx and Marshalls for half the price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my son was a newborn, I was able to fold it in two and placed a blanket on top to make it a little more comfortable because it is kind of scratchy.  Now at four months it is at is full length and I still put a blanket on top of it.  Whenever he gets it wet I just take the blanket and the cover and wash it easily.  I don't have to mess with the fitted sheet and trying to get it off of the mattress which is so hard since they are so tightly fitted against the crib.  This makes life simple and cleaner.  You can use it anywhere."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "UPDATE: After washing them only a few times, the snaps have been falling off so this sheet is not very sturdy. I now call it a \"disposable sheet\" and would rate it only 3 stars if I was allowed to change the rating.My previous review:This sheet is a fantastic idea. Imagine waking up to feed your baby only to have them spit up and/or poop/pee on the bed sheet. Instead of taken apart the bumper to remove the mattress to change the sheet, all that is required is to unsnap the corners that secure sheet in place. Then you put another one on...the whole process will take you less than 5 minutes. I have three, one for the hamper, one on the crib, and one waiting to be used in case of a bed wetting!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The concept of this product is good, but I found the snaps extremely difficult to snap and unsnap (maybe they get easier with a little wear, but I haven't used it enough to see).  Therefore, I found it both quicker and easier just to take the mattress out all together and use fitted sheets (which are also more attractive).  I would only use this product if you have a mattress/crib set that have a fit making it extremely difficult to get the mattress out.  Seems like most crib mattresses slide out pretty easily, making this product pretty unnecessary."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are the only sheets I have ever used in my son's crib. I bought one regular sheet to cover the mattress, and I've never taken it off. I just use my Ultimate Crib Sheets. I have three; I would recommend that number. I can't imagine how much of a pain it would be to have to lift the crib mattress up to change sheets...this is just SO EASY snap, snap, snap and you're done!I never dry mine in the dryer. I hang it on a drying rack and it's usually dry after a few hours. I want mine to last, and using the dryer tends to wear them out. I've never not had one on hand, with 3 total."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought this looked wonderful in the store so I registered for a couple.  Afterwards I attempted to put a cute sheet and mattress pad in the crib... such a chore!  I started using these and haven't had to change the cute sheet since.  It's so easy to just snap on and not fuss with anything else.  It's a soft sheet on top, an absorbent layer in the middle, and a waterproof vinyl back so nothing leaks through.  I've changed it in the middle of the night in a couple minutes tops... it washes up great with my baby's normal laundry too!  I highly recommend these sheets."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this sheet!  I have 4 of them (2 for each child). It is super absorbent and stays in place! They are great for potty training accidents and for one unfortunate night with the stomach flu.  I used to wrestle with matress when changing the sheets but not anymore.  I have the pretty sheet that matches the bedding on the bottom and the crib sheet on top.  Now if there is a middle-of-the-night accident I just unsnap the cirb sheet, pull it off, and put a clean one in its place.  This is one a the gifts that I give at all baby showers because I think no Mom should be without at least 2 of these (you need a spare!)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The first time I went to change the crib sheet on my baby's crib I understood the importance of the Ultimate Crib Sheet!  It was given as a gift & I put one more on my registry after realizing I had to take the whole crib ensemble apart to change the sheet!  Now I change the sheet only occasionally & it is more for asthetics.  The Ultimate Cribe sheet snaps off & I put a clean one on - so easy & practical!  Save money on sheets & just get one or two decorative sheets & get at least 2 of these!!!Update at 7 mos (July04): I have survived VERY WELL with 2 of the Ultimate Crib Sheets - and boy when they start slithering around the crib & wetting through diapers & spitting up solids - you will be SO thankful to have this little dandy item!  Don't go without!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I absolutely love the idea of this crib sheet. After receiving one as a gift I immediately tried putting it in the crib. To my disappointment, the elastics at the corners will not fit around the wide posts of my crib. For those of you that have Italian made cribs (I have a Baby Italia), this sheet may not work for you either. This should come as no suprise since it is also harder to find crib bumpers that fit correctly too. Needless to say, if you have an Italian made crib, keep the packaging and the receipt. You may find that you'll have to try another brand."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Reality is...you don't have to have this, but it really helps simplify your life if you do.  You don't have to take off the crib bumper and lift the mattress to take off this crib sheet.  Instead, you just unsnap and place a clean one on top of the mattress.  I have a regular crib sheet under the Ultimate Crib Sheet for decorative purposes and in case he needs to be placed on it if my spare is dirty.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it's annoying to have to snap all of the straps prior to washing it and also because there is some shrinking that occurs after it's washed (Make sure you put it on the low setting in your dryer).  Also, they are expensive.  I have two of them and it's worked out just fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The strings ripped off when I tried to pull it off of the crib. I also didn't like the idea of this being on top of the mattress and crib sheets. So it might be a good idea if you don't have a great baby mattress or aren't into decorating the baby space. At first I thought this product was clever, but once I got it I realized how useless it was. It's so easy to take the crib sheet off of my baby's crib, so I really never needed this."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had bought this sheet on the recommendation of others from Babies R Us.  The snaps make it a breeze to change, I'm so glad I don't have to take the mattress out of the crib all the time!  The waterproof backing is great not just for the diaper leaks but also for the spit-ups.  The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the snaps don't fit exactly around my crib rungs so it's a little wrinkled and off center, but my baby doesn't seem to mind."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have never changed the sheet on my daughter's crib.  Instead, I have 2 ultimate crib sheets that I alternate between.  I can't tell you how awesome it's been.  In general, they're easier to change than regular crib sheets.  In a pinch (ie, diaper explosion or sick baby in the middle of the night), they make life SO much easier.  Just fold the sheet up to contain the mess, take it to the laundry room, snap the new one on, and you're good to go.I've read reviews that said they didn't like this sheet, but I love it.  You don't need any other mattress pad with it, either."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I played the game of frustration everytime I had to change a crib sheet......which became much more often after more blow outs and spitting up began!  I knew I wanted to keep the bumper and searched the internet to find a solution.  This was the first recommendation to pop up with rave reviews!  I tried one out and absolutely loved it! Changing sheets is a breeze!  They stay one very well too.  I liked it so much I ordered another to have as back up.  Highly recommended if you are done lifting that dang mattress up!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Summer Infant Ultimate Crib Sheet is a very useful product.  It protects the sheet, eliminating the need to change the crib sheet if there is diaper leakage or spitting up.  It goes on and off in seconds - so helpful to a Mom, especially in the middle of the night. It is large enough to cover the whole crib surface.  It seems to be waterproof and yet doesn't make the baby sweaty.My only concern would be that since it attaches to the crib rails, there is an outside chance a baby could loosen/undo a strap.I think it would be handy to have two of these to rotate them out.  I like it and would recommend it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Lifesaver for this middle of the might diaper leaks! It's always a pain to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night, but this makes it so much easier. I just put it on top of his regular sheet (which is over a waterproof mattress pad). He occasionally has a diaper leak. When he does, I simply unsnap the ultimate crib sheet (there are roughly 10 snaps to keep it in place) and let him sleep the rest of the night on his regular sheet. The snaps can be a little tricky to remove with one hand (say when you're holding a baby), but I generally start unsnapping while he is still in the crib."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my newborn was in her Co-Sleeper, changing wet bedding every morning was no big deal -- but a move to the crib meant a HUGE daily struggle to disassemble the bumper, manhandle the mattress and strip the sheet and mattress pad, then reverse the whole process after washing and drying. The Ultimate Crib Sheet is truly that: just undo a few snaps and toss it in the wash. It's soft and durable, and your expensive bedding and mattress pad stay fresh and dry. In hindsight, wish I'd had several of these on my registry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pad has worked well for my son. He is 3.5 years old and we are trying to potty train him through the night. It's nice not to have to wash an entire sheet and mattress pad every time he has a small accident. It has never leaked and it's been washed many times and still retains its waterproof quality. The only reason I took off one star is because it's a little stiff and he was resistant to having it on his bed at first. He got used to it and now it is working fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The method that I used for potty training had me completely throw away the diapers and didn't allow for pull ups.  (It worked well!)  About a month after we started my daughter had a string of accidents at night out of the blue.  I was constantly changing sheets and was tired of it, that is when I found this.  Turns out my daughter was sick at the time, but once I got two of these it was so easy to just move her and take this pad off to wash it instead of stripping and remaking the bed.  I wish I had known about this when I first started potty training (for nap time and bedtime).  It is also relatively small to pack if you are traveling somewhere and you are afraid of your child wetting the bed this is great for that too.  I now have this off of her bed again, but I can't say enough good stuff about this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this because it used regular trash bags and you don't have to worry about a huge long twisted snaky thing unraveling when you take it to the trash.  I've been using it almost a year.  I do use those cheap Bowl Fresh toilet deodorizers instead of ordering the disks.  I clip the hanger off and break it in half (while it's still in the plastic) and add half or both, just depends.  The deodorizers last about 1-2 months and it's cheap! I empty it about every 3 days and spray it down w/ Lysol before adding another bag.  Not had any stinky problems and this is in my hallway right by the familyroom. I do take it outside every month and give it a good cleaning w/ bleach and a garden hose."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My husband and I picked out this diaper pail when I was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags. That turned out to be the only perk of this diaper pail. The springs have been popping off since about the first month. My son is now 10 months old and recently one of the springs broke, which completely gets rid of the supposed &quot;odor-free&quot; feature (which I found wasn't exactly true either).  Now that we are expecting baby #2 I am going to have to buy another diaper pail to replace this one. My advice: Don't waste your money. It's just as efficient to throw your diapers in a regular trash can."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Yes, my spring broke as well... but looking on the brighter side: when my son is old enough to walk he won't be able to accidently press the spring button to release the pail cover... it's kind of an unexpected safety feature! And yes, you can still open it with one hand... your fingers are not glued to one another. Really, diapers will stink no matter what pail you use.... The covered pail is cheap and doesn't require buying refill bags (especially since we use cloth diapers)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really like this diaper pail.  It helps with odor control, but is certainly not odorless.  As if anything can disguise the odor of a poopy diaper.  I think that a diaper pail is a must in the nursery.  There are just too many diapers to not have one and an open garbage can or even a regular one is just too stinky.  This one has a lid that closes nicely to shut out odors.  It has a nice little compartment for odor disks to help manage odor.  It can be a bit of a hassle to empty and reload, but it only needs changing about every two days and since it fits regular kitchen bags, it is worth the money.  It isn't very expensive to begin with."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Bought this to keep my toddler from unplugging some important plugs (ie: tv, chest freezer, etc) It works very well and is extremely secure. I actually have a very tough time getting into this. The narrowness makes this not work for adapters or thick cords. And the two small openings at the bottom of the unit are for thinner or normal sized cords only. I had a hard time getting my thicker cords through (the surge protector and chest freezer cord). I actually broke the bottom section that separates for two cords off so the larger cords would go in more easily. When I did this I was actually only able to put one cord per cover. Recommend this just for thin plugs, no adapters. Good buy for the price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My little guy is very active and loves to get into trouble. We only have a couple items plugged into an outlet that isn't covered by furniture so I purchased these to make sure he couldn't pull the plug out of the wall and get shocked. They are wonderful and I feel much safer letting my little guy explore the house. Even though I am never too far away our let him out of sight he still manages to get into things. He is so fast and just a little distraction could be fatal. But I don't have to worry about the plugs anymore! One less worry and just the little bit of stress relief that makes this purchase very easy for me to recommend it to all parents."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Unfortunately you cannot tell from the picture, but this product is not well designed. It projects far out from the wall, and cannot accommodate any plugs larger than a two prong (meaning non grounded) table lamp cord. Anything like a power strip, laptop cord, etc, will not even be able to be plugged in because the casing blocks it. In addition, the slot to feed the cord through to exit the device is also very small and fits almost none of the electronics in my house. It also sits on top of the outlet cover, so there is no way to really secure it tightly and it can rotate a bit."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are fine for standard, thin power cords.  We have had one in place that the kids have never dislodged despite two years of trying.  But they will not close over the heavy, thick cords like those for microwaves, computers, or power bars.  We finally ended up attaching ours to the wall with duct tape to cover those cords.I am giving this three stars because it does work fairly well for thin cords, and because I have yet to see anything better out there.  My advice?  Invest in duct tape."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This things install quickly and easily if you're running standard cords (for lamps, etc.) though the holes.  If you want to run something thicker (like the wire on one of my power strips) I found I had to do a bit of modification to make it fit.  I ended up trimming the gap so it was larger on the backside plate and that did the trick.I think the ones I got are more than difficult enough to keep my son from opening them.  I'd consider them on the fence for an outlet that I'd want access to all the time, and someone with arthritis would probably want to stay away."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These were a complete hassle to pry apart just to install them.  My mom and I each held a side and pulled, but nothing.  I finally had to shove in the latches as far as I could to get them apart.  Since that seems to be the only way to take the cover off, I had to leave the latches pushed in, defeating the purpose of keeping kids from pulling them off.  Definitley something I would use as a permanent fixture.  It's too much of a hassle to take it off every time you need to plug something in.  I plugged in what I needed to and have not intention of switching them up."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I tried to use this power strip cover for about 2 months when our twin daughters were 8-10 months old. It was frustrating for my husband & I -- hard to get the power strip inside, hard to keep things plugged in, and too big to hide out of the babies view (not to mention that it's bulky and a bit ugly). For the babies, it became yet another interesting thing around the house that we had to wrestle from their hands. They were able to unplug the cords easily and were starting to reach their fingers into the top hole when I finally gave up on using it. Yes, the cover did keep the babies from actually touching the outlets in the power strip, but I could have accomplished the same thing with a couple of normal outlet covers.In the end, I rearranged our cords making the power strip & this cover unnecessary. It was just too annoying to keep using the cover."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this some time ago. I finally started using it last week. It was very difficult to figure out how to use. But, once I ready the instructions a few times I got it.  My 8 month old loves all electric cords. I needed something to protect her. For the past week this has been working.Only one side of it can I get a big 3 prong plug into it. I only need 2 openings to get in and out of so it hasn't presented itself as a major problem yet. I would purchase another one of these."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a perfect baby proofing tool.  The strip cover will cover most standard sized power strips.  There is a hole on the side for the power strip to plug into the outlet and a wide opening on top for it to connect to the devices plugged into it.  It is really easy to put together- just snap shut in 3 places.  It is also easy to adjust as there is a button on the side that allows you to slide it between different sizes.  Overall, best power strip cover I've seen."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Really? How could this possibly be useful? I saw somebody else post that the baby's hand can fit inside and I thought they were exaggerating. Really, I can reach my fingers in easily or poke a metal object through even easier. The baby's whole hand fits through the giant gap. Plus the thing is huge. Like almost as big as a shoe box. And really ugly. I don't know what we'll replace it with since the others don't sound better, but I know there is no point in decorating my living room with baby proofing for show. There's no way I could leave baby in there with this while I was out of the room, so I might as well just leave the cords as is."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's funny how many people have positively reviewed this. Yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well. What it doesn't actually do is effectively COVER the plugs! It's trivial for a small child to fit their entire hand in the rather large opening. In fact, I just plugged something in without having to remove the cover. If I can fit my hand in there, so can a child. And it doesn't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there. This product is, in a word, worthless.I recommend getting one of the power strips that has sliding covers on each of the individual outlets, or simply placing standard child-proof covers on the outlets of your existing power strip. But please don't use this product and think you are adequately protecting your child from shocks."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have two very busy almost two year old twins who were fascinated with the power strip in their playroom. This cover isn't the most attractive thing, but works. They cannot reach into it or access anything, (not sure what hole people are talking about), and have left it alone.  It's about the size of a one liter soda bottle, and slides together/apart to extend the length. It is tall enough, but not quite long enough to secure together firmly on our extra long power strip. It still works however, and is the best solution I've found. Would recommend."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This works pretty well to keep little hands from grabbing power strips. It also has the option of hanging it on the wall which I really like. The things I was not happy about was the quality of the plastic seems flimsy and also if you have to hook it on the last hole due to the size of your power strip it barely stays together. For our longest strip we had to duct tape around the entire device to make sure it stays together. Other than that it's a decent little contraption that does its job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This cover works well for my power strips -- all the ones in my house fit. Also, I like that it doesn't matter how big the plugs are that you have in the power strip, it holds them (those large converter plugs that won't fit is so many child proof products fit fine in this one.My child is 10 months and hasn't messed with these yet, so I can't say how they will hold up with a larger toddler. However, I was concerned she'd try to put her hand in the slot that cords come out of and that hasn't happened yet. You still have to manage how the cords coming out of this cover are child-proofed. There is some space to roll up excess slack and stuff it into the cover."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Many kids have been able to remove safety devices in less than 30 seconds.  It takes less than 5 minutes for a parent to leave the room to get something and return to find their child hanging from the cords...DEAD!!!  It is safer to spend the money and go CORDLESS!!!  But if you must keep your corded blinds, get the Fashion Wand (approved by PFWBS).  Go to Parents for Window Blind Safety (PFWBS) website and read all the testimonials of kids who died or were severely injured by blind cords.  Watch the videos they have of kids bypassing or breaking safety devices on cords in less than 30 seconds.  And then decide if you want to install a safety kit or remove the danger altogether."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have busy almost-two year old twins who are fascinated with the many window blinds in our house. I didn't want to spend a fortune, but needed a quick fix. These did the trick, easy to install, and keep the cords just out of their reach. They do pop off from time to time, but are easily replaced. I've purchased several different brands, and they are all about the same. I wouldn't spend extra money on ones that claim to do better than this type."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Although the design of these is to wind the cord shorter, when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer. I left a room for 30 seconds and came back to see that my son had pulled the cord down and had it wrapped around his neck. Terrifying. Although these do pop open easily, they most definitely did not pop open from the pressure of a child's neck which I find to be a SERIOUS design flaw. From a company named Safety 1st - back to the drawing board on these!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's pretty hard to find a great oven lock.  This one had terrible reviews, but was the kind we needed for our new oven (a side lock).  We've been using it for 9 months, and my toddler (who is now almost 2) seems quite safe.  She's pulled on the handle of the oven a few times (and we've told her \"no\", which she seems to accept most of the time) and the lock has stayed put.  She's tried to operate the lock a few times, and has not been successful at that either.  I can see a toddler who is very interested in the lock being able to figure it out, but she has been easily diverted from it.It's held up great, and I don't find it too cumbersome to lock/unlock it whenever I use the oven (which is pretty often - I cook a lot). I have no complaints."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These locks just cannot be beat.  They were featured on HGTV to baby-proof your house which is how I found out about them in the first place.  They cannot be opened at ALL by the child, unlike many of the other items out there.  You have to not only have the key to open the door, you have to know how to manipulate it to open.  If you have chemicals that you have store within a child's reach, there is no other better way than this lock to make SURE that child is safe.  I feel very blessed that I found out these locks exist because my little one is extremely curious and figures out EVERYTHING! Trust me, you won't be disappointed.  Regarding the installation, my husband is not a handyman - he's a musician and if he can figure it out, so can just about anyone else.  Buy them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product is great.  It's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).  If you take your time, ready the instructions, plan it out, and execute; it works great.  You have to be patient.  Each door took me 5 to 10 minutes.  In less than 1 hour I was able to unpack, read instructions, plan, get my tools, and have it done in 4 doors.  I think it won't work with hollow doors or maybe doors that are too thick but mine were pretty standard.I love how it's hidden and pretty sturdy due to having a bunch of screws holding it.  The adhesive ones are easy to install but I bet my son would open them in no time."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After many years of fighting traditional cheap plastic child safety locks (we have a cat that likes to get into things too) and seeing our son still manage to pinch his fingers in doors (better than getting at chemicals or whatever, but still!), our pediatrician recommended these to us.  They were easy to install, and he can't get the doors open at all, so no pinched fingers or getting at something he shouldn't.  They also have a mechanism to keep the lock in the open position, like if you need to get in a cabinet a lot, or the kids are older and you don't need them anymore.  I would however recommend keeping an extra key around in case one gets lost, or locked in a cabinet by accident."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is simply a great product.  It is installed inside the cabinet so there is nothing to see from the front.  The newer models work even easier than the original ones we purchased years ago.  They open easily when the magnet is put near (don't even need to touch the cabinet door).  We use these in several places over the house and love the convenience, but piece of mind it gives.  They are also pretty strong - our 3 1/2 year old pulls and tries to open sometimes and has not broken or pulled open any drawer.NOTE - The old version needed a drill to make a small hole on the lock which sits inside the door, but the newer ones like this no longer require that hole to be made. These work better and are easier to install - just need a screwdriver and a few minutes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was a product that I used when I worked in child care and I always liked the fact that it is &#34;invisible&#34; and is not an obvious eye-sore on your cabinets. But when I tried to install on my sink cabinet, one side worked like a charm and the other side just won't work. I can find no discernible reason for this and it is very frustrating. The two parts line up fine, but they won't latch. And the two cabinet sides were installed what seems like identically to me, but apparently not. In my opinion, it shouldn't be this difficult to make accurate measurements to ensure that the product will work. It might just be my cabinets, but they are not anything crazy or out of the ordinary. I am frustrated that I will have to drill more holes into my cabinet and there is no guarantee that it will work!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am opening a home daycare and these are some of the only locks that are approved by the state of Washington. I really like the fact that they can be unlocked for long periods of time, so when I am working in the kitchen I can leave them unlocked and then quickly lock them again. They are really not hard to install, I watched a video on You Tube that showed how to install them and then went and did it.I am going to recommend these to people I know. I really think they would be great for grandparents or anyone who has young kids visiting often because you can turn them off when the kids are not there, most other child locks do not have that feature."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really love this set of clippers. After trying many different brands and styles - this is the one that we love. The blades are dull enough that they do not clip skin but sharp enough to cut sharp little nails. My baby's grow quickly so these clippers are used often. I like that the grip it small enough to fit in my hand easily but not too big to make me clumsy.I love the grip, that it moves with me and keeps me stable so that I only clip nails. It will not work for big people nails, which is nice - it means I can always find it when I need!I highly recommend these clippers to caregivers of infants and toddlers. Hands down my favorite clippers - perfect on the pocketbook too!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received a different nail clipper as a baby shower gift. It had a plastic cover over the top of the cutting end of the clipper, similar to this one, but with a plain white handle instead of the cute bumble bee:Sassy: Bumble Bee Nail Clippers. It was terrible. I couldn't see my baby's finger nails at all and it wasn't sharp enough.Then I used this Safety 1st Nail Clipper at my mother's house. It was so much easier to use than the other one. The size is perfect for her little fingers. I could easily see my baby's nails and clip them without fear of cutting her. The handle fits nicely in my hand. And the blade is sharp enough to cut the nail off in one clip. I bought one for myself and it's the only one I'll use now."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We had the Summer Infant clippers first.  They came in a two-pack, with a smaller clipper and a larger clipper.  Neither one worked well.  The larger of the two didn't work at all.  These Safety First clippers cut every time.  For those of you who know how difficult it can be to clip a baby's nails, you also know how frustrating it can be to finally get the clipper positioned right and then have it not cut.  AAAAARRRRGGGHHHH!These work every time."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is baby nail clipper #4 that we've tried, and our search is finally over.  It's sharp enough to cut nails on the first try and the white bulb is pretty comfortable to hold.  What more do you need in a pair of baby nail clippers?The losers:- Safety 1st model 49539 (has the holder for emery boards) - the grip is comfortable but the clippers are blunt and therefore useless.  The emery board is useful.- Dubon baby nail clipper (the kind that you wear on your finger like a ring) - has the safety guard so you don't catch the baby's skin in the clippers, but that makes it almost impossible to clip the actual nail.  Plus, it's not sharp and therefore worthless.- Nuby infant nail clipper - not bad in terms of sharpness, but something about the way it's designed makes it really difficult to get at the baby's nails.Search ends here, thank goodness!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When I bought this item, I thought this was a really clever way to take a baby's temperature.  I use this thermometer only on occasion.  It's convenient, but it requires about 3 minutes before a final temperature is reached.  It requires that your baby keep it in his mouth for that long.  It's getting harder for my baby to accept this \"pacifier\", now that she is on the larger, 6-month-plus sized pacifiers.  Also, check with your doctor about how to take accurate readings: our pediatrician said that a rectal thermometer was the most accurate for the early weeks of her life."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My baby is two years old now and he loves his pacifiers. I bought this when I was pregnant because I thought it would be a brilliant way to measure a babys temperature but I was wrong... As a new mom I was wrong about a number of things... this was one of them. No baby is going to keep a pacifier in his mouth long enough to actually get the temperature measured if it is not his (her) pacifier that he (she) loves and always uses. Any baby will identify this as a strange object and spit it out immediately, its too heavy. Especially if the baby is not feeling well. Don't buy this. Get a real thermometer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am sorry I bought this tub.  It is very uncomfortable for my daughter.  Used it since she was about 3 weeks old.  I have to place a towel behind her head b/c the hard plastic is at such a sharp angle it's uncomfortable.  Also, there is a part where she got her foot stuck and she screamed with pain!  It's way too small.  She's now 4.5 mos and I'm throwing it away b/c she is practically flipping out of it.  And the plug is waaaaay too hard to plug -  it's an enormous effort to plug it each time.I've switched to the First Years infant to toddler tub and it is way bigger, nicer, more comfortable, and it has no areas to pinch fingers or toes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This tub has proven very handy.  My son got his first bath in it at only 3 days old.  I admit, that was a little tricky.  However, in no time we had it down and I was able to bathe him easily anywhere.  Usually we take the bath on his bedroom floor.  I like the portability and the fact that it can fold up and fit under the bathroom counter, since his bathroom is also the guest bathroom.  I also like the little section in the front.  That's where I put the soapy water.  It's easy to rinse him off with a little watering can.  The tub has been great, but now that my son is 17 lbs. it's getting small.  I will be looking for another bath aid soon, but I'll miss this handy tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My mom got this tub for my daughter right after she was born.  We have used it since she was able to take a bath, and she's 4 months old.  I liked that it could be folded, but I never actually put it away unless we have company since I use it daily.  It does leak at the hinges.  My daughter is very comfortable in it.  Since she was born in the winter, I gave her a bath in the bathroom so that I could get it really warm.  It does fit in the kitchen sink though.  I still give her her bath in the bathroom, and just sit her tub in the big tub.  It uses less water, her head is elevated, and she's a little higher.  She hasn't outgrown it yet, and has plenty of room. It is a great tub, and a great price!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this as a shower gift. The first time I used the tub my baby kept slipping around in the tub. She wound up sideways in it during the entire bath and I never used it again. I would just as soon put her into the bathtub and put a couple of inches of water into the tub and bathe my baby that way rather than put her into this contraption. I am a RN and quite used to giving baths in different settings so it is not inexperience talking here. I currently put her on the safer bather (read my review) or put her in the tub alone. Baby loves bathtime and is 6 months old.Lets just say that this tub is downstairs with the rest of the lawnsale stuff for this year....."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used this tub with my 1st son almost 4 years ago and now I bought a new one for my 2nd son born this year.  Living in an apartment, this tub is great for small spaces.  I use it in the big tub and when I am done, I just rinse it and leave it to dry.  When dried, I fold it and put it in the cabinet.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because I had to buy a sponge to use on top of this in order to keep my son from slipping.  But considering it folds for storage, that was not a big issue.  It's a great tub otherwise."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had ordered a different tub for my shower but never received it.  I had my baby so I picked up this tub last week.  However I could not figure out how to use the sling alone for my 1 week old infant.  It appears that you have to hold her head up while in the sling which leaves you with only 1 hand to bathe her with.  But anyone with an infant knows that they kick and squirm and I found it very hard to use.  I tried to snap it into the tub for the 2nd stage (thinking better support) and I could not get it to fit!Much easier to sponge bathe a new baby on a contoured changing pad.  I'm thinking of returning and going for the EuroTub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I looked everywhere for a tub without all the grooves for baby's body - I wanted something that would submerge nicely from the neck down and this looked like it would do the trick. Unfortunately, it doesn't hold any water to submerge anything than perhaps the feet. Leaks horribly, bulky - we gave up, returned it, and now we just bath with baby. Nothing works better than you own hands on your slippery baby anyway, and you can avoid sore knees from bathroom tile and stiff back from bending over the tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Being the excited new mom I opened this to get a feel for it and see how it would fit in our home and almost cut my finger sliding it open! I was shocked and then thought if I have not even used it and it does this I do not want! Plus if it did this to me then what about when I am washing my child. And I read all the instructions before attempting to play with it so I could do it correctly. Right back in the box and I drove back to the store the same day....got another brand...."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this tub because I thought it is very cool and so multi-functional.After the baby was born and passed his stage of dry bath, I found this tub is not very easy to use.  My husband and I coudln't solve the leaking issue.  It also difficult for me to expand or close the tub.The sling is not very good, either.I tried to use this tub for 3 times and returned it.  I got Sure Comfort Deluxe instead.  I think Sure Comfort Deluxe is a much better choice for new born.  It is very easy to put over my sink.  The green net comes with the tub is easy to use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's been 5 months aleady and we've had no troubles at all.  It leaked the first time we used it because I didn't snap the locks into place all the way. My boys are quite big for their age, and they love to kick their legs and splash around. There is plenty of room for that.  In the beginning I put the tub on my bathroom counter, but when they started splashing water all over the place, I put this tub in our regular bath. I don't use the sling anymore, but it wasn't a problem when we did."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this bath tub and recieved it as a shower gift. Everything on the tub works well. My son does slide down the sling and I do have to put him back. But I don't think it's possible for that not to happen because he's so actively moving the whole time. I've never had a problem with it leaking. The suction cups do get stuck on very hard and I really have to pull to get it up so much that I pulled one suction cup off last time(It went back on very easily). But theres a reason they stick so much to keep my son safe. So I am glad to have this tub and would recommend it over all the others."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I pressed and clicked the correct spot like it said in the directions and yet it still leaks. This was a problem because i used it on the kitchen counters for the first week. I had to put towels under it to absorb all the water. So i moved it upstairs to the bathtub and this way i don't have to worry about all the leaks. Really, who wants a tub that leaks???? My daughter is not yet sitting up on her own and yet she is too long to be reclined comfortably in this tub....so we are in an awkward transition phase. a phase that this tub doesn't suitably deal with. I wouldn't buy this tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It leaks every time I use it. It's impossible to snap back together if by some miracle you can change the size.  I have to put towels underneath the tub to collect all the water that leaks out of it.  I love the sling, but I am tempted to beat the tub with a hammer just to take out my frustrations with it.  If I could get down on the floor and bathe my son in the big tub with this tub inside, it would probably be easier (but I don't think my knees would appreciate it.  I received this as a gift and didn't check the reviews before using, I should have.  I am currently looking for another solution to this piece of junk.  Buy at your own risk."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "this tub leaks - i had to put it in my bath tub to use it, which really hurt my back and made me nervous when taking my daughter out of the tub and trying to stand up.  couldnt use it on a kitchen counter unless i wanted everything to get wet.doesnt open and close very easily -  i gave myself more than one bruise (due to pinched skin) when trying to open and close it.  also, by the time your child can sit up in this might as well put them in the big tub..my daughter slipped and slid all over when we tried to sit her up.too short - by the time she was 4 months, she was too long for this tub and would kick the sides.i had regisered for the eurotub, but rec'd this.  preferred the euortub by far!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Great product for our little one.  We put the baby tub in the big bath tub and our little one loves to take baths.  The first time we used it I had a hard time locking it but once I got it locked there were no problems.  I like the whole set up especially teh suction cups so it doesnt slide around, the sling to keep the baby laying on an incline is great too the perfect height to keep the baby happy.  It also has a removable bath ring, that she will be using when she can sit on her own."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Not sure why this got bad reviews.  There is a slight issue with locking the tub in the expanded position, if you don't snap it in right, it will leak.  But once we figured that out we had no problems.  We used the product starting at about 8 weeks when our son outgrew the sink but was too tiny for the tub and we stuck this tub right on our countertop for months with no problem.  Now we use it in our regular tub and it saves us from having to waste a tubful of water for one tiny person to bathe.  Our son is now almost one and he still loves this tub, great value!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this tub as a gift at my baby shower.  I looked at it and thought what a great idea for a tub.  Wrong!!  First of all, the tub leaks.  You cannot let go of the baby for one second beacause they will slide.  My son absolutely hated bath time until I bought the seat that sits in the bath tub and now he is happy.  The sides of the ramp are hard and if they move there head to quickly they could hurt themselves.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i was surprised to read all those negative reviews regarding this tub.  i had two different tubs before, and i got this one when my daughter was 5 months old, she's now one year old and still uses it.  granted, i never tried to fold it since those few inches don't seem to make much of a difference storagewise, so i don't know if its difficult to do.  i've had absolutetly no leaks with this tub, and the suction cups still work great.  the bathring works great, and can be moved out of the way when baby is old enough to sit alone.  although i still use the bathring so my daughter cant stand up all the time.  it's been 7  months with this tub, and nothing ever broke, or got worn.  i think this tub is great!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We registered for this tub, before doing any research.  Big mistake.  As a newborn, I used the sling to bathe my son.  As he got bigger, I put the sling into the tub (2nd way of the 4-1 system).  Bath time became a pain.  My son kept sliding down, even with one hand on him at all times.  He didn't really seem to enjoy it either.  Finally, after reading great online reviews I bought the Eurobath.  LOVE IT!!!!!  From day one my son had a great time in his new (huge) tub.  He fits securely into the reclined side of the tub, with no slipping.  He is comfortable and there is enough water around him to keep him warm and for him to splash.  We've had it over a month, I highly recommend the Eurobath over this bath tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought 2 of these, and used them to block off the computer desk from the rest of the family room, and to block off the 7' wide archway between the kitchen and the rest of the house. We soon found that while these are very sturdy and adaptable, they are tall enough that they are a hassle to step over. At least once a week, my husband or I will catch a toe or scrape a shin stepping over. So if you intend to use this fence as a corral, either indoors or out, this is a Great Buy. If you are planning to use it as a fence to block off a wide opening, pay the extra money for the metal version with the gate. you (and your toes) will be much happier."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When our son started rolling into chairs, we knew we needed something to keep him safe.  This play yard fits great in our living room, yet there's plenty of room for him to roll around in all directions.  Also, I like that it's see-thru.  You can see  your baby (and he can see you) from across the room.  I don't care that it's not the most attractive thing.  It was affordable and it does the job.  And when our son starts crawling, we can completely close it and know that he won't be able to sneak off.  One suggestion I would make to the manufacturer though would be to pad or provide padding around the bottom, about six inches high.  My son falls asleep with his head on the edge all the time (NOT very comfortable), and when I move him away from it, he wakes up.  It'd be nice to not have to move him."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a stay-at-home mom's lifesaver!As my little boy (now 9 months) has become moremobile, this product has helped tremendously.It has broadened his world but in an enclosed space.We keep his play yard in a corner within the superyard, in the children's playroom.He never gets tired of it. He can play with his toys,while I check my email, do the laundry and watch him at the same time. He loves it!He can crawl or cruise within his area and can see me whilehe plays. It's great that you can adjust the individual pieces.I recommend buying the extra parts to have a larger space for baby to roam in. It never hurts to have extra, in case one breaks. Great product! We have great fun playing in it together!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was initially given this product as a gift for my 9 pound chihuahua. It's great in the sense that it contains him very well. He is very active and likes to jump very high, but he can not jump over the gate. He tries to push the gate in attempt to escape but the gate does not move. The gate is high enough so that he can not jump over. It contains his crate, wee-wee pad and food bowl with plenty of room for him to play around in. I bought a second one to use as a gate to keep him from going up our stairs. Very sturdy product and we plan on using this also when we have kids. One drawback is the gate is a little difficult to open at times in case you want to just walk in. But I guess that is the good thing also so who ever you have inside can't get out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was great for helping me keep an eye on my little one while I worked. I was working from home, and most days I was upstairs and on the computer. Once she could crawl, she started crawling toward everything dangerous. The litter box, the stairs, plugs, you name it, she found a way to get to it. I bought this and it was great! We even purchased the extension kit, so she basically had the whole room, yet was contained. My oldest son even liked to get in with her to play so she was never &quot;lonely&quot;.I also used this outdoors a lot during summer months. My family is big on campfires and cookouts and this was a great way to ensure her safety, yet not have her confined to a play pen!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got our twin boys this Mozart Magic Cube for Christmas, when they were 6 months old.  We liked everything about it...except that it was TOO LOUD!  I've actually been amazed at the number of baby toys that are annoyingly loud.  Some to the point that they made our babies cry (like this one).  I've actually had to place duct tape over speaker holes on numerous things such as mobiles, play gyms, and an activity table because otherwise those products are great, just loud.  But therein lies the problem with this toy - there is no obvious speaker hole on it.  It's as if the annoyingly loud music emanates from every crevice.  Which is why it has been put away since Christmas.  Now that the boys are 9.5 months I may try to bring it out again and see if they will tolerate it.  If not I'll just sell this overpriced piece of plastic at my MOMs Resale next month."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this for my 4-month old son. He is very fussy baby but when I played the music on this cube, he loved it. The best sounds he liked were the flute, piano and the Orchestra. The Best thing about this Music cube is that you can play one instrument at a time and then the final orchestra one to kind of show the music-mix.I believe it will help develop my baby's musical skills.Cons: The battery didn't last long. We used it for 30 days, for about 10 min each day and the battery died down!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 6 month old LOVES this toy!I was thrilled when he went for it immediately in his playpen and was tap, tap, tapping the buttons - he knew the music should come from this tapping, but I had turned it off!  I do think the on-off switch is a blessing for the parents.  But the music is really pleasant, unlike so many toys.Of course the music is electronic, and I think that would be my only complaint.  I'm a very amateur violinist and would like the violin button to truly sound like strings but instead it's very electronic.However, the piano and French horn are quite good facsimiles.Research tells us that early introduction of classical music to children aids in their developing cognitive abilities.  This is a great way to make music fun for kids and I think all would enjoy this toy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this as a baby shower gift and my son has loved it since he was about 3 months old.  At first, he was fascinated with looking at the lights and hearing the music.  But as he got older, he learned how to play with it more.  He is now almost 18 months and he knows which songs he likes over other ones.  He will hit the blue button multiple times till he gets to the song he wants to hear.  I love that he loves this toy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I know it says that this is for older babies but my daughter loves looking at the blinking lights and listening to the music. A piece of advice: it took me a little while to figure out that you had to press the orchestra button a few times to change the song. Before I figured this out, the same song was driving me crazy! The only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it does not have a volume control button. It is quite loud and I sometimes wish I can make it lower."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great transitional toy. We've had it since my son was tiny - as an infant, he liked to look at the lights and colors. At 18 months, he dances to the music and loves pressing the buttons. I don't think he fully gets the concept of adding and removing instruments to the orchestra yet, so once he figures that out, we'll have many more months of fun with the music cube. The music is pleasant - my only complaint is that it only has one volume setting.One word of caution, if you have a climber - this toy makes a great stepping stool for toddlers who like to climb out of their cribs. :)We love the music cube - highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This toy inspires me. I messed with it constantly when my son was an infant and too young to understand how to add and subtract instruments from the full orchestra sound. Now he gets the full functionality of the toy. It lasts for years, offering various entertainments to various ages of kids. Classical music is awesome for babies and little ones, so we love this. Warning, it's very heavy. Don't put it in your backpack when traveling to grandma's (we learned this lesson). The rubberized bumpers on the corners are fantastic for safety. We're never giving away this adorable musical toy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My husband, son and I all LOVE this toy. My niece had it before, so I knew it was a must-have with my little guy already. I love that he (1 year old) can be exposed to fun classical music with a toy that engages him. He loves that it all lights up (when the buttons on any side are pressed) and he has fun pressing the buttons on the different sides and seeing and hearing the difference it makes (pressing one side engages or unengages the instrument during the song).  An added BIG PLUS for parents - it does have an \"off\" switch. :)  SO key, even for those of us who appreciate the value and fun of noisy kiddo toys... there is still a time/place for quiet.Great, fun toy. :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The fabulous Munhkin Mozart Magic Cube was given to our friend's daughter when she was an infant. From a very early age, we watched in amazement as she responded to the sounds of the music, obviously recognizing changes. We could see the pleasure on her face. As time went on, she played with the toy herself and was constantly drawn to it.There was always a limited assortment of toys for her to explore on the living room floor. She loved to play with some more than others. However, she was always constantly drawn back to this -- the sounds of the music from different instruments was a great source of fascination.As she gets older, the way that she handles Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube becomes more selective and sophisticated. This is one of the best toys we have ever seen to develop delight in music!She is beginning to talk now, and I feel certain that her first words will be, \"GET ME A HARPSICHORD NOW!!\"Love it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item has been a life saver for me!  Not only does my child love it but it's the only thing I can distract him with while dressing him (he apparently HATES putting sweaters on). I can hit one of the sides and instantly get flashing lights and music while I try to squeeze a sweater over my child's head. My child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.  The music is good and there are a lot of different choices."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Fine toy, nice sound.  Much better than most other musical toys.  But I can't give it to my son yet as I can't seem to get these damned wires from the packaging out of the toy.  They are threaded through these tiny holes in the product and I haven't yet gone out to get pliers as someone else suggested.  You shouldn't need pliers to free a toy from its packaging.  Obviously the manufacturer didn't receive the memo that we are pushing for frustration free packaging. I even took out the screws that access the battery pack (which I am quite impressed with as well), hoping to access where the wires are stuck.  No luck.  If they just used regular string, it would easily come out, but these plastic coated wires are too stiff to pull through in the manner that they have put them."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great toy.  My 7 month old daughter loves it and so do many of my musician friends.  There is one significant flaw in its design; this is that the volume is not adjustable and it is too loud.  If it were 1/2 this loud, I'd let me daughter play with it all the time.  As it is, I usually limit her to playing with it with me, so I can hold it away from her head/ears.Due to the too loud volume, I'm giving it a 4 star review, instead of 5.  Otherwise, it is a great, great product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this toy for babies. They have so much fun rolling it and hitting the big buttons to make beautiful music. I love the bouncy ball style corners to keep baby from injuring himself. I love the classical music that does not sound like your typical synthetic baby music. However, I not only have a baby, but two toddlers. This is a heavy toy. It hurts (a lot) when thrown by toddlers. (It does stand up to the beating, so that is a plus.) It also seems to attract use as a step stool since it is a cube & has resulted in quite a few falls. Take this toy away when they are toddlers! And if you have both a baby and a toddler, don't let either play with this toy! It just doesn't make for a very good combination."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The musical sounds don't sound like the real instruments, they just sound like a cheap toy. Also, I thought each instrument would play its own melody, how it would in a real orchestra. For example, the horn would play the background, the flute a lighter melody, then all the instruments would combine to create the true melody when the orchestra button is pressed. But really, each button plays exactly the same notes except with a different instrument.  I was really disappointed, and my daughter prefers the music buttons from her Tiny Love Activity Center. The ones on that toy are really neat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Too loud. Too hard. Buttons don't depress easily or distinctly. My 6 month old has fallen headfirst onto the cube and has cut her forehead and chin and jaw on the hard(!) unpadded edges. The corners have sufficient covers but why not the edges between corners??? Buttons require too much strength to push for a 6 month old. She can sometimes manage it her feet if cube is braced against other object. Definitely NOT for under 1 year olds. Battery replacement requires screwdriver.Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This toy keeps my 4-month old's attention for a while - she really seems to like the flashing lights as the music plays.I only wish there was a volume button on it - it seems a bit loud to me (and if it seems loud to me wouldn't it seem loud to the baby as well?), and I wish it weren't quite so heavy.  It will be a long time before my baby will be able to turn the cube or pick it up, for now it just sits on the floor between her legs and she's able to hit the buttons that are facing up/out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 4 year old son spotted this toy while we were out shopping for my 4 month old daughter. He couldn't help but play with this in the store and I thought that since my baby loves music so much she would probably enjoy this. I was a little put off by the price. (I paid a bit more than it is here) but it was worth it! My daughter was totally fascinated by the flashing lights and music and I even found myself and my son playing with it together! I'm sure as she gets older, she will really enjoy how interactive it is. Such a cool toy. And the best part? Unlike many other toys that make noise, this one is not annoying at all! The instruments sound so realistic that it's enjoyable to listen to. I would recommend this and will probably give as a baby gift in the future."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Got this as a gift when baby was 5 months. He liked mouthing the somewhat soft corners and I played it for him. He now plays it himself (13 months). I do not think he gets he can turn off and on each instrument but I suppose that will come. The quality of music is very good, not mechanically computerized like some toys. It has five or so songs and you can turn off and on each instrument. That is pretty neat. Baby likes it. The only problem is that there is no volume control. Batteries last a pretty long time in it. The songs are nice too, jazzy and complex enough to be interesting. It seems really tough. It has withstood some hard knocks. It has a very solid feel, which worried me at first because I was afraid baby would hurt himself face-planting into it, but no injuries. The corners are rounded and slightly rubbery. It's kind of heavy so just now has baby really been able to haul it around."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had high hopes for this item based on other reviews, but it was a huge letdown.  It plays one tune with different instruments, and it is too loud for a baby.  With a music background, I really want to expose my son to beautiful, classical music.  This is not the item to do that with.  I will keep looking for other musical toys with more variety and sophistication.Update:  This is still my least favorite toy, mainly due to the volume.  I wish I could turn it down.  Thanks to a helpful comment, I did manage to play all the tunes and felt fairly silly not reading the directions beforehand.  I sill stick with my original rating, though.  There are just so many better toys out there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I always read reviews on this website and the Babies R Us site before buying a product. This product got great reviews so I bought it - I was not disappointed.I bought this for my son when he was about 4 months old. The music and flashing lights immediately captured his attention and, as he grew, he played with it more and more. I keep it in his playpen and it's easily his favorite toy (besides his exersaucer and jumperoo). It keeps him entertained longer than other toys.I like that it's easily washable and has soft rubber-like corners (so, if baby falls on it, no sharp or hard corners to scratch himself on).I also think the music is nice - nothing too annoying like a lot of toys out there. And, with the click of the \"Orchestra\" side, the song changes.So glad I bought this!Update 6/10: My son will be 12 months old this weekend and he STILL loves his Mozart Cube!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Based on the myriad of reviews here, I purchased this toy when my triplets were several months old.  To be honest, they did not care for or notice it until they were closer to 8 or 9 months.  At that point, they realized they could start and stop the music by hitting at it.  All of a sudden, they took great interest in it.  It was also excellent when they were just learning to sit unassisted.  They could lean forward and balance on the cube while playing at the same time.Now that they have \"figured\" it out, the toy is a little less appealing.  I am waiting for the next enjoyment phase to kick in when they start noticing and playing with the different instruments.My only complaint, and it is a minor one, is that battery life is shorter than I would have expected.  While not bad, it seems to slow down more quickly than our other battery operated toys."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like this seat mostly because Elmo seems to have magical powers over little ones!  If your kid is like mine, however, and likes to sit on the potty \"unproductively\" you might want to consider something a little more comfortable.  The plastic frame that the cushion sits on has a rim around the inside.  While your child is sitting, the fairly cheaply made cushion settles down and your child's butt is now resting on the edge of the hard plastic.  Our daughter would always get up and complain about her butt hurting.  Depending on what kind of toilet seat you have, it also has a tendency to slip around.  I had to put some non-skid pads on the bottom so that it wouldn't fall into the toilet with a toddler's wiggling around.  You could end up with pinched fingers or a soaked tot."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This does fit on an elongated toilet seat, but it slides around. It wouldn't dump my kid in or anything, but the slipping might startle a child. I may see if I can find some sort of anti-slip stickers. I did not bother with the splash guard, I just threw it out. It looked flimsy and unnecessary. My daughter loves the SpongeBob theme. I'm not so fond of the vinyl seat, as my daughter's hiney sticks to it and is a little uncomfortable when she gets up. But, it's cheap enough and serves its purpose - allowing my daughter to sit on the big potty without falling in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got two of these for relatively cheap. In concept, it's great. We have one at our house and it fits all of the toilets (we have 2 toto toilets, one Kohler and one other brand (not sure which) and it fits fine). My in laws have one at their house that we leave there and their toilets are round seats (Kohler and American Standard). We've never had any fit problems.The problem is the design. Pee trickles between the plastic and the cushion and pools there. Even if you clean it regularly, it smells NASTY. If you forget to clean it, next time you pick it up, the nasty pee drips everywhere.I am in the process of ordering a different one so that I can get rid of this one. Gross."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this product because it was advertised to have a built-in splash shield, which many don't. I specifically researched and looked for one with that for my little girl. It says it has one and the picture shows it. However, the actual product does not have one. I opened the package, thinking it might be inside the wrapping,but no, it wasn't. Now, I'm out $15 and still have to look for another one.Two days later: I am adding this note on and raising my rating from one star to four stars. After I wrote the above review, amazon contacted me within 24 hours and offered me a refund, even if I wanted to keep the item. I was so surprised by the generosity of that offer. Amazon once again has proved itself excellent in customer satisfaction and really checked the reviews to see if they could make the situation better. I really appreciate that and love amazon all the more for it. Thank you, amazon."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think there was so much written about this that my head probably over rated it and now I'm discontent. My kids doesn't even look at it unless I'm on all fours like a dog and carrying it in my mouth. But, really, I don't think he's looking at the worm at all but thinking, &#34;Mommy has gone bow wow wow crazy.&#34; It's soft and not even cute. Just, it is. That's it. No magic, just what you see people. If what you see on the screen isn't making you scream and yell, it'll probably get the same reaction. You want more, prepare to crawl and bark."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have two of these gates and we couldn't be more pleased with them.  They took a little time to install (it was a snap the second time around), and they are as sturdy and secure as you can get.  We don't feel the slightest twinge of concern when our 1 year old leans against this gate at the top of the steps.  We know it's not going anywhere.  The gate is so simple to open and close.  A small child would not be able to do it on his or her own though.  The gate's design ensures that little climbers will not be able to get a lift.  We've tried lots of gates and this one is our favorite."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have four different gates in my house, and this, by far, is the most secure and stable. Therefore, it's at the top of my stairs... the most important place. I feel like I could even sit on that gate, and it's no going to budge.When we have guests over, they have trouble opening it, because you have to squeeze really hard, but I like that I have to squeeze really hard... it keeps my child who is now a clever 3.5 year old from being able to open it do this day."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We recently moved into a new house and bought and installed 3 of these gates. Within one week, our 13 month old broke two of the gates. Once by holding onto the rungs and shaking the gate the other time by grabbing one of the rungs when he tripped.Both times the rung popped right out breaking at the top and bottom. This left a gap in the rungs wide enough for our son to stick his head through which means he could get past the gate if we kept it up (which of course we didn't.)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this gate!  We purchased two, one for the top of the stairs and one for downstairs.  Let me tell you a few reasons why this will be the only baby gate we will buy.1.  You can take the gate part off when not needed, yet it is safe enough for the top of the stairs.2.  Even 5 year olds still cannot open it.  All other baby gates become useless as soon as the kids figure out how it works.3.  You can buy extra sets of hardware to move the gate around depending on the circumstances.4.  It's so cheap!These are just the top few reasons why we love this gate.  Give it a try."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We currently live in housing on base in Germany and the stairs are very wide and unusual. I got this gate since it is made for the top of the stairs and was wide enough for our staircase. It works great! I love that it slides to the side as well as opens. Was a breeze to install and I feel really safe with the fact that it is a really great hardware mount. No complaints here my son is 10 months and pulls up on everything so it is nice to know he is safe! The one hand open is really simple and I like it more than any gate I have seen at friends houses."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our house is a front to back split. We have a lot of stairs. 5 openings to stairs! These gates have been great for my sanity. At first we bought a big playard gate that we opened up to cover two sets of stairs. I had to climb over that at least 100 times a day! Now we have these walk-through stair gates which are easy to use when holding the baby. Before we also had a gate that just expanded to fit the door way and was attached to walls. I was always concerned my daughter would fall down the steps if the gate gave way because she would pull herself up on it. These gates I know they are locked and they are much sturdier. I like that they slide back and forth; it's easier to get through entries.We used wood that matched our stair case so that we didn't have to drill into the post of our railing. I highly recommend this gate."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "So the container they come in is a little hard to open and close for small children but no less the fact that it comes in it's own organizational container is very pleasing.  The bottom of each of the dinosaurs states what dinosaur it is a model of. I use a set of flash cards with information about the dinosaurs in combination with these dinosaurs to teach my son while we play. These are nothing more than dinosaur figures but they are very accurate with no odd color combinations like purple with pink spots or something silly like that. They are made of hard durable plastic. I think they are slightly expensive for what they are you can buy similar products at the dollar store but those products like the educational value of these ones.  Overall, I would recommend these my son finds them fun to play with and they stimulate his imagination.  I only give them 4 stars because they are slightly expensive."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son loves to play \"dino world\" just about every day!! The tub is great for storing the set & theres plenty of room for more things.  We keep a bunch of blocks and small cars in there to add tothe scene and creative play.  The mat it comes with is kind of a joke , lasting maybe one day.  But that's no reason to not buy this.Like others, we purchased thise elsewhere for MUCH less than the 60-something Amazon is currently selling it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Comes with 20 dinosaurs, 12 small rocks, a large volcano, a medium sized volcano, 6 trees, and a play mat. This set is great. I would prefer more dinosaurs and less rocks, but oh well. It is still great. My three and a half year old loves playing with this set. The play mat is actually pretty cheap, but my son doesn't seem to care. It is made of really thin plastic and doesn't stay open all the way since it has been folded. Once you put all the dinosaurs on it, though, it stays down just fine. All the rest of the stuff is high quality and the tub is great for keeping everything together. Just for size reference, the brachiosaurus is 6 1/2 inches tall, and this is the biggest dinosaur in the set. I'm really happy with the size of all the dinosaurs. I was worried that they were going to be kind of small, but they are a perfect size."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As I am wtitng this review my 5 year old son just re-discovered this set, since I had it at the top of the closet. He can play hours with this great quality dinosaurs he got for his b-day. He had a few more, big and small ones that he just added to this set, so it is pretty amazing what he does when he's playing with all of them. The quality of the mat is awful, but you really don't need the mat for this set."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This walker is great for tall babies like my son and the toys are enough to keep him busy.  The only issue I have with it is that the legs don't have a very strong system for holding the walker up on it's different levels.  It is made like an exersaucer rather than having \"x\" bars to go up and down, and one of the back legs won't stay in position.  While it could be an isolated issue, the plastic seems more flimsy than it should be.  Also, only the front wheels swivel which I didn't think was a big deal, but it does seem to hinder my son from going in any direction he wants at a given time."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I recieved a similar model to this walker, one without the electronic tray, for my daughter.  My only complaint is the rear wheels are difficult to roll.  Unlike the front wheels, the rear wheels are fixed and therefore can only roll straight forward or backward, not side to side.  This sometimes made for difficult maneuvering for my daughter. Overall, it is not a bad walker and I do plan on using it for my next baby due in January only because I do not want to purchase another one.  I would not recommend it though.  There are better walkers out there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As the mother of six grown children, I realize the importance of a playpen when babies start to explore their environment...we can't watch them every moment. I am now a grandmother who babysits for my daughter. I ordered this to use at my own home, and have had such a good experience with it that I ordered a second one for her to use at her house. The color is vibrant for lots of visual stimulation. The playpen is also a good size. Take it from this grandmother that this is definitely the best. 5 stars*****"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "How FUN and AWESOME!!! Got this for my grandson and still can't get over how bright and playful this is. Even I want to get in it and play! The built in activities on the side are the best. The squeaker is a bit hard to press and sure you will have to do for baby...but the other toys are super! It was so so so simple to put up!!! Love the bigger size, while not being overwhelming...those smaller play yards just are too small to be used when you need them most..."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am so happy with this play yard.  When  I put my four month old down inside it he looked around then looked up at me and smiled, I kid you not.  The only complaint I have is that the description here on Amazon says that the play yard is 38x38.  However when the box arrived it indicated that it is only 36X36, still plenty of space though.  I only paid $49.00 because I have the Amazon credit card and get reward certificates to use towards products, so between that and the free shipping I got a GREAT BUY for a GREAT PRODUCT.  Thank you Amazon and Graco!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I did some research before buying this playard and I am very happy i did.  It is the most colorful out there, easy to assemble and travel with. My baby is very particular, but she loves this playard.  It may to be obvious at first, but each of the walls has a bug with some functions.  for instance, the butterfly has wings that have foil inside to make squishing sound when you touch the,m.  The other bug, when squeezed, makes a sound, the third one, has rattles in its wings, and finally, the sun is a mirror (not a great one though). Given its price and the fact that it is being discontinued, I highly recommend getting one before they are off the market."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I give this a 5 start plus.My 6 month old Grandbaby  was put in this playpen yesterday for his first time.  It was obvious he really liked it by the big smiles and how his mind was preoccupied with the play items on the sides and bottom. It was a difficult first baby shots day and he was hurting on both legs. The graphics and sides toys kept him more focused on fun & he was able to get some temporary relief.  I know as he feels better he is going to enjoy his new & safe play space even more.Thank you Amazon for this colorful playpen choice at the lowest price and your excellent service. I'll positively be back."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this pack n' play.  I bought my son the pack n' play in rise n' shine with a bassinet.  What a waste.  This is the best pack n' play.  My mom bought one for her house and after I saw how much my son liked it I immediately went out and bought one for myself.  He loves the stuff on the sides and stares at the bright colors.  Also, it is a lot bigger than most of the other pack n' plays and will come in really handy for holding toys when my son gets a little older.  I definitely recommend this."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this for our 4 month old son and when it arrived I opened it up myself and didnt read the directions at first I got frustrated since I couldnt get it together then read them and voila it took me and a freind about 3 minutes to set it up! Our son is past the stage where he will stay put in a floor bouncy chair so he loves the freedom of lying in this stretching out,and kicking. We loved it so much we ordered one for my mother in law so she can have in her house when he comes to visit. He also takes naps in it, we are hoping to travel with a smaller version of this pack and play soon...will let you know how that works out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Just got this playpen a few days ago. It is awesome! Set it up without instructions in under 2 minutes, and I'm 6 months pregnant which makes some things a challenge. It's a very nice size and fits a good deal of toys, though if the room is small it does take up a lot of space. Baby loves the bug toys on the sides. She's just learning to sit on her own and I was very pleased to see when she fell back she did not cry - the floor pad is thick and soft so it cushioned her head. I like that because she did fall backwards once in her gym (placed on the carpet) and was very upset. With this I know if she falls back she won't get hurt. It's very colorful and she really seems to enjoy her time in it. Great purchase!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Still using this... its big and he doesn't mind going in it for me to shower. We also have used it to help him calm down, if he throws a fit we just sit him in with a toy and tell him when he is ready we will get out. Works well, just walk away and he calms down without an audience. Then we get back out, also when I tell him I want him to go in so I can take a shower he goes to it and waits to be put in. So he definately doesn't mind. He likes the toys in it too, wheres the baby (the mirror) was a favorite."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great for play.  I really like the built-in toys and bright colors.However, I bought it for our vacation as a place to play and sleep.  Unfortunately, the pad is somewhat uncomfortable and the sheets (must be purchased from company other than Graco) cause the pad to be a little lumpy.  My daughter would also wake up and want to play with the toys in the middle of the night and then had a hard time going back to sleep.Although I love the size of it, it is quite awkward to move around when open since it is heavy and large.Still worthy of 4 stars since it does what is says it will do.  I am happy with it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We were quite excited to find this product - thought it was like the  type of playpen from 20 years ago to use for a child. There was no weight limit and the only height limit on the website was when the child was big enough to climb out - from both Amazon and from Graco, so it was perfect for our larger baby.Lots of disappointment when the package was opened and we discovered that is has the same limits (in the owner's manual) as the regular pack-n-play. Between when I ordered in and when it was delivered, the words PACK 'N PLAY were actually added to the title of it.Luckily, Amazon seems to be pretty good about taking it back, but we are quite disappointed."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been looking for the play yard that I had for my children. The other pack and plays are too small. I don't understand why they don't sell these in stores all the time. I live in Hawaii and have been trying to buy one of these for three years. No one would ship to Hawaii. When, I saw it on Amazon. I was amazed and decided to try to order it. I was really shocked as I was going through checkout. And, amazingly they were letting me order it. The shipping was really cheap. And, I ordered it on Sunday and received it on Wednesday. How, wonderful. My grandson was put in there immediately to see his reaction. He is only 6 months old and loved it. Thank You Amazon for having this wonderful product. And, of course shipping it to me. I am going to order one more. Just totally LOVE it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Although this isn't the lightest thing to carry, it is very serviceable! Ever since I purchased this play pen for my grandson, it has been used every weekday. It goes up about 8 a.m. and down about 4:30 p.m. It still looks as new as the first time we used it. I like the netting one the sides and the padding on the floor and rail. Also, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to set it up or take it down. And, it is bigger than the beds that turn into play pens in the Graco line."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "why do I love this play pan?  Very simple:1. Great quality material; sturdy and safe2. Large with lots of space (my grandson crawls around).  Can fit two kids!3. Very easy to assemble!3. Very colorful!  Bright beautiful colors.  My grandson looks at it and want to jump from my arms inside of the pan.4. The colorful patches around it are toys!The toys are:a) A beautiful butterfly with wings that when squeezed it make a dried plastic sound (he loves it)b) A lady bug that makes sounds alsoc) A sun with a mirror (safe for babies)d) A bee with playful wings, which also makes soundsI strongly recommend this play pan!  My daughter has another one, not Graco, that is half of the size.  It is nice but not eye catching like this one.It is worth every single penny!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Buy this Pack N Play!!  All pros and no cons on this.  It was so simple to assemble, it took only about 3 minutes from box to being put up, and some of that time was to remove the tags. Only three parts, just the frame, the folding padded floor, and the carrying bag.  It is roomy, has plenty of padding, and has 9 legs for a strong and even base.  It is great for sleeping away from home, and great for playtime, because there is enough room for baby to crawl around and sptill have plenty of room for toys in with him.  You can purchase sheets for sleeping, but you won't need extra padding or an extra mattress, it's soft enough. It's easily moved from room to room.I put a different pack N play together a few months ago from the same company and it was a nightmare!  In my opinion, this is the best on the market."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I fancy myself a &#34;stylish&#34; mom; expensive nursery set, shopping at Restoration Hardware and Pottery Barn Baby. We got the black and grey pack 'n' play that goes well with our home decor, then my parents picked up this pack 'n' play for their home. Our daughter hated the pack 'n' play we had and loved theirs so we ended up getting one too. She loves the colors, and playing with the items on the sides. I love it because it is a square and much larger than the plain one we had. We HIGHLY recommend."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this product in all respects, except for the four paneled padded flooring.The design of it tends to not lay flat, once you put a sheet or a cover on it.This is a real flaw in the design.  AND, it is super important that you follow thedirections for putting this up, and be sure to use the velcro straps to securethe flooring pad in place.  Just get the help of another person to secure thevelcro straps, and you will be all set.  Otherwise, I do like the sturdiness of theside rails, and the bright primary colors.  Not the best for napping, as thebaby will continuously play with the built in side toys.  Some of the toysrattle and crinkle, and once baby finds the party, they will not want to laydown to nap.  But I still love this playyard so much, I bought two of them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am very thankful I chose this particular pack-n-play. I've seen the ones my friends have for their babies and I definitely got the best one!!! It also folds up easily and stores nicely. It is a little heavy, but they all are to me. It is sturdy and I think it will last. Sheets that fit this particular model are pricey, though, as it's not the average rectangular shape. Other than that, it is perfect! My daughter loves it and so do I!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I LOVE these because they are really convenient and easy to use. We have it by our pool (baby gated) under the overhang so we can enjoy the pool and sun and yet have LO out there playing or asleep at the same time. It is very convenient. I do not like the cleaning issues. It is hard to clean and though it is billed &#34;PACK N PLAY&#34; like it is the &#34;umbrella stroller&#34; of play yards, it is hardly that easy to just fold and run."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this pack n play solely on the wonderful amazon reviews that I read. I wanted something larger for my baby to play in, and the Graco TotBloc definitely delivers.  That being said, this pack n play stinks as a napping or travel crib.  It's large, bulky, the foam bottom is thin and not very comfy for baby to sleep on, and there is no mattress option for a pack n play this size!  I took this on a trip last weekend and put the baby in there with a blanket on the bottom so she wasn't uncomfortable. Every time she rolled around, it would make the rattle toy attached to the walls of the pack n play move. It actually woke her up, and it was a long night. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone wanting this to double as a napping crib.If I had to do it all over again, I would have gone with the Joovy like I originally planned."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm an older mom (40+) who did a lot of babysitting as a teen and remembers what big, square playpens used to be like...not the cramped, rectangular things everyone has now. This spacious pack and play is wonderful! Our 10-month-old daughter loves it - we have it in our kitchen so we can set her in it for a few minutes while we use the stove or chop up food (cases where, for obvious reasons, we wouldn't want her underfoot). She can see us, we can talk with her, and she has plenty of room to practice pulling herself up and walking along the edges (and falling on her bum on the padded floor). When she was younger, she loved playing with the attached toys (especially the butterfly with the crinkly wings).It's sturdy, easy to set up and take down, and packs away neatly into its carrying case. An all-around great product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "OMG....this play pen is a life saver. My son crawls around like crazy. When I'm in the kitchen cleaning up or fixing dinner I can't always be watching him so this is perfect. He hangs out and plays or stands up and (tries) to talk to me. I don't keep him in here for a long period of time because I feel that he needs to be a kid and crawl around too.  It's easy to pack up too. I took it to the park with me. I shoved it in the bottom of our UppaBaby Vista stroller. #NYCMom**KEY NOTE*** the middle part has to be up for the sides to bend down."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I recently bought this for 7 month old daughter who is just starting to crawl. It the perfect thing to keep her amused for anywhere from 20minutes to an hour! It means I can go to the bathroom in peace and get some chores done knowing she is safe and amused.It is super easy to put together - it literally takes less than a minute - take out of the box - unfold it and it clicks into place. The pictures on the side are of good quality and my daughter likes to pull and play with them.We also have a weekend home - so bought two of these. I would guess this could also double as a crib for the weekend house - ie - for a night or two at a time.Highly recommend for the 7 - 10 month phase of baby's development."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this pack n play!  The other ones that are rectangular and fancier did not work for us (and they were twice the price).... It was the one with a changing table and bassinet.  I finally relented one day and bought this one because it was bigger, boxier and roomier. My son hates restraints and being boxed in, but he is much more okay with this larger pack n play, and is willing to stay in it for 20-30 minutes at a time (a record!).  And he is 2.5 now, so it will definitely last longer than the rectangular ones you see everywhere...."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my daughter started rolling, it was time for a little containment -- but Grandma bemoaned the fact that none of the standard play yards had as much space as the playpens of my childhood. (You remember, the massive wooden ones Moms would schlep from house to beach to park?) So looking for roomy containment plus the convenience of a portable play yard, there was only one viable candidate: the Graco PackNPlay Bugs. There's room enough for my 7-month-old and a hundred toys, it folds easily into its shoulder bag, cleans up in a snap and the price is great. Best of all, and unlike most play yards, it's FUN; my girl could spend an hour just batting at the colorful bugs on the walls (all make sounds) and floor or giggling at herself in the built-in mirror. And as a play space, it's a happy medium between a tiny play yard and a huge Superyard."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have this one and love it. My son typically doesn't like a pack and play or even to be in the crib too long. But, it is great for those days when they are small and you want to be outside at an outing and don't want to have to sit and hold your child all day. When my son was a little baby, we pulled out the mat and hooked up the toy dangler and he was amazed for hours. My son is now 14 months old and we recently took a 3 day vacation and took it along. We set it up in the hotel room and it worked perfectly. It also saved us the money of having to rent a crib at the hotel. He likes all the animals on the sides. Not to mention, what a dream to put up and take down. We have an older model pack and play and it is very hard to get the sides up and down. This one is so easy! Highly recommend."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Ok, my 3 yr. old shouldn't be drinking out of a bottle anymore BUT, I have really put these bottles to good use! I have a 1 1/2 yr. old and 3 yr. old still drinking out of these....they have a few quirks but you deal with them and get used to it and LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the ease of use! I do,however, wash the liners sometimes to re-use or I'd be in bankruptcy...Publix and Walmart and other stores have liners you can use when the Playtex gets to be too expensive!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I rated this 3 stars because while it has many good parts, I was highly disappointed to \"realize\" when my baby was 4 months old that this set does *not* include any medium flow nipples. We used the slow flow for several months, so those were useful, but the Fast flow were way too fast and we needed something in-between.  Low & behold I walk down the aisle in Target looking for an entirely new bottle system and I see medium nipples that work perfectly for my daughter.  For trying to offer a variety of nipple options, Playtex missed the mark in omitting the medium flow nipple."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm so glad I chose the Playtex drop-ins system. It is so easy to use. I pump directly into the liners using the playtex storage set and freeze. Then I can just thaw and pop the liner onto the bottle holder and screw on the nipple. The selection of nipples was nice to have, though my guys would take any of them-he isn't picky. I haven't used the tall liners yet though, maybe that is more useful if you are formula feeding? For breastfeeding I recommend the pump and store set and you will be all ready to go!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Great set, but you'll need more nipples. At least 2 out of the 5 are Fast Flow, which I didn't use until my baby was 8-9 months old. The nipples are like $4 for a 2pk, so add that to the cost when comparison shopping.Other than that, I love these bottles! I don't have a single complaint about them. I do not use a bottle warmer. They do leak in the diaper bag when not kept upright, but I store mine upright, so that's a non-issue."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got these as a gift at my baby shower, so I haven't had a chance to use them until now. Since I'm breastfeeding, I don't use them on a regular basis, just for outings. You can't pump into these, which is a bit of a hassle, but it's not too bad. My problem with the bottle is that the bags don't stay in. The ring doesn't hold the bag in, so when I went to feed the baby, he ended up soaked. Needless to say, bottle feeding that day was a disaster. If the bag would stay in, I'd say I really liked these. Unfortunately, I haven't had one bag stay in yet..."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter wasn't drinking out of the bottle. The laytex nipple was the only one shes takes. Its soft and is the most like a breast. But  I  didn't know why she wouldn't drink the bottle until I smelled the milk.  It had gone bad. So I learned that if you heat the milk ( not boil it) right after you pump then store it in good bags the milk stays fresh, and baby eats while i'm at work.  There is no better feeling for you (and grandma whos watching her)  when you know that shes happy while you are at work."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I only used these with my first child, now 7 years old.  I am pregnant with my 2nd and with certainty, will use these again.  Why they are amazing:1.  The liners are so convenient.  You use them then throw them away.  No bottles to clean (build up of disgusting old milk, especially on those long trips outside in the spring/summer), and you don't need a lot of bottles, I had two of each (2 x 4 oz and 2 x 8 oz bottles).2.  After mixing the formula or using expressed breast milk, simply squeeze the liner from the bottom of the open-ended bottle and all the air is out!  This lessens the gas and projectile vomiting.3.  Many options of nipples and they are the only thing you need to wash/rinse/sterilize.A lot of my friends use Dr. Brown and they rave about it, but after I talk about the Platex system, they are sold."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had these exact same burp clothes when I gave birth in 08 to my son so I figured with my second pregnancy I would buy them again big mistake they are made cheaper NOW you can see right through them I am going to have to fold them in half just so it will not go through on to my clothes I do not even think they will make it through a wash load what a disappointment they are worth maybe a dime each at best It is kinda hard to tell how thin they are unless you open the package I would suggest passing these up"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are by far the BEST burp cloths around.  I got several different kinds at my baby shower.  I ordered these after reading the reviews because the ones I received at the shower were paper thin.  These are fabulous.  I buy them for every baby shower I go to now.  The middle panel is very thick and helps with a newborn that spits up a lot and those breastfeeding blunders that happen to a new mom.  I highly recommend them.  They are worth the money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got 2 of these at my baby shower (one for upstairs and one for downstairs) and I absolutely love them! They steam pretty quick and I like how you can keep pre-measured water on it. When baby's hungry I just grab the bottle from the fridge, grab the little flask of water that's attached, pour it in, and press the button. I've had to warm bottles twice sometimes but it's still faster than warming water on the stove or running the bottle under the faucet. Oh, I only do 2 oz. bottles for now."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I kept thinking I must be doing something wrong.  I'd read the directions again and try again.  Another, stinking, melted bottle!  And the milk would be scalding hot.  If it didn't melt the bottle, the milk would still be cold.  I also had a problem with my playtex ventaire bottles leaking from the bottom into the warmer.  Then I had the smell of burned formula in the kitchen.  Oh!  And it melted that bottle too!I'm going back to the old fashioned way.  I'm going to heat water in the microwave and let the bottle soak in it.  It is faster, less messy, and lots cheaper.  Don't waste your time and money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is an awesome product!  Once you get used to using this product, it is a huge timesaver.  It took us three tries to get the amount of water right so the bottle would be the right temperature (not too hot, not too cold).  Before going to bed every night, we put two bottles and the ice pack in the cooler section.  When the baby woke up, we transferred one bottle to the warmer.  It was usually done warming before we finished changing a diaper!  You may want to order an additional ice pack so you'll always have one ready in the freezer.  This bottle cooler/warmer makes it easier at night when you want to get back to sleep as soon as possible!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I can't speak highly enough about this chiller/warmer.  Every night I know I will not have to go downstairs to get a bottle, warm it, and bring it back up while baby is crying.Now, all I do is take the bottle from the chill compartment (complete with ice pack), and place it, with a capful of premeasured water, in the warming compartment and hit a button.While I change baby's diaper, the bottle is warming, and I am ready to go.  This equipment has been a godsend.  Actually, I can't think of any equipment that I could live without less.No complaints whatsoever about this great bottle warmer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Ehh, I bought this product to avoid my MIL using the microwave to heat bottles. The thing is that it really depends on the amount of milk and size of bottle. The warmer starts right away and creates a lot of steam. What i found is that a cold bottle from fridge would heat up a lot on the outside but a couple shakes and it would still be cold. I didnt find it evenly heated it through.Its still best to just sit it in hot water for a couple mins. :)But we will use this to keep cool bottles in the freezer pack in the back (remember to freeze the ice pack)-Overall, save your money and use the traditional method."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If you are pumping breast milk or formula feeding this thing is a lifesaver.  We've used this warmer for 2 of our babies and love it.  It's super convenient to have 2 bottles nice and chilled.  If you read the instructions the warming is pretty much fool-proof but on occasion I've been sleepy and overwarmed a bottle.  As I rule I always test the temperature anyway so it's never been a real problem.  Make sure your lids are off or loosened when you warm the bottles (especially Dr. Brown's) or the milk will come out of the top and make breast milk caramel all over the heating element.  :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I can honestly say I love this bottle warmer because it is very convenient for those in a 2-story house.  We loved being able to keep the bottle cool and save the trip downstairs in the middle of the night.  Even when my son was sleeping through the night we still kept his morning bottle in his room and used this warmer to keep it cool.  But...I was very disappointed that my Dr. Brown's bottles were too wide for the warmer.  The taller Dr. Brown's bottle fit in the warmer but were too tall to fit in the cooler.  I ended up still using the cooler but storing the Dr. Brown's bottles in there without the nipple and cap on so they would fit.  My only suggestion would be to make the warmer wider so all bottles can fit."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I loved this product from the moment I got it. It works wonders with drop ins, And Avent bottles fit into and heat up nicely.... Sometimes that is. We have been using this with ourDr. Brown's Formula Mixing Pitcherand it was a life saver for awhile. Now All i can smell on our bottles is burnt milk from the heating plate.... Now I am not quite sure how the milk could possibly be getting onto it but it does apparently. We have been using it for about 3 months now almost every day, four- five times a day a most and it has considerably started to take longer and longer to heat up.. Before it was done and cooled off by the time the diaper change was over. Now we find ourselves sitting and waiting another minute or two for it to finish. The instructions are basically nonexistent. All in all it still works but I can slowly start to see it go down hill in its heating capabilities."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The idea behind this design is well intentioned but I find the design aggravating. Subconsciously I always go for the handle to move this thing, but the handle is connected to the removable bottle storage piece. There's no other way to pick this thing up unless you grab it by the warmer cup. It may seem trivial but I like to keep this thing out of the way (it's an eye sore) and I would have rather just the bottle warmer with no bottle storage chamber.Plus, the heating is inconsistent. No matter whether you put extra water or not, the bottles still don't get warm like they should. When we first got it (4 months ago) the milk would actually be too hot. That hasn't happened in a while."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our bed rooms are upstairs and I needed to have a second warmer and one which had a cooler.This is the best buy for the same reason.I simply love it and couldnt live without it.I have used it every single day so far .My son is now 5months and it works great I never timed how much time the bottle is in the warmer not I measured the water. I used to do it when I intially bought it but with a screaming infant in hands during night I stopped bothering about the measurements . even with such a rough use it still works great .never had a little problem with itBut I do make sure that I clean it throughly every week.The cooler part is awesome,saved me trips downstairs in the middle of the night.Being a working mom I am all about making things easy for me.This is what I recommend highly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We had this warmer with our first child, but had parted ways with it by the time we had another child. We got the Tommee Tippee bottle warmer with our second child (because we used the tommee tipped bottles with her). After only a few months, I have gone back to this warmer. I love that it has the auto-off feature (which the TT one did not have). heats the bottles very quickly and you don't have to stand over it checking the temp every minute like with the TT warmer. Overall, I love this warmer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product is a major piece of garbage. You will NEVER get your milk to the right temperature no matter how hard you try. It will either be cold or it will be scalding hot. Also it creates a smell that smells like burnt hair which is worrisome considering others who reviewed this product (at least 4 people) said that it catches on fire. We were using dr. browns 2 and 4 oz bottles and sometimes the 2 oz would be cold while the 4 oz would  be way too hot. We always ended up using the tap to correct the temperature and it took forever. We just bought the dr browns delux bottle warmer and its AMAZING! It remembers how long it takes to warm any particular amount and you dont have to fill it up with water every time the way you do with this. Remove from your registry, return, or throw away if you have bought this product and go with the dr browns instead."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I only used this pump for the first month as I did not produced much milk but it was great when I used it. As a first time mom, I found it very comfortable and easy to use. I also sterilized the pieces after a day of use and each piece came out fine. I did find that I had to bend forward to get maximum output but it was not uncomfortable. If you plan to do a lot of pumping then getting the double pump might be worth the extra money as it is quite time consuming with only one pump. Overall, an efficient pump, no complaints."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had this pump on my registry but then was also given a double electric pump (Medela Pump in Style) all I can say is GOOD THING I HAD THE DOUBLE PUMP! This single electric one just cannot get enough pressure/suction/whatever. plus even if it DID work, a single pump means double the pumping time. I know double electric pumps are expensive, but beg, borrow, get your family to go in it as a gift - you NEED it and this single pump is NOT an adequate substitute for a real pump! You can even rent a double pump from the hospital or a lactation consultant. Just don't bother trying this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pump is decent but wasn't enough for me. I am home with the baby so I didn't think I needed one of the larger double pumps since I am not working. However, I needed to pump to improve my supply in the begining and also while I was healing from a cracked nipple and the single pump just didn't cut it. I ended up purchasing the Medela Pump-in-Style and it works much better. Now I use the double pump to fill an evening bottle for my husband to feed to the baby. It would take twice as long with the single pump. I REALLY hate pumping so it is worth everything to get it done in half the time! I think this pump is only worth it if you will rarely need to pump or to use for just a few minutes before feeding the baby to relieve engorgement."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this pump as a gift.  I like it because it is electric.  I got the manual attachment free from the hospital and it is very difficult to use even with the spring loading.  For manual use I recommend the Avent Isis.  However, there are times when I just feel like sitting down and not having to manually pump.  This works great.  It comes with storage containers and a nipple insert for smaller nipples.  Plus it comes with some lanolin just incase you get sore nipples.  It is a pretty good buy.  It doesn't work any better than a manual, but it is more convenient since you don't have to work as hard.  I wouldn't have bought it myself, but since it was given to me, I am glad to have it.  :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have the larger, double Pump In Style but I wanted to leave that at work and still have something at home.  I used this to pump in the morning before going to work or if I was unusually full.  It's small and light and perfect for travel.  I'm now onto baby #2 and use this occasionally since I'm now home full time, but this works so well when I need it.  It's efficient and has lasted through 2 babies - Medela is a really great brand!  I wouldn't recommend this if you're pumping often from both sides - get a double pump, but it was a perfect supplemental pump for me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This gate was perfect for our split-level home with the addition of one 24&#34; extension. It does the job of keeping the baby away from the stairs and the dog out of where she isn't allowed. My husband said it was very easy to install. The stay-open and auto-close features are great. I plan on buying another for the bottom set of stairs.The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because I do feel like it could be slightly sturdier for the abuse my three-year-old tries to give it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm quite happy with the gate, although I had to spend $250 to make it fit the bottom of my stairs. I removed the left 24\" panel, replaced with an 8\" extension, then inserted 3 more 8\" extensions on the right.  The $30 8\" extensions are way too expensive for what you get I think (and often arrive with scratches and rust due to the extra pole in the box).Like many Kidco gates, the instructions could have been better.  And it would be nice if the mounting hardware were metal instead of plastic.I used a 1/8\" drill bit to create pilot holes before screwing into my banister (rather hard wood).  While it may be obvious to some to do that, others might not know, or might not know what size drill bit to use.  I tried a smaller one at first but the screw was extremely difficult to attach.  Only when I used a 1/8\" drill bit did it go in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this gate!  We have a spiral staircase that continues for 3 floors and it was almost impossible to block off on the second level.  This gate has solved all our problems.The door does not swing closed behind you, which I like.  The bar across the bottom of the door is very low compared to other gates, about an inch.  When the door is closed it is secure, much more so than our gate that swings shut behind you.  The entire system spans 72\" and is very stable, even when my 1 year old shakes it.This gate is a great solution for difficult areas and is well worth the money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have this gate set up in two different parts of my house... one part as-is, and one part with two extensions. The gate that that has no extensions is very durable, and easy to open, however there is a bar that goes across the bottom of the \"door\", and myself and my guests are always bumping bare toes on it...ouch!In the other part of my house, I have this gate with two extensions. It's such a LONG gate, that there is no stability... the whole thing kind of sways, and my toddler finally was able to pull it out of the wall. There aren't many gates out there that will let you cover such a wide room, though, and for that it was nice while it lasted."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have used this gate since our oldest started moving around. Now 3 years and another child later it is still functioning great! It still looks and works as well as on day 1.We picked this for the top of our stairs so we could have a \"landing\" at the top. We did not like other gates where you have to balance on the top stair, with a baby in your arms, to open or close the gate.It is easy to open, but not for little ones. My 3.5 year old still cannot open this on his own.I would buy this same gate in a heartbeat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have been using this system for about two months now.  We have 2.5 walls in what was once our dining room (now play room).  We used 4-5 extensions as well.  We bought this new, and it was easy to set up.  Be sure you install it into the studs - infants will pull up on the railing.  Kidco is pretty easy to work with.  They sent me free \"templates\" for the wall and I bought some screws (for another gate).I LOVE this system.  The quality is great.  I recommend it and would purchase another if needed."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have really enjoyed having this since my son was born.  We do not use the heartbeat or music setting, but he seems to like the other two settings which are more 'nature oriented.'  I love the automatic shut-off and the voice-activated modes.We have gone through one set of batteries already, but it took seven weeks to do so.  (That includes a few nights/naps that I forgot to press the automatic shut-off)  Overall this is a great product and very useful."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When I first had this product, I used it on my daughter's crib like it is intended.  Then I realized it could also be placed on the side of the carrying handle on most infant car seats.  I found it worked great if my daughter was fussy in the car.  She loved the soft sounds and musical melodies.  It helped lull her to sleep.  The added light is also a great feature to peak on her rather than turning on the bright overhead light in my car.  Just make sure it is placed securely on the side of the handle to prevent it from falling."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this crib after my son grew out of his Graco travel lite crib (at three months). My son is four months old now and fits in it perfectly and there is still a lot of room for him to grow. It is a nicely made crib and is worth the $80 that it costs. It is so cute and I love the fact that they sell a bedding set for it. We bought the malawi set for it, which looks adorable. I wish I would have gotten this crib from the begining."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "great crib, easy to assemble (it was pretty much assembled when it arrived!) My 6 month old son who is almost 20 pounds fits well in it, but I had to double wrap a bumper pad around it so he wouldn't roll into the cold metal! I am not sure how long he will fit into it, but I love its portability and how I feel there is no rush to move my happy 2 yr old out of his crib. And its overall best feature is how you can roll it from room to room without taking it apart."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased these covers because there doesn't seem to be anything else to fit the contoured changing pad.  Even after just one washing, the cover already shrunk.  I washed in cold water and dried on low since I had read the reviews saying they would shrink.  It didn't help, they still shrunk.  They still work though, but the corners of the changing pad are crumched down.  I don't see the problem with the straps either.  Mine are attached to the bottom of the pad, so there is no need for any slits for them.  Overall, these covers serve their purpose, and that's about all.  I would definitely suggest covering your changing pag with SOMETHING so that all the yuck doesn't get down into all the little crevices of the pad.  You might prefer covering the pad with a receiving blanket, so you can easily toss it in the washer with no worries when it becomes soiled."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have had this from the day my daughter came home from the hospital and it has held up in the wash. No major accidents on it but the few there were are due to my not folding up the stinky diapers all the way or her spitting up. Washes well and never shrunk for me. If you are washing it on warm your water temp may be too high(hot water heater) so that may be causing it to shrink. I love mine and it is softer now then first use and it is secure so she does not slide like when we tried a towel on the changing pad.Have had the same 2 since February and look like new. Would have given this 5 stars but this is not as soft as I had hoped...maybe expecting alot from terry cloth."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This fits our crib mattress tightly and keeps our baby from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.  We didn't have a mattress pad with our son and he would wake up soaking wet from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.  The crib sheet alone wasn't enough to keep him from sweating.  This pad is also not too bulky so it doesn't cause a safety concern.  Just make sure the pad fits TIGHTLY on YOUR crib mattress for safety's sake.  We have a Sealy Crown Jewel Mattress and it fits great on it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Look through the reviews and you can see many people upset about these leaking. They are correct! Because it only happens to one in about four or five reviewers, I think there must be a problem with production. Maybe some are leaky, some are not. Fact is, out of ten bottles, five of mine were leaky. I ended up throwing the whole lot out after using more money on paper towels than bottles.Save yourself the headache and get evenflo or playtex. They are half the cost and never leak"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchsed these bottles on a recommendation from a friend who was breast feeding as well.  The fact that the nipples were to more mimic the breast than others was great and the fact that you could use the bottles as storage containers when pumping was even better.  When I first had my daughter, we had to put her on a bottle a week after she was here to help me have time to heal.  She was getting one bottle a day and was having no problem going back and forth from breast to bottle regularly.  The nipples are great because they force the baby to suck on them as if they were the breast.  The nipples are not supposed to be shaped as the breast but force the baby to latch the way they do on the breast.  I swear by these bottles ans will not change to any other bottles for her!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "HI, I HAD THESE BOTTLES BACK IN 2002 WHEN MY SON WAS BORN BECAUSE THE HOSPITAL GAVE THEM TO US TO USE TO FEED THE BABY. I HAD NO PROBLEMS BUT WHEN I BOUGHT MORE WHEN I GOT HOME, I HAD NOTHING BUT LEAKY PROBLEMS!!! I EMAILED AVENT 2 TIMES AND THEY TOLD ME FIRST THAT I HAVE TO CALL THEM TO \"TALK ABOUT IT\" I SAID FORGET IT AND THEN I COMPLAINED AGAIN WHEN THE LEAKING KEPT HAPPENING. THEY SAID THAT I WAS NOT PUTTING THE NIPPLE AND RING ON CORRECTLY. THEY TOLD ME TO ONLY TURN THE RING UNTIL U FEEL IT JUST ATTATCH TO THE BOTTLE AND DO NOT OVER TIGHTEN. I TRIED THIS AND YET AGAIN THE BABY WAS SOAKED!!! MY POINT OF WRITING ABOUT THIS NOW IN 2005 WHEN I USED THESE BOTTLES IN 2002 IS THAT I CANNOT BELEIVE THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN CORRECTED YET!!! WE THINK WE HAVE ANOTHER BABY ON THE WAY AND I KNOW THAT WE WILL NOT, NOT, NOT, BE GETTING AVENT BOTTLES!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i have zero complaints about these bottles. wish i had bought them in the first place (i started out with the playtex nurser system). they may be pricy compared to other bottles, but, you don't have to buy liners for these bottles. my daughter found these bottles much easier to hold herself than the playtex ones and these have a bigger selection of nipple flow to choose from (besides slow and fast, where fast for playtex really just means not so slow), so i put them away and got more of these, and my daugher was a much happier baby.what i found with the leaking some people complain about: if there is any liquid in the seal it will leak. this problem can easily be solved by wiping the inside of the ring that holds the nipple and the outside rim of the bottle with a dry rag, and if it squeaks when you screw the lid on, you're not going to have any leaks.hope this helps!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bottles are pretty good.  The nipple is a little large and seems to flow kinda fast for my breastfed baby.  She makes quite a mess while drinking from these.  However, the bottle is nice and durable.  The nipple and caps fit snug.  Also, they work great as breast milk storage containers.  You can take out the nipple and put the insert in the cap for freezer storage.  I like that.  My daughter doesn't get a bottle often, but when she does this in one of the types I use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We recieved these bottles as a gift for our son (now 16 months)and expected greatness from Avent. When I opened the first package I was amazed at how stiff the nipples were that are included with these bottles. Stiffness is hardly a correct simulation of the breast. The bottles are also very wide and hard for little hands to grip when they begin to hold their own bottles. I also saw no indication that my son got any less air from using the Avent system. I MUCH prefer the softer, easier to hold, less air producing Playtex Nursers which is what we ended up switching him to."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used Avent bottles for several weeks, but our baby was spitting up _all the time_, seemed like she was choking during feedings, and had gas all the time.  We switched to the Playtex VentAire bottles when she was 6 weeks old, and problem solved! No more crying from gas, she hardly ever spits up anymore, and she has a much easier time at feedings.  The flow is slower and it really does cut down on the amount of air she takes in during feedings.  So, I highly recommend trying something other than the Avent bottles for small infants.  Maybe later, when our baby is a bit older we'll pull out the Avent bottles again, but for now, we aren't using anything except Playtex VentAire."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I admit it: I am impressed with Avent bottles! They are easily one of the baby products capable of handling extremes without a blink. Example: microwave sterilize them and after a couple of minutes, pour a stream of recently boiled water; mix with formula and put next to the ice bin in the freezer for five minutes. Do this with your average bottle a few times and be ready to say bye-bye to them, but Avent bottles hold on strong and in the process also happen to offer the best bibs in the market (the ones that best mimic the nipple, thus giving your baby the least gas, if you feed the bottle perpendicular to his/her mouth). No wonder they've been voted among the best baby products for several years in a row!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought a bunch of these bottles because many people have recommended them to me.  My son HATES them.. the nipples are too hard for him and it takes him forever to get anything from them..  He wears himself out sucking on them.  I finally switched to the gerber comfort hold bottles which he loves.  They are similar but have softer nipples.  My son is no longer cranky from not getting enough formula. I know alot of people love them, but my son doesnt.  I never had a problem with leaks however as some people said."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I understand that some people might have a problem with this bottle type. If you screw the top on crooked at all or too tightly - you may have issues. But if you take a second and make sure that you are screwing on the top properly - you might have a leaking bottle once every 30 or 40 tries. I have used 4 of the other top brands and am very pleased with Avent. The Brownies are really good too - but just too hard to clean on a regular basis. If you only use a bottle once in a while - use browns - but if you use them a lot - get Avent. Only way to go."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This brand of bottles was recommended to me by a certified lactation specialist when I was having trouble with low breastmilk supply and was forced to supplement.  It was extremely important to me to be able to still feed my baby by breast and I was afraid that introducing a bottle to my daughter would cause her to lose interest in me.  I was told that this brand of bottles was created to closely imitate the breast and this is the only brand that you can easily switch baby back and forth from breast to bottle.  And it has worked wonderfully--my baby girl will feed from both without any problem.  I love the shape of the bottles--very comfortable to hold--and they are extremely easy to clean.  Out of the four 4 oz size bottles I own, one of them has a leaking problem, but I can usually solve it by loosening or tightening the cap.  My daughter has no problem sucking from the nipple, as one person reported.  These bottles are great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Unlike a couple of reviews I read, the only times I've had problems with the Avent bottles leaking is when I screwed the cap on badly or had the nipple in wrong.  Otherwise, they are perfect.  We were told that there may be &quot;nipple confusion&quot; if a baby goes from back and forth from breast to bottle but we haven't had a problem whatsoever.  These nipples are enough like the breast that he does just fine.  (His mouth is open wider than other bottles because he puts the whole nipple in his mouth, like the breast.)  I also use (and love) the Avent breast pump so you can pump right into the bottle and attach a nipple.  It couldn't be easier."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used these bottles with my son and loved them!This bottle system was excellent and my son almost never had any gas with them like he did with some others I tried out.  He took right to them as a newborn and I didn't have to encourage him like I had to with others.The wide mouth is so nice and makes them so much easier to wash.  The nipples and bottles are extremely durable and held up for a very long time.  As my son got older, I had other bottles I would use for him, but he always preferred the Avent ones.I never had problems with leaking like I had read about, so I don't know much about that.  But there was absolutely no leaking here!There is a great range of accessories that go with this bottle as well, including sterilizers and breast pumps.  Everything was compatible with my Avent breast pump and it made it a dream to use.I am pregnant with my second and Avent is all I am going to buy for her."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I absolutely love these bottles!!  I've been using them for about 4.5 months now and I've NEVER had a problem with leaks!!!!  I have also never overtightened the bottles!!  I love how they are designed.  Because of their width, my daughter was able to hold them at 3.5 months!!  I also love their 'wide-neck', which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby!  They are also EXTREMELY easy to clean!  And they are interchangeable!!  I plan on buying the sippy cup spout in a couple of months so that my daughther can learn to drink from a sippy cup using the same bottle!!! My daughter has also never had colic!! I LOVE EM!!! I LOVE EM!!! I LOVE EM!!!  I also have the breast pump and microwave sterilzer which all fit the bottles perfectly!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "these dont require that extra ring to make it leak proof. i had the originals and they work great too but i like the big capacity but not big size of these. they will leak out of the nipple if it is upside down so if your baby feeds themselves, watch that they dont drop it and wedge it somewhere upside downupdated review***** i love avent NATURALLY bottles and trusted that is what i was getting when i looked at all 12 customer photos. well i broke these babies out to use em last night and they are reg avent bottles with the stupid ring on the inside that makes it not leak(something not needed in the other bottle)the plastic used is also completely different. it isnt the hard clear plastic that doesnt cloud or stain, it is the dull non see through plastic that feels pliable. and the oz numbering on these reg bottles is the kind that will scratch and rub off easily. so disappointed that i now have to return these :("}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these bottles.  My Amelia is hardly every gassy with them.  As for the leaking issue, it is Not the bottle, it's the user!Bottle use de-mystified: you MUST  make sure that the top of the bottle and its threads are DRY and the flange of the nipple on the inside is dry as well.....then when you tightly screw on the cap it should make a soft squeak sound that perfects the seal. If either are wet or have milk on them (like when you open it to re-fill a partially full bottle) you must re-dry the threads and nipple before screwing closed. Motto: \"IF you don't hear a squeak, it's gonna leak\".  Good luck."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I found the nipple to be way too hard for my newborn son to suck.  I then ran out and got the Munchkin Tri-flow.  You can change how fast the milk flows out of the bottle as you baby grows and the nipple is much softer!Munchkin also sells just the nipple that is compatable with the Avent bottle.  So, if you've already purchased the avent bottles your money has not gone to waste!  The only problem is that the Tri-flow is still fairly new and is very hard to find!  Good Luck!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old, and they work great. He had no problem with nipple confusion switching between this bottle and the breast. We've had no problems with leaking, and I love the fact that you can convert the bottles to sippy cups later.One note for breastfeeding moms -- your baby may be able to use the #1 nipple for much longer than a formula-fed baby, since it more closely resembles how the milk comes from you. So wait before buying #2 & #3 nipples, because you may not need them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using nothing but these bottles for the first 6 months of my baby's life. Yes they WILL LEAK if you don't pull the nipple all the way through. But that is an easy fix! I never had an issue with my baby falling asleep during a feeding or the flow being too fast. And colic has never been a problem here either.I breastfeed and pump for my baby and I found that she went easily from bottle to breast as early as 2 weeks old. I attribute it to the unique design of the nipple which encourages her to open her mouth wide instead of tucking her lip in to suck on a smaller nipple.Also these can be converted to sippy cups. They are very durable as well and so easy to clean. I threw all the other bottles I got as a shower gift right out in the trash - my baby will not drink from them."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really like this pump.  Works great sort of a pain to clean but easier than having to clean tubing on an electric.  The bottles however are junk.  After one use they leaked from under the plastic disk.  EVERY bottle I have leaks.  In order to stop it is a pain.  I pull up on the nipple and roll it around clockwise to make sure it's in there right, then I use a rubber gripper and tighten the crap out of it so it won't leak.  What a PAIN!  I sold my lot on ebay and replaced them w/ the Playtex vent air.  I did save one bottle so I could pump into it though."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter was in the NICU the first day of her life, and then the special care nursery the next few days, so I had to use the hospitals electric medela dual breast pump to express milk. i returned home and rented the medela for a month and hated it. It HURTS my nipples. My friend got me this Isis breast pump kit and I tried it. I LOVE it! I used it since my daughter was about 2 weeks old. I doesnt hurt my nipples like the electric breast pump does as I can control it with every squeeze. It doesnt hurt my wrist (as one might think.) I only supplement my daughter with one bottle of EBM at night. It takes me 10-15 minutes and I can express 5 ounces with this pump! I LOVE IT!Oh, and it is virtually silent so I can pump one breast as I breast feed my daughter on the other!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I mostly use the Ameda electric, but used this on a weekend trip and was very pleased with the milk volume.  I get most of the milk in just a few minutes and the one hand operation is simple.Drawbacks: it can be tricky to get the suction going, but little pumps at first followed by long slow pumps will eventually get it. Also, I've found that I can still get milk out with my electric even after I'm done with the Isis.  It is a little higher maintenance to clean, but I still recommend it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's a great manual pump, but it's just a manual pump after all. Manually pumping both breasts one at a time takes more than twice as long as double electric pumping to get the same amounts of milk. It would be impossible for me to keep pumping at work if I had to take that much time out of every work day. However I do keep this pump in my desk drawer for emergencies (like the time I forgot my other pump at home) or for out-of-office meetings (because it's small and discrete). It's also great for occasional home use or for women who need to leave the house with a pump every once in a while. I'm giving it 4 stars because I don't think it should be advertized for use at a full time job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great pump. I haven't had any issues with it. I pump constantly as my son is very finicky as to when he wants a bottle or a breast in his mouth.  Easy to use and clean. The carrying case is great for when I go back to work and it can also be used as a carrying bag for keeping milk/formula cold when you go out.  While I love the pump I am not happy with the Avent Bottles. They can leak easily if you over or under tighten the bottle.  Let me tell you at three in the morning you dont' want to worry about that stuff.  You want to get a nipple on and feed.  I recommend the pump but not their bottles.  Sometimes if I put down the pump on the bed and it tips a bit I get spillage from where the pump connects to the bottle."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I based my decision to purchase this pump based on all the reviews it got.  However, it takes me about 20 minutes to pump 4 ounces.. on a good day!! Luckily, I have an awesome boss, who allows me all the time I need to pump.. I average 2-3 ounces every hour and half.. at 20 minutes at a time.. which is rediculous. If I could, I would purchase an electric pump, because as my baby grows, I don't see how I'd be able to catch up to her growing appetite using this pump, and not spend my whole day in the bathroom pumping.  On the plus side.. all the litle extras it came with are great, and the case is discreet and keeps the bottles cold for a few hours."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO idea..!!! I only recieved this pump - no electrical one and I wanted 2 diiiiie! I was in pain for days after I gave birth,irritable because of the lost of sleep and trying to conform to the babies temporary sleeping pattern. I had a low milk supply and breastpumping for 1 hour for only 4ounces - this was not a joke! I wanted 2 diiiie I tell you.. I would finish pumping and da baby would be getting up for a feeding... NOooooo! already, I would think... yes and with only 4 oz to show. Here I go with the stupid MANUEL pump... NO.. I NOW know better.... electronic and a good brand- so what you pay 300. and change its worth your sanity, sleep, time, energy and appreciation for the bond with the baby. My milk supply in time grew (not soon enough) I am still nursing and again the manuel pump and I did NOT have a good relationship. We started off badly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Although I haven't been using this pump for very long, I've been able to get very good results. Of course, pumping takes practice but this pump works great for beginners. It is very easy to set up and clean...making it easy to take along. I also like that the bottles fit onto the pump-nothing extra to buy (and clean). I also have an electric pump but prefer this pump when I am home during the day. I find that I can more quickly get it ready and am able to pump one side as soon as my baby is finished nursing on the other side. I definitely recommend having a manual pump, even if you plan on or already have an electric."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If you are only going to be pumping once in a blue moon, then this is a great pump for you.  I found it to be an incredible nusance, so I borrowed a friend's Medela electric pump.  Never used this Back to Work pump more than twice after using hers!  Why spend a longer amount of time pumping that you have to (and yes it does take longer even though the manual says their stats say otherwise).  With our next child, I will definitely be buying electric!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Avent pump in this kit is very good. I also like the carrying bag, which is subtle and good for work - it can even be used as a lunch box when you are done breastfeeding.However, the nipples in this kit are very hard and the speed on the slow flow was far too fast for my newborn (when I tested the milk on my wrist, I didn't get a drop - it squirts). There are better bottles out there too, that keep the baby from getting too much air. Instead of the Avent bottles, I have started using the Playtex nurser system - which means I pump into the Avent bottles and pour them into the nurser (the Playtex system sells a kit with a pump adapter - but it does not work with Avent). This has worked fine for me, though if I were not pumping at work I would not pay the extra money to have the kit. Since I pump at work, the insulated bag is helpful."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After trying a dual electric pump that was very uncomfortable for me I tried the Isis berast pump and never looked back. I could not control the suction with the electric pump and,  however with the Isis I was able to control the pressure and was able to completely empty both breasts in less than 20 minutes total. The cushioning made the pump very comfortable. And my hand never got tired from manually pumping. I used this product years ago with my daughter and I am adding it to my registry for my second child. I highly recommend this for anyone who would like to continue breast feeding.Follow-up: My youngest daughter is now six weeks old and I still love this pump. Its a moust-have for breastfeeding mothers."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The title says it all...the edges of the bumpers were very tempting for my daughter to peel every chance she got. You'd think her ability to remove the ends of the bumpers would indicate the bumpers would be easy to remove.They were a nightmare and have ruined our beautiful coffee table. I've tried goo gone to no avail. If anyone has any tips how to get the tape off, which is coated with random pieces of foam from the old bumpers, I'd love to hear them. I can't believe how awful my table looks."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Other reviews have said that this product is difficult to cut, but I used a pair of ordinary scissors and didn't have any problem whatsoever. Also, the foam is a bit stretchy, so your measurements don't have to be exact. I cut the foam a bit short and then just stretched it to fit. While it's true that the tape won't last forever, it is also true that it won't leave a mark on your furniture once you want to remove it permanently. Simply apply more double-sided tape when the adhesive breaks down. Easy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this for the breakfast nook around my marbel countertop.  Since I don't have kids yet (we are adopting) I can't really comment about the durability.  However, they seemed to stay on tight when I applied the tape to the top and bottom on the inside of the foam.  If not I will do what some of the other posters suggested.It wasn't difficult to cut the foam to length.  I just started with one corner edge, measured the long foam piece, and then cut the foam with scissors (just alittle bit longer then what I though I needed.  It cut slightly jagged, but since I cut on the long side adjusting it wasn't a problem.  The finish product doesn't look funny or leave any gaps at all."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used this table edge and corner guard to edge a window in my son's playroom. The window was level with the daybed he often played on, and I had visions of him cracking his head. I lined the edges of the windowsill. This works well. My son is a pretty good listener, and I kept telling him not to touch or pull the foam off, it was there for a reason, and it is still there two months later. It will come off very easily if pulled, just a forewarning. But I like this product and would use it again."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Easy to put up, takes a bit of time, but overall fairly easy!  Wasn't too crazy about the type of adhesive that comes with it, but I look at it this way.... I'd rather re-finish my wood coffee tabble than deal with all the boo-boos and broken teeth it(my coffee table) has caused! (I have three kiddos and this coffee table has taken a tooth from two of them before they were 2yrs old)  I'm hoping this protector will prevent that with my third little one! Personally I hate this coffee table, but my husband will not get rid of it... I put this protector on my fire place too, and it looks and feels wonderful.  I like that it streches a bit, and I had plenty of adhesive left over! I rate this product 4 stars, definitely worth the price just know that adhesive is going to be a consern when I remove the product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "You know when you're child free and buy great furniture? You can't fathom the day when you'll have to apply foam to your beautiful wood table so your child doesn't go head first into the sharp corner?  Those days are now a distant memory and you bite the bullet and apply a foam guard.  Then you go to take it off because your child has spilled parmesan cheese and... what...the? The wood came off.  The WOOD came off.  I expected to have to use some Goo-Be-Gone to get off the adhesive but this actually destroyed the table.  Not like a dent that could be sanded.  I piece of wood literally splintered off.  So, while this product will protect your kid's noggin, don't put it on a piece of furniture you like."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Needed this item for our brick fireplace and decided to give it a shot despite some saying that the double sided adhesive tape didn't work well.  I assumed we would try it and then rig something else up (velcro, etc) if it didn't work.  It has been one month and the included adhesive tape is working very well.  My 11 month old goes up to it and tries to chew it (for all the chew toys that child has?!) and it stays put no problem.  Time will tell how long it lasts, but I am happy with the density of the edge guard and how well it went on that even if I did have to do some reworking of the adhesive in the future I would still be happy with the quality of the edge guard as well as the safety the product provides."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am so pleased that the Contoured Changing Table Pad has so many choices in color for its cover! I purchased the lilac, and a white cover and they both go well with my nursery decor. I only wish I got more that two!These terrycloth covers are thick, absorbant and easy on my newborn's skin. The only problem I have with them is that they shrink a little when you wash them. So, when you go to put them back on the pad the fit is a bit tight, but I find they pull out pretty quickly to thier normal size. When they do finally get to small to fit the pad I will go out and buy some more! I mean it's terrycloth, what do ya expect? Besides, the darn things get all kinds of yuck on them all day. They are going to take a beating being washed all the time as it is. They are totally worth the money to replace! I would buy them again!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great booster and is effective for it's job--but there are a few things that could make it an even better seat.  I can't use this booster in my home because it is made out of a rubber substance that my kids LOVE to pull apart!! My young toddler likes to bite and take chunks out of the booster seat.  If you have an aggressive chewer in the house, you may want to think about this--this material is highly attractive to chewers!  Also, the seat does not come equipped with straps.  I had to switch to another booster with straps due to some safety issues associated with this also."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the best booster seat. It \"grips\" easily to chairs and does not slide. We use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it! It is the most durable seat too. My nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in EXCELLENT condition. It is soft and comfy. It may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it. It travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat. Grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids! Definitely a must have!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this booster. My 3 year is still using it and I think he started using it around 18 months or so. We have solid oak chairs and didn't have the problem of other reviewers. It sits in the same chair almost all the time and there's no residue. Maybe it has more to do with the chair finishing. Your chair does need to be made of something to \"grip\" this chair, such as a wooden chair. I tried to take it to my dad's house and he has cooshy leather chairs, and it didn't work. It cleans extremely easily, holds him securely, and works better than I could have expected."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great product.  They do what they are supposed to do, at least on my desk.  My desktop/corners consist of a wood laminate, with a very smooth surface, so these things stick very well.  However, I have not attempted to take them off yet, and i'm sure a little 'Goo-Gone' or rubbing alcohol will do the trick when the time comes.  I will be dissapointed if they harm some of the finish, but then again you can't put a price on protecting your precious child from severe injury, which can easily occur when their head hits a table or desk corner!  For this 'peace of mind', I give this product 5 stars.  One more thing... there is NO substitute for proper and constant child supervision."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When a baby gets to the crawling stage, your life changes. Table corners are just one of those places that must be protected and this little gadget does so very well. There are some tables that require the corner piece and the long padding all around the parameter of the table due to sharp edges, but in most cases, this is enough. I only wish they were a little less obvious. Unless you have very light wood furniture, these things stick out like a sore thumb. My only concern is that there is an adhesive (that supposedly comes right off).  Many months from now I suppose I'll find out if that is true, but in the meantime I have (relative) peace of mind when my grandson is crawling or toddling around and that is Priority 1."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I considered this when it was full price, 50 bucks.  When I saw it for 25, I just had to get it.  I took it back the next day because the latches that keep the buttons away from Baby broke and the buttons wouldn't work.This second try has been better.  I found it for 12.50 and decided that it would make a gift for someone else if it didn't work for me (man, I can be cruel :)  This time, it seems to work pretty well.  All the buttons work.I did have a little trouble with the light because when the light is on, the button is pressed in.  I have fingernails, so the button can be a bit tricky until you get the hang of it.I am glad I decided to try this product again, but I wouldn't have paid the 50 bucks for it.  If you can't find it on sale, get a regular CD player: they plug in and are cheaper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item is not top quality.  I don't have too many of this company's other products, so if this is an example of their quality than I don't think I will.  First off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached, the batteries only lasted through two cd's, the volume doesn't get very high, and it doesn't even fit on the side of our crib.  Being in the baby business they should know that not all crib's are made the same.  You are much better off just getting a simple boom box that play's cd's."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What a disappointment!  We were so grateful to receive this at a baby shower- it was something we really wanted.  However, it did not live up to expectations.  The sound quality was awful- very, very quiet even on the highest volume setting and, even worse, extreme static.  I exchanged it for another one thinking that maybe the first was defective but had the same problems.  For such an expensive item the quality is very poor.We ended up ordering the Fisher Price Tape Player online and it is really wonderful.  We love it- buy it instead, better quality and cheaper!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have been using this seat for about 6 months with our toddler boy.  I love how it attaches to the seat easily and securely.  Once it's on, it doesn't budge, but it removes easily.  However, if our son sits down to pee, he gets pee all over the place.  Even with him holding his private part down with his finger.  The cheap \"bob the builder\" toilet seat does a better job of keeping the pee in the toilet while he is sitting.  I wish they would make the seat more compatible with boys."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After some little potty chair fails, I decided to try out a seat that fits on the big toilet. This one came up first as it has the most reviews, and it does for a reason. This seat works, period. I do have a girl though so I cant vouch if it works for the little guys.It has a device underneath that tightens it onto the big toilet seat. My toilet seat is the flat plastic kind so it went on with little problem. I have to finagle it a little, but it fits and is very secure so thats a win in my book.SIDE NOTE: Grandma owns the Fischer Price froggy potty which works perfectly, so if you are also thinking about getting a little chair, I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i first sat my baby on this when she was about 9 months old, and we've reduced the number of diapers significantly, with very rare #2 diapers, woohoo!!! of course i had to hold the baby, but at 11 months, holding is discouraged. there are occasionaly wiping of the front lip, but it seems much less ickier than cleaning out a typical potty.this fits almost all toilets except some smaller-sized apartment toilets, though i was able to place it on the toilet seat without having the trainer fit properly. (but then if your kid isn't too young, you probably won't need a trainer for a small toilet.) i even take this to other people's homes and have used it successfully everywhere.i'm so relieved that my baby cooperated with early potty training, and this product enabled me to accomplish that."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I just got done potty training my boy/girl twins using the small potty chairs that sit on the floor but we are planning a vacation in a few weeks and they were terrified of using the big potty but we really had to get them using one.  I bought a cheap-o potty seat and it slid around all over the place and they were scared to use it so we went back and paid twice as much and got the Bjorn and so glad we did.  We have a TOTO brand toilet and the seat is very deep and contoured so the lock on the Bjorn didn't work at all on our toilet seat, but because it also has a grippy bottom and is quite large, it fits great anyway.  My toddlers were fine using it and began using the big potty the same day we bought it.  Definately worth the extra money, great design!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter was scared of falling in the toilet when she first started potty training.  She was so scared that she would wait until the very last second to go and she would have accidents because of it.  With this training seat she fit perfectly and her fear was over.  We ended up purchasing 3 of these because they worked so well.I am only giving it four starts though because we did find that she would hurt her booty and &#34;parts&#34; some times when she would try to slide up on it.  I understand why the bump in the front is there (to stop kids from peeing out the front of it) but if it could be made with a softer material (at least on the front) it might make it easier and less painful for kids to get on and off of."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the first seat you used for potty training.  I LOVED it for the following reasons: 1. it adjusts to stay in place, 2. it fit all of the toilets in the house (important when you have two round and one elongated toilet), 3. it wasn't padded or cheesy (cheesy characters), and 4. I like that the shape sort of holds the child in.  I potty trained my daughter the week she turned 2 and wanted to be sure that she didn't fall off of the potty, but I also didn't want to deal with emptying a little potty into a big one.  This is a GREAT seat.  I would give it 4 1/2 starts if I could.  We ended up needing a second seat for another toilet and it had handles.  My daughter prefers to have the handles (even if the seat itself is not as secure), especially when she is pooping."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have 3 boys and this is the solution for our needs. I like it is made of hard plastic instead of the foam type seat, easy to clean. It has a nice shape for sitting. As far as a boy doing number 1 while sitting on the potty, he has to lean forward or you will have a mess to clean up. That doesn't seem to be a big deal to the boys. It has a nice loop on the top so we can hang it on the toilet with the potty hook and it is adjustable to fit different potty hole sizes. Seems very durable. I have one in every bathroom."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Love this thing.  Relatively cheap, comes in various colors, has an adjustment knob to 'fit' various toilet sizes, the hooks allows you to hang it (added a tacky hook to bathroom wall) and best of all it doesn't have the creavises other seats have - let me explain.  Had another potty seat that was 'cushioned' -&#62;  not sure why a kid needs a cushioned seat, it is not like they will be sitting reading the newspaper for ten minutes at a time - anyway, it didn't take long for the vinyl cushion to get pee and other 'gunk' stuck between the cushion and the plastic rim - and then you have to look at it each time to put it on the toilet.  This is a better option."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have a very large (and very precocious) 18 month boy who is doing GREAT with this! I just came back to order another one for upstairs after carrying one back and forth for 1.5 weeks. Super portable (but easier to have one on each floor!), I've already followed another reviewer's advice to pop it in a tote bag for when we're out and about- that way, he's not afraid of using the sometimes huge potties in stores! I can't compare this to any other seats (well, we also got an actual potty chair just in case, but he's not interested), but this has worked great so far. Very comfy, and no spraying or damaged boy parts- spray guard works great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Bought two based on a lot of the good reviews, one for our upstairs and downstairs bathrooms. The splash guard can hurt your son. Also the splash guard doesn't work to keep the pee from shooting out from under the seat. If you have a girl it might be for you, if you have a boy don't get this seat. Make sure you read the other reviews about boys and this potty seat. Also the seat is bulky and very annoying to get it to fit each time. This potty seat has discourage our son from wanting to use the potty. If anyone who has had a hard time potty training their kids this will make it so much harder!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This seat has such great reviews, I didn't think I could go wrong with it. We've had it for over 2 years now, and I'm getting fed up with cleaning up the mess. At first the splash guard wasn't tall enough, and everything ended up on the floor and on my son's clothes. Now, that he knows to tuck it inside and keep his legs closed, the mess is on the regular toilet seat. I have to clean the toilet seat every time I lift the BabyBjorn potty seat. Also, it would have been nice not having to remove the seat every time, and just flip it instead.Anyway, an overpriced item in my opinion. And I can't believe it has such great reviews. Maybe I'll change my mind about it once my daughter is old enough to start using it. But for now, not very impressed."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Haven't had the opportunity to need this yet as we are still utilizing the baby potty seated on the floor as our guy is too little to get on the regular potty yet.  However, wanted to get everything together and ready when we will need it.  This seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a \"snap on\" deflector (for boys).  Purchased 2 of these, one for myself at my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law at theirs, as they are in the process of potty training our grandson.  It was easy to adjust to fit our regular seats, and I now have it on a hook next to the regular potty when the time comes that we are ready to use it.  I also purchased the stool and potty book...and am ready whenever my kiddies are.  Highly recommend this seat as it very well made."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I read several reviews before settling on this one.  Initially, I was considering the potty with the ladder but breakage, slippage and space were an issue with that one.  This turned out to be the ideal potty seat for us.  It fits over my elongated toilet seat comfortable without slipping so I have no fear of it falling in when my little ones rush to the potty.  They even put it on the seat themselves.  It little ridge on the front are perfect for little boys and avoid any leakage or spilling!  The kids love that they have their own seat that is so comfortable.  Baby Bjorn products are always well-made and well suite for the their particular purpose and this one proves that.  It gives me peace of mind knowing that my little ones can use it easily without fear of them slipping off of it or the seat falling into the bowl.  Great potty seat!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this item after reading the reviews for it here on Amazon.  I have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this Baby Bjorn is SO MUCH better!PROS--Easily adjustable to fit most (if not all) toliet seats.-Snug fit; doesn't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-Ergonomic design; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat; Much more so than the \"cushioned\" one I mentioned prior.-Would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-Very estically pleasing.-One fluid piece so it is easy to clean; no grooves, creases, etc. to have to worry about.-Durable; something I can definitley hold onto for our next baby.CONS-N/A ;)I would highly recommend this item.  It's worth the extra $10 you'll pay for it over the cheaper ones!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have a standard size and shape toilet seat. Yet, this potty seat fits the seat in an awkward manner, causing pee to leak both on top and under the front of the toilet seat. Granted, I have little boys, so maybe this isn't so much of a problem with girls.We had MUCH better luck with the Mommy's Helper Cushie Tushie potty seat (the one with the ducks on it), which is, incidentally, much cheaper and easier to clean. The same unfortunate pee situation never happens with that seat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "my son loves it!i bought 4 different brands for him to try out and this is the best one!perfect shape, perfect comfort, perfect size for a 4 yr old. (potty trained now)sometimes, he sits on this for a long time....so i know it's very comfortable....LOLthe handle helps germophobic mommies. and it easy to wash too.the pee cover should be higher though as he has to hold down his thing so as not to pee all over the toilet floor.even with that, it is still a 5 star rating!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After 3 weeks of use maybe 1-2x/day, the rubber handle is separating from the rest of the potty.  I just began hanging it from a hook, so maybe that had something to do with it.  This isn't a problem that I read in any of the reviews I perused, and the instructions on the box say to hang it on a hook.  I am returning it and hoping for better luck with the replacement.Other than that, my daughter loves this.  She's 18 mo old, 21 lbs, and fit it quite well.  We only managed to catch her doing her business using it once though.  The product fit very well on my elongated toilet seat and was easy to adjust."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This potty is great. As the previous reviewer mentioned, it's one piece so nowhere for the pee to go except inside. I think the only fault is that it's incredibly low to the ground, so although that is great for new learners, once they master the potty training and you just need an extra around the house, it doesn't encourage them to go because it's too short. If you can spend a bit more, the newer model with the inside that comes out ($24.95) is much better in my opinion. HIgher for sure, and actually easier to dump since it has an insert. Make sure never to use bleach in these, though, I ruined the bottom of one of these by letting it sit in a 50% bleach solution, it ate away the smooth bottom."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We take this little potty with us everywhere.  I actually purchased online from Amazon specifically to find the one piece BabyBjorn Little Potty (BBLP) after my friends raved about it.It now lives permanently in the back of my car, so that my toddler can have easy access to a potty when we're on the go.  I've also taken this on planes and trips in our carry-on, so that we would have access to a potty ...even if there was not a bathroom available.  With little ones it is so hard for them to wait, and this helps keep them potty-independent.Also, if you do infant pottying or elimination communication, this is one of the &#34;must-have&#34; pottys.  The seat is a little on the smaller side compared to the standard little pottys you'll find at Toys R Us or wherever ...which makes it ideal for little ones (I am talking 1 year or younger)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used this chair starting when my daughter was around 8 months old and it was the perfect fit for her.  It was comfortable (or so it seemed) and easy to keep clean!She is 18 months now and we still use it often every day and we have more than gotten our money's worth - but I think she is getting a bit big for it now.  I am eyeing moving up to the regular size Bjorn potty seat, which I hope will be a little more comfortable for her height."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is perfect for my 20 month old.  She can sit on it on her own.  It is VERY small.  Imagine a gallon of milk cut in half.  My daughter is small for her age and it fits her perfectly.  There is no problem emptying it.  We just add a small amount of water and dump it in the toilet.  Then a quick rinse and dump that in the toilet.  This is much better than seats on the real toilet that she feels uncomfortable on.  She is relaxed on this and that makes all of the difference.  It is perfect for us, but be aware it is small."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got two of these after starting EC with my 9 month old.  The potty is a perfect size for a young child/baby who is beginning to use the potty.  My son can't get on it by himself, but can get off...his feet touch the floor when he is seated and he is low enough to reach for toys.  The one piece design is great for cleaning.  Other reviews said that they wished Bjorn would make a clear potty like this which is why I got white (next best thing for seeing when he's done).  If you are considering trying EC...don't hesitate you will be shocked how readily young children will indicate they need to potty and will use the potty consistently.  Great quality product for price!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is my second potty purchase and I truly wished it had been my first. My first was the fisher price fun to learn potty, which costs about $5 more and is shaped like a regular toilet with the pretend flush handle. My son thought it was a toy and constantly \"flushed\" to hear the music instead of sitting on it. When this potty arrived and I took it out the box, he grabbed it and said \"mine\" and immediately sat down on it. He started using it the very next day and it's been a success so far. I don't know if it's the potty or if he's just ready to be potty trained (he just turned 3) but I do know that he loves his potty. I highly recommend getting this and forget about the bells and whistles of the fisher price model."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I started using this potty with my daughter when she was just able to sit up on her own.  The high back was more helpful then, than it is now, but it's still nice to have the high back.  She likes to lean back and throw her arm over the back.  She thinks she's so cool when she sits on her big girl potty.I like the &#34;handle&#34; on the front shield because my daughter hangs onto it and leans slightly forward when using the potty for #2.I like the design of the bowl and how it fits in the potty.  No leaks.  The potty chair my mom has, if my daughter is at a certain angle somehow it leaks onto the floor.  That has never happened with this potty chair.PROS:- High back to help support baby- No-slip bottom keeps potty from sliding on tile floorCONS:- Haven't thought of any yetI bought a second one of these to leave at day care."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Since we practice elimination communication we looked for a potty that would work well for a young child who just began sitting with no (or very little) support. We started using this when our LO was 5.5months old. From the age of 6.5 months or so, our LO was really comfortable on this potty (it was OK earlier, but only for very short duration). It is very steady, and super easy to keep clean -- you just take out the inner compartment and wash it out. We are very happy with the decision to go with this model."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "So we have been using this potty seat for several months now trying to get our daughter used to going on the potty.  I bought this one because it had great reviews and was simple and easy to clean.  But every time we put her on it, after only a few minutes she starts complaining that her feet hurt.  What she means is that her feet are tingling and going to sleep.  Then she doesn't want to get off because her legs are numb and she gets scared.  She is not a big girl but this seat is just too uncomfortable for her.  Also, every time she gets up the insert sticks to her behind and will dump if there is anything in it.  It also leaves her with a red ring around her butt.  I am going to look for a cushioned potty chair next and hopefully we have more success."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I understand that boys need a splash guard, but there's little chance that this bright-pink potty will be purchased for a boy.  And at least our little girl finds the splash guard uncomfortable, because she has to straddle it.  She has difficulty sitting down with her legs apart and often pulls the bucket out and turns it around to sit more comfortably.  I wish that baby bjorn made an insert for girls, but they don't.  Other than that (or if your girl doesn't mind this issue), it's a great potty.  It's the right size, the right distance off the ground for a two-year-old, and the back is high enough to be supportive."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great potty.  The biggest issue to me was cleaning.  This chair has no seems or corners to trap things.  The inner liner lifts off and is easy to wipe clean with a disinfectant cloth.  The boy shield is not too high and is rounded nicely so they won't hurt themselves while getting on.  The base is very solid and sturdy and doesn't move at all.  It also looks comfortable with the arm rests.  My son isn't potty trained yet but we purchased it so he could get used to sitting in it.  He seems very happy and will even sit in it to read a book.  Does what it should and doesn't distract from what they are supposed to be doing with alot of toys and noise."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "we got this chair for our son to learn to use the potty. its sturdy and comfortable for him which is great. i like that the bowl is big enough that there is no spraying on the floor and i can actually see when he goes as opposed to him standing up for me to look. its easy for him to get on and off of by himself which is another big plus. i LOVE how easy it is to clean, much easier than the other potty chair we have which is 3 separate pieces.it may not have any fancy extras but it gets the job done!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think what makes this potty work well for my twins is the high arms.  They like to sit on it and started the day it arrived.  Also, it arrived in one day.  But they fought over the right to sit on it and I was made to buy a second one.  I have them in white and blue.There is something about this potty that makes a little one understand its purpose.  I couldn't believe how comfortable they are for them sitting on it, due to the arms and back and overall design.  I think the price was favorable and feel great about the purchase of these two potty chairs.They're right now in the early stages of learning.  We'll be using these for awhile I expect."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have 2 of these for my twins. Having gone through the search of a good one with my first child, I found this and bought 2. It's simple to clean, you take out the wipe potty part by hooking some fingers to the front and dump the contents into the toilet. Rinse it and you're ready to go. You can sanitize it with some clorox spray and just put it back down until the next time.  It's portable so you can have it anywhere. There is an anti slip rubber on the bottom so no worries about pottying children ending up somewhere else than where you left them.My twins are now potty trained, but I still keep one in the back of the van for emergencies. You never know if you'll make it to the next toilet, you know?"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We were using a Bjorn Little Potty (which they don't make anymore) for a long time. But as my son grew, he kept overshooting and it was becoming a problem. At Grandma and Grandpa's house they had the Bjorn Smart Potty, which seemed to work better for him. I figured the Bjorn potties have been working well for us, lets try the top of the line Potty Chair!And its working great, the bowl rinses easily. Sometimes a little pee dribbles over the side, but its easy to rinse the whole chair in the tub. I keep it on a little rug to catch the dribbles and just throw that in the wash as needed. Any potty (with boys using it) is going to have occasional dribbles.And my son was pretty excited when it arrived!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our three year old son immediately loved this chair (we ordered it in his \"favowit\" color green).  He is fairly tall for his age but can still sit in it comfortably and it looks like shorter children could as well.  My only complaint is that when he stands to tinkle, the urine inevitably hits the back of the seat and the design is such that it leaks underneath.  It's easy for us to clean because we have mostly hardwood or tile floors but I can wouldn't recommend this for homes with mostly carpeting.  I know our son likes to have his potty chair in various rooms in the house so it could make quite a mess.  Other than that, though, it's lightweight, easy to transport if needed, easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "First time potty training for our 14 months daughter.  Too many choices available on the market, but trusted all the other reviews on Amazon. This no frills potty chair doesnt look like much, but I really think they did a wonderful job designing it.  Easy to clean, and my toddler isnt uncomfortable sitting on it to go potty.  The high back rest helps alot, because she tends to sit far back to get comfortable.  Its very stable and we dont worry about it tipping over.Good value, nice design, and definitely easy to clean.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My little two year old daughter is...well...LITTLE.  I bought this potty based on the excellent reviews here and for the most part, it delivered.1. It was relatively inexpensive.2. No bells and whistles to distract.3. Easy to clean.But, being that my kiddo is a shrimp AND a girl, the molded splash guard thing kept poking her in a highly uncomfortable way when she'd try to sit on this thing and it got to the point where when she'd see this potty she'd scream.  As a test, we got the pink girly version of the Summer 3 stage potty trainer and the screaming stopped.I'd recommend taking a look at this thing at a local store before buying.  It's a pretty good product, it just didn't work for us."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I can't say enough good about this potty chair.  It's inexpensive (but very well made), SUPER easy to clean, has a very comfortable splash guard for boys and is comfortable (I'm assuming).  I originally bought the Safety 1st Potty Chair/stool.  Don't like it at all.  Tough to clean (lots of spaces for urine to get) and I don't think it's very comfortable as my son refused to sit on it.  Within 20 seconds of sitting on the Baby Bjorn he peed.  Refused for weeks to do that with the Safety 1st.  Great product.  Can't say enough good about it.From a parent's stand point, it's the best b/c it's soooo easy to clean.  I'm not clean freak, but this is a huge benefit with anything in the bathroom.Kudos to Baby Bjorn for a simple product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this potty chair after looking at several other brands/styles because of the high back and arm support. It has a great \"wrap-around\" design that is perfect for my 4-month-old who is just getting familiar with the potty. For those working on infant potty training, I highly recommend this chair. My little one has no problem sitting up in this chair by herself (of course I'm holding onto her for security). She has already made many, many poops and pees in the Baby Bjorn Potty Chair! It's also very easy to clean. Just dump out contents, rinse, and wipe with a disposable disinfecting wipe. Definitely easier than changing a diaper!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this potty chair (bought one for each bathroom).  The design is simple.  It is comfortable and easy to use.  My 2 year old son has had no problems with it.  Very portable (we keep it in the back of our vehicle for longer trips).  We also have the BabyBjorn potty seat which is great as well.  I like having both so my son can choose whichever he wants (he likes both equally).  Made in the USA too!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this because my youngest daughter won't train on a potty seat on the toilet, so we thought this might help her transition from diapers.  It's just plastic.  I had hoped there'd be a way to put a plastic liner in the hole part so we could just take the liner off instead of having to clean the plastic bowl, but unless we want her to sit on the liner, that's not an option.  Oh well, it's a big overpriced piece of plastic."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I picked this potty up 2 days ago and I really can't complain.  My daughter is 9 months old and seems to have no problem with it.  I do understand some of the concerns with pee coming out because it happened to us yesterday.  I didn't make a big deal about it and it didn't seem to bother her.  I happened to have it sitting on a waterproof pad, just incase, so nothing got on my carpet.  But she seems very comfortable on it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the ONLY potty I've found that's perfect for boys! The pee-pee guard is integrated to the seat, so it won't fall off, and is high enough to \"keep it all in\" if you know what I mean! =) I had to order 3 since it's seriously the only one he'll even sit on anymore! We have 4 different types/brands, but he (and I) hates them all. This one is truly THE BEST. Super-easy to dump and clean, he likes to do it himself, and the bottom of the potty is rubber-lined so it doesn't slide around when he sits down/gets up. It's also a really good size \"bowl\", some are waaay too small to neatly go potty in. AWESOME potty and the only one I would ever reccomend!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "LOVE this potty - it's so easy and comfortable for our son to sit on. Picked this one up after starting out with a Fisher Price potty that didn't have a splash guard (stupid me!), which was frustrating for everyone involved (trying to tell/help a 2-year old to \"point it down\"... yeah, right) - as soon as our son tried this one out for the first time, his motivation level skyrocketed and he quickly became excited about peeing in the potty, instead of dreading it. The design and height are perfect, and the seat is easy to remove and empty (so much better than the ones where you have to slide the potty part out to empty it). Best potty ever!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have two of these - one for upstairs, and one for downstairs. It's great for our 2.5 year old boy who is learning to use the potty, and easy for us as parents to try to get him to use it.Pros:- There's a barrier/guard in the front so he doesn't pee everywhere. It's a huge improvement over other potties - sometimes boys just don't get that they need to hold it down.- The potty part removes easily for cleanup and pouring out.- It has a back so he doesn't fall off of it when trying to sit down. Sometimes sitting is a bit iffy at his age.- It's nonslip on the bottom, so it doesn't push around when he goes to sit.Cons:- A &#34;pour spout&#34; or something would be great along the back side."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We just got this potty after trying the Safety 1st potty for a couple of months. As soon as my son saw it he knew just what it was. We watch the \"Once Upon a Potty\" video and the old bowl style potty in it was throwing him off I think. THis is close enough to that style that he started quoting part of the video upon first site. He then stood up backed up to it and sat down without any assistance, a great improvement from the other potty. He can get up and down from it without maiming his privates. His only problem with it so far is that he's apparently gotten use to having the back pressed against his rear so he pushes all the way back on this potty too. This is a little odd given its oval shaped bowl. Hopefully our stalled potty training will get a jump start down. Just in one day he is much more eager and willing to sit on it and he giggles over quoting the video while he sits there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have found that Baby Bjorn potty products are the best on the market and doesn't break the pocket book! It's oblong vs round so urine and poop stays in the pot. The built in splash guard is great! It's easy to clean and light weight, but built tough. Variety of colors. My triplets are all different shapes and sizes. We have a very large boy and has plenty of room for him. Our other son is a bit small for his age and because the pot is oval there is no leg stretching and no \"falling in\". Our daughter is long and very thin. She has no problems what so ever on this! Her tiny behind doesn't fall in or slip or anything. The splash guard never gets in her way! It's just the best! Other moms who see this ask where they can get one! Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Got this for my daughter (shes 2).  I like it real well.  She is a smaller child and it fits pretty good.  She can sit on it and on feel like she's going to fall in.  I would recommend this to others.  I also got the step stool. She likes to run over to the sink and wash her hands when she's done....The step is nice too.BabyBjorn Safe Step - White(I got the pink one to match her seat)It stays put and is sturdy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This potty works very well for us.  My son likes that it is his size (we also have a potty seat for the toilet which he isn't so into).  It is light enough that he can move it himself, but the rubber grip on the bottom keeps it from slipping when he sits.  I can see how other children may have problems bumping themselves on the splash guard, which you can't remove, but this hasn't been a problem for him.  Also, we have had no problems whatsoever with pee going everywhere as other reviewers have.Pros:Easy to cleanGrips to the floorSturdyGood colorsRounded edgesCons:Can't remove the splash guardInside bowl can be removed easily by the child"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have this potty in green.  I was lucky enough to find it on clearance at a local store by me for $12!!  If I would have known how much I would love this potty, I would have spent the money on it two years prior when we were potty training our first child.  I love the simple design of this potty and that it only has two parts.  It makes cleaning much easier.  No one enjoys cleaning out a potty, but it's so much easier when you only have two pieces to clean.  Our other potty had several pieces with it and a lot of cracks and crevices.  I just wipe this potty up with a lysol or clorax wipe and I'm done!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "fit as expected,,my baby love it .This potty chair doesn't come with all the whistles and bells like other potties. But is the best. When i was shopping for a potty, i read the reviews and then went to the store to &#34;explore&#34; for myself. i wasn't convinced of any other potty. why? 'cause all the others either didn't sit sturdily on the floor (and this is w/o a child sitting on it)or were difficult to clean. This potty is simple and sturdy, gets the job done, comfy (my picky daughter never complained, she likes the teddy bear logo on it), and so easy to clean. Never had a spill too. Besides, potty training should be as simple and natural as possible, so choose a simple potty. i have 2 of this item (1 downstairs and 1 upstairs, now thinking of using 1 at home and 1 for the car).there's plenty of space to stick stickers as a reward everytime she goes potty too"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is my 5th potty chair and so far the best for a boy that I have found.  The pee still splashes out occasionally, but far less than all the other brands.  It makes me so mad that they don't have boy-specific potty's.  The splash guards are always too small and they leak ( like our defective Thomas potty seat)  So I am happy to have this one as a big improvement.  My son is on the large side he is 34 pounds and 36 inches tall and just turned 2 last month. He fits on it just fine and likes that he can lean back."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Easy to clean.The &#34;lip&#34; at the front pretty much prevents boys from making a huge mess while on the potty, but there are not any rough edges to catch skin.Easy to take the &#34;bowl&#34; off to pour the contents in the toilet.  Even my 2 (almost 3) year old can easily pour in toilet without too many spills.I like the back and the arm rests on the sides. Makes it comfortable for the child, especially when we initially began using the potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great little potty chair.  I like its two piece design, and how easy it is to empty.  I like the high back, and so does my son as he likes to \"lounge\" as he uses it.  The only downside is that the piece the comes out does sometimes stick to his behind so when he stands up there is potential for a mess, but this will be true with any two piece plastic chairs.  I really like the no slip grips on the bottom of the chair so my son can't scoot it across the floor.  All in all,  I would probably buy this chair again."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Overall this is a nice little training potty.  Simple design, high back for comfort and easy to clean.  My son seems to like it just fine but I wish it had a taller splash guard.  My son is 20months old, 3+ ft tall and weighs a little over 30lbs.  He fits on this potty just fine but he ALWAYS tinkles over the splash guard so I have to aim his weewee down for him.  I would not let my son use this by himself at this point (we've only just started potty training) because odds are I will end up with tinkle all over the floor."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have just started potty training my 22-month old, and haven't used this chair very much.  It is sturdy and doesn't look like it will slide on the floor or accidentally tip over.  It is a good size for a toddler and comes in lots of great colors. I bought this because I read many lukewarm reviews on the potty chairs that sing and light up and do fancy things like dispense stickers...we wanted something simple and basic, and this fits the bill. My only complaint is that the inner bowl, while very easy and quick to remove and clean, can be a blessing and a curse: when my daughter sits on it for any length of time, it sticks to her skin, and has almost spilled when she stands up too fast.  That is the only thing to watch out for.  Other than that, it is great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this because of the excellent reviews, so I felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.My son is 3'3\" & 30 pounds. (he is almost 3 yr old) He does fit on this potty, but it leaves horrible red marks in his inner thighs after only sitting on it a few minutes. It hurt his bottom so badly that he cried & said \"oh mommy my legs!\" It's not great to start potty training with a painful experience. He is now afraid of it.I don't know if my son just has very sensitive skin or if it's because he is too big for the chair, but I switched to a soft seat that goes on the big toilet & we are trying that now. I wouldn't recommend this potty for larger children."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wanted a chair with a removable bowl, but now that I've seen my son grab it and attempt to dump it out, part of me wishes I'd have gone for a toilet adapter style.If this is the style you want though, it's durable and sleek in appearance (for a potty chair, anyway).ETA: OK, now I'm glad that the bowl is removable as we're using it more, but you do have to watch for spills. It cleans easily and my son finds it comfortable."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've had several potty chairs and I'd say I like this one best. It has a high back and armrests, making it comfortable for my daughter to sit. There aren't a whole lot of cracks and crevices, which makes it easy to clean. The chair is sturdy and doesn't tip over. It is larger than some of the other chairs, which were a little too small as my daughter grew. If I had to do it over again, I'd buy this chair first._________________UPDATE:  This chair eventually went to my niece and nephew.  It had been a good potty chair and I was happy to share my good find with my sister-in-law.  She agreed it is a good chair."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was the second potty we bought for our son, who is almost 3.  In one word - horrible.  I had a lot of hope that, with all the excellent reviews, we'd find success with this one.  The basic issue is the splash guard, which really doesn't work at all.  Pee still goes everywhere.  I'd love to find one of the old-fashioned potties with the high cupped splash guard - but that's nearly impossible.  If I had known that this potty would be no better than others I've tried, I would have saved my money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son and I love this potty. I never had a hard time training him to use it. In fact, I only told him once what to do, and he was using it since then. He seems to be very comfortable with it that he seems to actually enjoy sitting on it while making poo and playing his toy ramp & cars at the same time. He also likes using it without doing something else so I know its not about the toy. He loves that he can be independent & his potty makes him feel that. My son is 2 years old and weighs 32 lbs. Cleaning is also very easy, even without a liner. This happens when my son would use the potty on his own without a liner. I only have good words to say about this potty. I have no complaints at all."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I just finished potty training my oldest child and really loved this potty chair.  When we first started potty training, it was a little too big for her- so if you have a small child, it might be hard for him/her to easily get on and off of it alone.  By the time she was 2.5, she had no issues getting on and off.  The splash guard is great and makes it easy to lift out while still keeping your hands clean.  The potty part is also deep enough to hold anything in it if your child decides to bring you the potty to show you their work :)Great little potty!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this potty seat. There is no foam seat for the pee to seep into. Just two simple pieces that are so easy to clean. This was the best thing I could have bought for all of our potty training kids. The lip in front looked too high at first. But actually it is perfect. Perfect for girls potty training and for little boys. I would recommend this seat to anyone who has a little one potty training. I just might keep this seat forever....I will have visiting grandchildren someday. :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My husband insisted that our son would potty train with those on the adult toilet seat inserts.  We bought all different types.  Potty training just wasn't working.  I actually researched many of these potty chairs right here on amazon and the Babybjorn had the best reviews and comments, so I managed to convince my husband that we should at least try it.  Best decision ever.  My son's potty training excellerated.  Now he enjoys sitting on this potty.  It's the best height for him and he even likes emptying the receptical into the big toilet.  Easy to clean. Now my youngest likes to just sit on this potty, even fully clothed.  He feels like a big boy copying what his brother does.  Very glad we made the decision to go with this basic floor potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our daughter uses this every morning as part of early potty training. She has low muscle tone, so we needed a potty chair that would be supportive and comfortable enough for her, and this one does the trick. She seems very comfortable sitting on it, I think because of its high back and the little bump in front that kind of keeps her in the right position. I also like this chair because the little potty bucket is smooth, without many little creases, nooks or crannies where, um, germs might get stuck -- so it's very easy to clean. That's a relief for me!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We actually started with the potty inserts that go right on top of the regular toilet (built in type, portable type, and a cushioned type).  My son was refusing to use that to potty train, and we decided to try this one instead.  It took awhile, but now he's using this exclusively.He likes it because it is just his size, doesn't require help from us, and can be put right in front of the tv (we'll have to change this last one soon!).  He will even wait to pee when we are out so he can use his &#34;small potty&#34; at home instead of public toilets.We like it because he uses it, it is easy to clean with the white part coming right out of the chair, and the splash guard is great for the boys.  There's a smaller version of this chair without the back that we take with us when we are out or on vacation too."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a very nice potty chair.  It is a sleek, simple design, easy to clean, no annoying sounds or other bells/whistles.  I ordered it to get my child used to sitting on the potty (not starting training yet).  I have a small (18 pound) 1 year old and this seat was just a little bit too tall.  I ended up ordering the Baby Bjorn Smart Potty, which is a very similar design without the high back/sides, and it seems to be a much better size for my needs.  It appears that the bowls are interchangeable. I posted side-by-side photo of both of the potties for comparison purposes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought two potties before I realized that my boy had a big bottom and most other potties have really small opening and no pee guard in the front.  I broke down and bought this.  This doesn't have the bells and whistles like some other potty.  But it's beauty is its simplicity.  he is able to sit and do his business, carry the urine/poop container to the toilet and rinse it all by himself (he was not even 2 yet!).  I would highly recommed the potty training book \"Potty training in less than a day\".  it's out of print but you might find an used copy on [...]."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a child sized toilet.  It is attractive looking.  We have one for our downstairs bathroom and the kids bathroom as well as at the grandparent's house.  Our 2 year old was easily toilet trained on this and love it.  I think it is easy to clean, just remove the inner seat, empty, and rinse.  My son is approaching 3 and can now help with that.  I also like that we can leave it in our half bath and not have to move it when guests come over or when an adult wants to use the toilet.  We are big fans of this."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love that this seat makes it comfortable for our little boy compared with the wider conversion style potty chairs (the ones that turn into step stools) because the back is higher and it has arm rests.  Another great perk is that it takes up significantly less space.  Makes it easier to keep it conveniently located for your toddler.  Also, despite its 'lack' of bell and whistles it is easy to clean and safe.  The no skid rubber bottom is an excellent feature!  Highly recommend this potty chair!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our son just turned two and we have begun introducing him to his own potty.  This chair is great.Pros:1- Sturdy.  He leans forward to get a wayward car or his stuffed teddy and it does not tip forward with him2- Catches all of the day's product, nothing has escaped yet- the guard is tall enough.3- Easy to take the pot out and dump into the toilet but because he is sitting on it, no chance for him to pull it out and dump while he is sitting.4- Easy to clean (the most important?)Con:1- Once he has stuck to the pot and when he stood up quickly, it stuck to him and dumped.  A minor problem in the grand scheme of things and it has not happened since.We bought one for grandma's house and would recommend highly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was our second potty for my daughter as the first one was too difficult for her to sit on. We got it before 18 months and she is very small for her age, the other potty we had was &#34;the shortest on the market&#34; but bc of the design she had trouble. She had loved this potty since day 1 and she likes the little bear logo on the front. The only downfall ivories would be she can grab the basin and easily pull it out but she is pretty good about letting me do it. Like the gray color too."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The seat is the perfect size for toddlers, contoured to be comfortable, and designed to be easy to clean.  Your little one will sit and be situated as i the same body position as an adult on a real toilet.  The raised front of the white part serves as both a pommel/hand rest and a splash guard.  The white bowl is deep enough to prevent most splashes.  The back and arms are high enough to make your little one feel secure and allow him/her to rest against them.  The seat does not slide on tile flooring.  When your baby is done, just lift the white bowl and clean.  Perfect potty training chair.  Fits almost anywhere and is very light."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was looking for a potty to use for baby potty training, he's 6 months old and in the 25th precentile. I saw that some people commented that it was small, which is what i was actually looking for, and it works great for us. The back is great, he can sit on quite comfortably, so long as I entertain him!He has used successfully, and it's really easy to empty. I just add some water if needed and flush it, the seat just lifts out.There is an imprint on his bum after he gets up, but he doesn't seem to mind.Here's a tip: since he still pretty short and his feel don't reach the floor, I use something to put his feet on for leverage, and it really helps. The baby wipes container is perfect."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn.  Unfortunately, I haven't even given birth yet and I already know they're not going to hold up to the demands of a newborn wetting even once in them.The pros: inexpensive.The cons: These diapers are horribly rough, even after a washing.  The fabric is fraying and even triple folded, these things do not hold liquid.  Since I'd already washed them I figured I could at least use them for dish towels, but they merely move the water around on whatever surface you're trying to dry, they don't absorb.Save your money and skip these...and buy a higher quality cloth diaper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Love these! Absorbent, soft, inexpensive, held up well after many MANY washes, no stains, ect.  My only complaint is that they shrink quite a bit.My daughter has always hated wearing disposable diapers.  When she was a newborn, she'd holler whenever we tried to put one on her.  As she got older, she'd arch her back, scream, and try to get away as we were putting the diaper on her.  So when she was a newborn, I used these flat folds wrapped oragami style (no plastic cover, although you could use one) to give her a break from her disposable diaper.  We've actually made the switch to cloth diapering full time.  Now I use these as a cloth insert for the gdiaper (fold in fourths, then half) and Thirsties (fold in thirds, then half).  You could also easily use these to stuff pocket diapers."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Love that these are cotton - texture is great and they are actually much softer than they look. We don't actually use these for diapers.  I bought them as \"temporary burp cloths\" while deciding on some others.  I now use these exclusively.  One thing I love about them is that they wash very well - I don't spray them with any stain remover and they come out clean every time simply using Dreft detergent.We also use them to \"catch\" my little boys' geyser, as my husband refers to it, during diaper changes.  I think these would also be great for household cleaning as well (I'd use separate ones for those).  These also make a great light-weight, breathable blanket for blocking the sun - we live in Texas, so this is a huge plus!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These looked huge when I took them out of the package! Don't worry they will shrink down a little after the first wash. These are absorbent and great for burp cloths because you don't have to worry about staining them. They are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached. After the first wash, they might not be as soft was you would wish but after a few washes this is not an issue. In short, I love them. I have 2 packages of them and I use them every day. I have cute ones that I might use outside of the house, but these are definitely my first choice.My auntie recommended them to me and I am very thankful for that! She used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my house."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Yep, flat diapers are indispensible for baby.  But skip the Gerbers!I'd decided to cloth diaper, and got some fantastic (big, thick, soft) birdseye flats for $12 per dozen, online (Google flat diapers).At the shower I was given some of these, and I thought \"cool, some cheapies for the non-diapering situations.\"I was shocked to find they're not that cheap, and even more shocked at the (lack of) quality.  After 5 weeks, these are still sitting untouched on the shelf, even though my tendency to grab my \"diapering diapers\" for everything has me running short on diapers a lot!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are the only bottles I use and they work well.  They are very durable & dishwasher safe. I have a medela pump also. My daughter is breastfed and feeds from these well, except for with the slow flow nipples - I recommend a fast flow nipple unless you want to take over a half hour to feed your baby while he/she struggles to get the milk out.  I should mention that she is not picky (becasue some babies are)about what type/brand of nipple she uses as long as the flow is not too slow."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was very disappointed in this product. It was highly recommended by the hospital, so I bought TWO sets of these bottles before my baby was born. After breastfeeding for about four or more weeks, I tried to get her to take a bottle and she refused the Medela nipple. We also tried the Avent nipple and she didn't like those, either. We finally ended up with the Playtex Premium. She only needed a small amount of coaxing to take those. Now she's a pro! (Anyone need my Medela set????)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bottles are useful for storing milk....they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely.  My baby hates them for feeding, however.  I now just use these for storage and then pour the warmed milk into Playtex Nurser bottles.  I bought the Medela system when I was pregnant b/c I wanted what was best for my baby...and I was led to believe that Medela nipples would be most like the breast.  Um, no.  Take one look at them and it's pretty clear.  My baby wouldn't even take it in her mouth.  She instantly responded to the Playtex nipples, however.  Much, much better!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this product thinking it would be great if I could pump directly into the bottles we'd be feeding our baby with, eliminates a step right?  Well, having the extra bottles for pumping has been great and the work well in the freezer but they don't work well for feeding.  Milk seems to pour out our newborns mouth (3 mos now).  I hate pumping and really hate seeing my milk being wastes so we have stopped using the bottles to feed and only for storage.  I like the evenflow glass bottles better, she wastes very little milk with those"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "First, these really do protect bedding against leaks and spills. Get the bed sized ones as an under layer (which adds cushioning from the plasticky mattresses that are made today), layer on the pretty sheets, then use a smaller pad under the diaper area. This protects the sheets but the very bottom pad protects your mattress in case a true accident occurs. I must admit that after washing, these pads did pill but this did not deteriorate their effectiveness. I'd go to Target for the softer, thinner, prettier, and just as effective smaller size. It's the difference between wearing a hospital pad versus a brand name pad. Both work just as well but one is more confortable on the go."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have 2 packs in different sizes. On the package it's advertized as a burp cloth. I've used it over a pillow on my lap, but it's too stiff to use over your shoulder. It's good at trapping moisture and keeping the surface beneath from getting wet or damp. It stayed strong after several washes. I used to lay my daughter on it to protect her mattress or sheets, but I find that it doesn\"t breathe well enough and when she had baby acne it made the break-outs much worse."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition to the mattress pad.  I have about 4 of them and they are essential.  I use John Lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with the quilted multi-use pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad. I do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on. It's nearly impossible to do when you've had a c-section, and not a good idea to strain yourself."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product seems great.  You can use it for every purpose which involves your baby.  We have them in different sizes for the Crib, bassinett, playard, and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad.  They absorb great and wash with no problems.  I tumble dry low, that way they keep their shape longer.  Take them everywhere and dont have to worry about laying your little one on hard cold surfaces when diaper changing.  Very affordable and worth every penny.  I highly recommend to every parent."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What I like about these pads are the way the don't slip around at all when you lay them down on carpet or flannel sheets.  My daughter has started resisting being changed on her changing table, so I use these pads to change her on differnt floors in our house.  And awhile back when she had a particularly upset stomach and lots of diaper blow-outs we kept her on top of these pads all day, whether she was sleeping in her crib or anywhere.  They worked wonderfully.  They come clean easily and I don't mind that the cotton pills up.  That helps to keep it from shifting on carpeted floors."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pad is perfect for our playard. I put it under the sheet and I have no worries about trying to clean the matress board since the material cannot come off. It is very soft, provides an extra layer of padding since playards are so hard, and it can be washed and dried in the machines no problem. Even when we go on vacation we pack it up with the playard. Great investment for your babies saftey, babies confort, your sanity (when trying to wash the playard matress), and what makes this even better is the price!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have tried so many sippy cups over the years and these are the best. My kids are 6 1/2 years apart and I used these sippy cups for my oldest. For my second child we used Nuk silicone spout cups for awhile but he kept chewing the spouts. They were getting expensive to replace. I tried other hard spout cups but he didn't like them. I remembered my daughter liking these and looked around but couldn't find them. Looked on Amazon and so glad that I found them. My son loves these. They are easy to clean, don't leak and he happily drinks out of them. I have ordered several packs of them. All have been the blue and green as pictured except my last order I got purple and orange prints. I highly recommend these cups."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These cups don't spill, but the liquid comes out too fast for my daughter.  She's 8 months and still on stage 1 nipples because she chokes easily, so that's not the cups fault.  She was drinking water from these yesterday and had it running all down her chin then choked a little.  So if your baby is fine with a faster flow... go for it!  I'm hoping to use these once she's a little older since they really don't leak at all.  She kept holding it upside down and tossing it and nothing came out!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My child at a year old can sip out of them but a lot does come out.  He is getting better now after a few months of having them.  He throws this on our hard floors and nothing comes out!  It's a great cup that way, totally spillproof!  Playtex does make insulated ones which in my opinion are a lot better for two reasons.The first reason is that my childs hands do not get cold while sipping from cup and second the drink stays a lot colder a lot longer.  The valves are easy to put in and take out, my child only has water and milk still so I am not sure how well they will work for juice."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've been using these cups since my son was around 8 months.  He had another sippy with a silicon tip and handles at first, but we wanted to introduce a cup that he could use for many years to come.  This is it!  Cups with silicone tips WILL leak if they get bent.  I can throw this cup in the diaper bag and not worry that it's going to leak.  It hasn't leaked once.  I love that this cup will fit in most cup holders.  It's super easy to clean with it's THREE parts.  You can use them as regular drinking cups for older kids."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My wife purchased these from another store for more than twice the price so I decided to bring down the cost average after we found out that they do not leak. There is a small rubber piece that fits in the spout to control the speed that the liquid comes out. After your child gets old enough you can eliminate the rubber piece. I think these are great to use as soon as you stop using bottles. After you stop using, the rubber flow control piece you can use them until your child grows out of sippy cups or you lose them. Great choice. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are very convenient if your child is already using the Avent bottles. If you use a Medela pump, you can get an adapter and pump straight into these containers, eliminating a step in the breastmilk collection chain.I also find that the small sizes are convenient, especially if you normally pump four ounces or less out of one or both breasts.I didn't give this product five stars, though, because, really, these are just four more Avent bottles with a sealing disc. If you have a bunch of bottles anyway, you can just buy a pack of sealing discs for about $4 and use those instead."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are fantastic for freezing/storing/reheating breast milk.  Unlike some of the reviews I read, I have experienced no leaking thusfar.  I use a Medela pump and transfer my milk into these containers because they have proven to be so wonderful (and they are acrylic, so reheating is much easier).  My only complaint is that they are slightly too small.  I usually pump more than 4 but less than 8 oz. and so I am forced to either use two containers or sacrifice my milk (which is too precious!).  However, I can deal with the smaller size because overall it is such a great product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these breastmilk storage containers.  They make it so easy to collect the milk, cap it, and store it.  When I need the milk, I just take them out of the freezer, heat it in the bottle heater, put on a nipple and go.  They are great.  Perfect size for my baby who still only drinks about 3-4 ounces per sitting.  I will definitely continue to use these after she outgrows them for milk as baby food containers.  They are great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I use these storage containers for mixing breast milk and rice cereal to feed my daughter while we are out.  I love these containers for this use.  I don't have any problem with leaking and I can feed my daughter straight out of the jar.I gave these 4 stars because I didn't get any use out of these for storing breastmilk in the freezer (which is why I registered for them in the first place).  It takes FOREVER to defrost the breastmilk in these bottles.  I just ended up using the Lansinoh and Gerber milk storage bags because they defrosted quickly and took up much less room in the freezer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had previously purchased another tub because it was a few dollars cheaper but soon regretted it once received. The tub had two pouches to but the soap and shampoo. But the one thing i needed was a drain. The dirty water built up and the only way to get it out is to tilt it up so it can pour out. Such a hassle while washing a 9month old. Not with this one though. I can fill the tub up for him to play and splash and allow it to drain out when its time to wash. Great, so my son don't soak in dirty water which he does pee in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was worried about this purchase reading all the reviews.  So far so good.  My 9 month old son loves the water we use this in the tub for bath time where he splashes and has fun. I bought the Safety 1st Splash Infant Bath Cushion, Blue to go in it.  I use that sometimes as I don't find the bottom of the tub that slippery, my son stands up in it and doesn't slip.But I was worried about safety so I purchased the cushion.We also use it for a swimming pool, sort of.  We have had some very hot days so I take it out side on my deck putting a old blanket underneath & he just sits in it and plays.I like it also when he has diaper rash as I can put the baking soda in the water to help dry it up and the height of the tub allows me to get it high enough over his butt."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I couldn't find anywhere--not on amazon nor on the product or its packaging--what this tub is made of, but I suspect it might be made of PVC. It has a strong new-shower-curtain/new-pool-toy smell when you first open it, and I let it air out for a few days before using it. The smell is gone now, but I would have loved it if this tub were made of a less smelly (and probably more eco-friendly) material.Also, the tub doesn't fit directly under the faucet--half the water goes in the inflatable tub, and half of it goes between the inflatable tub and the side of the bathtub. I fill a large plastic bowl with water and dump it into the tub to fill the tub.Other than these issues, the tub is ok. The size is good and it does the job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used this tub for my baby from about 7 or 8 months old until about 13 months.  It was a great transition from our infant bathtub, giving her more space without using all the water that a full bath would require.  It only took moments to inflate by mouth, and I never needed to add more air.  I liked being able to use the tub in the middle of the big tub so my baby was never in close proximity to the faucet or water controls.  The vinyl is a nice quality, and I ended up using it outdoors as a small wading pool at my mother's house after the baby outgrew it for bath purposes.  Once she started walking it was not long that she learned how to climb out of the sides, but I'm very happy with the job that this tub did for the months we were able to use it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this for our 7 month old twins who have just started sitting up alone but are still a bit wobbly.  The tub is really cute but the bottom panel on the one we got had a leak and would not stay inflated, which completely defeats the purpose of creating a soft surface for them.  We ended up putting the infant bath sponge that we used when they were newborns in the bottom and sitting them on that.  They had a great time splashing and playing.  It's a great tub if you get one that holds air."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my daughter outgrew her infant tub, we went through a few different devices to try to give her a safe bath. She is VERY active so she doesn't like to sit for very long. We first tried the bath ring, that was a disaster. This snug tub has worked wonderfully. She is able to stand in it and splash around without us worrying about her breaking her head if she slips. It's very safe and fits snugly in our shower. I highly recommend this tub, especially if you have toddler who won't sit through baths!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm very satisfied with this affordable blow up tub.  The bottom part under the baby's butt blows up separately than the sides, which is nice because my 6 month old was unstable sitting on the blown up bottom at first.  She loves the ability to play in the water in here, I just have a hard time keeping her sitting in the tub, she keeps wanting to stand up and climb the bathtub walls. I think that's more an issue with my very active daughter than the tub though :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wanted this to use for the baby while I showered, and for him to play in while I dried off. We have a standard sized tub and this took up so much room that I had to step into it to enter or exit the tub. It would be ok for somebody who was sitting next to the tub while baby bathed, as it would save time and water not having to fill the whole tub.I had some problems with mold, and boy is it tough to get off once it's there. I tried scrubbing with vinegar and baking soda, and some bleach. It mostly came off but was still in the cracks. Honestly, we got more use putting this in the back yard during summertime, and now it's getting tossed out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this inflatable tub for my son because I wanted to have a portable tub for when I went traveling with him. This tub is great, I even use it at home. I started using this tub when my son was 6 months, he is now 9 months old. Now that he sits up on his own, it's a lot easier to bathe him. I like using this tub better than an infant bath seat because I can wash him more thoroughly, all around instead of having his legs fastened in a tub seat. If you travel, it's a great idea to get an inflatable tub, it's portable, and quite sturdy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The DEX Pillow is great.  I have been using it for about 3 weeks now and I am 21 weeks along.  The pillow is not overly big and fits nicely under the belly.  I tried the fully body boppy pillow, but had trouble sleeping with it and I had trouble with having to adjust it again after turning over.  This pillow is easy to change sides with.  Before pregnancy I slept on my belly.  I find that this pillow has really helped me transition from being a belly sleeper to a side sleeper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It is a small pillow, most useful underneath another pillow to give you a little elevation. It's really too uncomfortable to lay directly on it, maybe if you just wanted to put it between your legs it'd be okay. I don't think I'd call this a \"pregnancy pillow\" - it's too small. My wife needed full upper body elevation and a pillow 1/4 the size of her back (and only 4\" tall) isn't going to help. However this worked good for just head elevation (with another pillow on top)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think we bought this for $8. I was in the market for a snoogie but couldn't bring myself to pay $60 for a pillow I would only use for a few months. I am 7 months along and I didn't realize that I needed to 'lift' my belly a bit. Works great. A lot more sturdy than I thought. I'm glad it's not memory foam because I need a 'lift' not to sink in. I gave it 4 stars only because I have 2-3 more months to go in my pregnancy.A great buy! A great little size that does the job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pillow is smaller than a standard sized bed pillow.  It is just enough to wedge under my hip & keep me off of my vena cava (now 7 months along.)  It does not solve all of my comfort issues, but it gives me peace of mind that I'm not laying flat while I sleep (which I find myself doing without it.)  It seems like it will fit perfectly in my bassinet after the baby is here to elevate her head.  And when I'm done using it for that, it will make a perfect knee-separator pillow.  I have already gotten my $10 worth & forsee using it for a long time to come."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As other reviewers have mentioned, this is not for car seats.  However, it doesn't have to do with crash testing issues.  The technician who installed my car seat told me to never ATTACH anything to my car seat (including toys) that didn't come with the seat, and the way these headrests fit, that is considered to be attached.  The reason had to do with how your baby will fit in the seat.  It's the same reason you are not supposed to put your baby in a car seat when he or she is extremely bundled up- you end up securing the clothing more than the baby.  The technician did recommend the rolled blanket idea- the blankets will not cause harm to your baby in a crash, and they do not interfere with how the baby fits in the seat at all.I am using mine in the stroller and his swing.  It works well for these items.  I give it three stars because it is not totally useless."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This headrest is perfect.  Since day one my daughter has been comfy using this.  When she was teeny tiny the insert kept her head from flopping forward.  Now that she is bigger we use it without the insert and she's still happy.  At 4 months she has wonderful head control, but I wouldn't put her in her carseat without this.  I tried the head rest that came with her Graco car seat and it was terrible.  It sort of lets her head roll all over when we carry her from the house to the car.  For a small baby I wouldn't even think about using the flimsy headrest they give you with the seat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I don't really know if this thing works or not because my 8 mo old refuses to have anything to do with it. Keep in mind that she puts anything & everything in her mouth, will eat any food I try to feed her & is currently teething. It seems like a great idea for that short transition period between mush & solids. This particular one appealed to me because it's not dyed & it's made in the USA. As to whether or not it works? I will never know!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item seems like a good idea, but after purchasing two I feel that we've fallen victim to \"new parent baby marketing\". Our baby wasn't interested at all in sucking on anything in it. She woudln't even go for fruits that we knew she loved. I'm guessing the mesh is too distracting or annoying to them(?) She would just shake it around, bang it, or throw it. Also, it's a total pain to clean it. The netting never gets clean in the dishwasher.Save your money on this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What a great way to introduce baby to fresh fruit &amp; veggies. No choking! I admit the older style bags were hard to clean (Oxy clean and an overnight soak in hot water in a cup before a top-rack dishwasher run did get it clean, but was messy and took extra time).Now, new easy-clean/disposable bags are here! Look for them out there--our BRU had them recently. Pitch them if they're really bad, but just unscrew bag from ring, scrub or soak both and voila, put back together and re-use. Then throw them away as the bags age, tear or stain.Alex has used ours since 4 months of age and our original bags plus newer replacements are still going strong at 10 months, with repeated dishwasher-ing."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this product a few months ago despite all the bad reviews and so far I have not had a problem with it. My son loves it. I've had this sitting in the sink (dirty) for days sometimes and I have never once had a problem cleaning it. The best way I figured out on cleaning this product is to just clean it with hot water and dish detergent and clean out the inside really good with the same type of brush that you use to clean out the bottles. Even the bananas come out and who cares if its a little stained as long as you know that its clean. I was in the store the other day and saw a similar version of this item made by Munchkin at less than half the price of this one. I wish I found it before because this baby safe feeder is a little outrageous in price for this kind of item. I would still  definately recommend this product though."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this as a shower gift from my sister-in-law.  When I received it, I had NO idea what is was or what it was for.  Needless to say, my perception of this has significantly changed (for the BETTER!) I use this for my 7 1/2 month old son with canned pears, pieces of apple and canned peaches...Just cut up the canned fruits/veggies to fit in the bag, and let your little one have at it! Better yet, when they're teething, freeze cubes of juice, and put the cube(s) in the bag--they'll thank you for it! They'll throughly enjoy feeding themselves (albeit making a mess too)...but more importantly, they are LEARNING to feed themselves as well as about the textures and consistencies of food other than the pureed versions they're so used to.  It's durable and EASY to clean, and replacment \"bags\" are found pretty much any child store."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We started using this feeder when my son was just 3 months old.  He loved the flavor of melon, but we were uncomfortable with letting him bite on a piece of melon for fear he might choke.  The baby feeder was the perfect answer.You can cut up just about anything and place it in the feeder bag.  We even put lightly frozen grapes in it when my son was teething.  We used it mostly for fruit, especially melon, grapes, pears, and strawberries.  I will admit that it can be messy to use this feeder, but it was totally worth it to us to give our son a chance to learn to love fresh fruits.  Enjoy!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this to help with teething and help my baby explore new food without choking.  Overall , it's pretty good.  I think you can buy this one and not the \"Starter Kit.\"  All you really need is one set.  I have tried it with ice, which she loves, and peas and a frozen peach.  It is a huge mess, which I can deal with.  The main issue I have with it is that the mesh is pretty thick so it's hard for her to actually get any food out of it.  It is easy to clean and she likes it overall.  I wouldn't say this is one of my indispensable baby items though."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It was okay while it lasted but then the mesh started unraveling at the seams. I like the concept of this but in practical use, my 7.5 month old wasn't thrilled about using this. The handle is a bit heavy and I wondered why they couldn't make it a little lighter to hold. My baby ends up holding onto the mesh part of this b/c the handle is too heavy for her. Eating out of this does get really messy but that's going to happen any time babies try to feed themselves. In comparison to the Munchkin Feeder I bought, this is nice in that the handle screw off but the Munchkin feeder is much more durable and the mesh is easier to clean."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had been using the Gerber bags for quite a while when I ran out and decided to try some of the Medela bags that came with my pump.I frequently just couldn't seem to get the bags to completely seal - and I had NEVER had this problem with the Gerber bags.I always ended up making a mess when trying to use the 'spout' at the bottom of the bag.And the worst part - I didn't realize the twist-ties were cutting into the sides of the bags on more than one occasion.  I took the bag out of the freezer and into the fridge to thaw and ended up with a shelf full of breastmilk.Maybe these bags work for supermoms, but they didn't work well for busy, sloppy me.  Apparently I can handle a ziploc baggie but not a twist tie!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for and received these Medela bags.  After using all 50, I got a few free Lansinoh bags with my breast pad purchase.  Wow!! I will never go back to Medela.  The reason I registered for them is because everyone says they are strong and don't leak.  Well this is the only good feature.  The Lansinoh bag is strong as well, easy to close (DOUBLE zip-lock Vs. Medela's bothersome twisty ties), easy to get the air out (unlike Medela's), and the Lansinoh's take-up WAY less room in the freezer! Stacking Medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape...and thawing will be difficult because I can see I'll need to watch that the milk doesn't spill out the top.  With Lansinoh I won't have to worry about that.  My medela bags haven't split in the freezer...I'll give them that.  But neither has my Lansinoh bag."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really liked the Medela products at first, but I never really liked these bags, mainly because you have to tie them with a folded over twist tie to close them.  If you get too much milk in the bag, it will leak when you close it up.  Then one of my bags tipped over in the freezer and it leaked, causing a frozen puddle of breast milk in my brand new freezer to clean.  Plus, the bag got stuck in the puddle.I have also used the Gerber bags, and I liked those much better."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had some of these that came with my Medela pump and like some other reviewers I thought they would be a good deal since I've really liked my Medela pump.  I really didn't like using them with the twist ties.  That didn't make sense to me at all.  I tried the First Years that have a zip-loc top and they've worked better.  They sit on their own and don't need to be set in a cup!I do prefer using bottles to store milk and have found the Mother's Milk Mate storage bottles to be a great cheap alternative for storage bottles."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bags leave a lot to be desired.  They don't stand up on their own so you have to set them in a cup when they have milk in them.  They don't lie down flat, so you can't freeze them in a nice flat layer to stack in the freezer.  The twist-tie top causes the bags to freeze with a lot of folds and ridges at the neck - this made it impossible for me to open a frozen bag to add more milk later on.  And I've never been able to tear open the little tab at the bottom to get the milk out - I have to snip the edge with a scissors, which I'm sure defeats the purpose of having a nice, sterile inside.  All in all, I'm really disappointed in these bags, and the only positive side to them is I haven't had any burst in the freezer...yet."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased these bags when I returned to work and began pumping more often.  What a waste!!  The twist tie design is both clumsy and ineffective.  You can never tie them tight enough and spills are frequent.  In additon to this, the cost is ridiculous.  The Gerber bags with the zip lock design are much more economical and are leak proof.  They can be found at most retail stores including Target and Walmart. These bags do not measure up to the Medela name and they should consider a new design. Returning to work and continuing to nurse your baby is hard enough without the hassle of these bags."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this gadget.  I bought two extra bases for my infant car seat for both my husband's and my mother's car.  Unlike my car, there center seat has a harness strap.  Those are hard to get really tight.  My center seat has just the lap belt and it was easy to secure the base.  With the harness strap it was just too hard to get the seat in tight enough.  With the mighty tight, it was a snap.  You just hooked it in, cranked it, and voula!!!That seat isn't going anywhere.  I love it.  It is easy to use, it makes the seat secure, and it is sturdy.  You must have this if you are trying to secure a seat in a position with a shoulder harness."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this sheet because I believed everything should be &quot;form fitting&quot; if my son was to be in it - to prevent possible suffocation, choking....This sheet was so rough I could not lay my baby on it.  After washing 3-4 times with loads of fabric softener - no difference.I used it once and it's been in the closet ever since.I ended up putting a thin blanket in the packnplay and tucking it into the sides instead.  It was soft, and when my child was sleeping he didn't pull it out.If and when I use the pack and play as a playpen, I may pull the sheet out and try again.  For the basinett - don't bother."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We own these sheets and they are great specially for my nephew..they seem \"thin\" but actually they are not to thin...i washed them many times from baby puke...these sheets has saved our travel yard from the evil smell of vomit! and i put a light weight blanket under him (on top of the sheet.) when he was a newborn/1month old...these sheets kept our play yard very clean!! and we love them and will buy more when baby #2 comes! we also have the yellow one and this green one..they both get used daily and washed daily (if puke happens) and we love the easy on and easy off!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this item (in a different color) two years ago for my son.It is NOT waterproof- but what SHEET is?!  I recommend purchasing a 27\" size BRU Especially for Baby Brand waterproof pad to go under the sheet (Just like you would buy a waterproof cover for your crib mattress!).  The sheet will hold the pad in place and fit perfectly over top both the pad and mattress.This sheet is durable and launders easily.I was so pleased with this product, I would purchase it again!  In fact, I did!  I am expecting TWINS, so I purchased another sheet in this color and also TWO of the smaller size for my two Graco Travel Lite Cribs/PNP's.Good job, Graco for coming up with yet another GREAT product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this sheet for my son's Colby Pack n Play as a spare for when his original aheet requires washing.  There's not much to say about a sheet. To me, a sheet's a sheet.  The price could have been a bit better but the color is nicer and doesn't show stains as much as some lighter colored sheets do.  I would recommend this over white, yellow, certain blues and pinks.  For the purpose I got this for I have no qualms.  We haven't had any bleeds and the sheet isn't stiff or scratchy.  I would never use this long term but for short term use this is convenient.  I'm glad I got it and I have no complaints but there is only so much raving you ca do about a piece of fabric so I say, buy it as a backup.  You will need it, especially for preemies, newborns and teething babies/toddlers because they can go through several sets of bedcloths a day."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I also almost didn't buy these sheets because of the reviews on this site, but I couldn't find another brand either, so I picked up two of these in navy.The sheets are a bit on the thin side (they are the thinnest sheets we own for him), but since our son has been sleeping in the bassinet in our room since day one, they are the only sheets he's ever slept on. They are okay sheets that are holding up very well, even through numerous washings. Oh, and they aren't elasticized, but it is so tricky to get them on the bassinet, I have no worries that they will come up (we haven't used the play yard feature yet).By the way, we've been using them all through a hot Colorado summer; if this were winter I would definitly be looking for something softer and cozier."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I nursed our son for about 7 weeks without this, like many mothers, slouching and what not was killing my already injured back, a friend of mine had one and i tried it...loved it! Ordered one for myself and cant do without. Even ordered an addiotional one for my grandparents house that we are going to in the next week in another state! Highly recommend and I will definantly be using this for our other babies to come!Thanks Medela for once again, making an outstanding product...also...If anyone is having problems with there child- reguardless of age-- lactching on or nipple soreness or whatever......I recommend the medela nipple shield, I used it for latch on problems and immediately my son nurses just fine, its for temporary use but I have been using it non stop sense my son was born..keeps me from being sore! You can buy it at Target or anywhere Medela products are sold.I own the pump in style advanced... get this one, its worth every penny!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I didn't think a stool could really make it more comfortable to nurse, but I was wrong!  I used this with an old rocking chair and found that my legs were much more comfortable when propped up - especially during those long nights of rocking!  The stool is well-built and comes ready to use in the box.  The natural wood color is attractive and goes with nearly any decor (just so happens that my crib and baby armoire are also natural wood color).  I imagine this would be a great stool to use if you were nursing on a chair or couch that was stationary as well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Once you have this stool, you will use it long after you stop nursing. It is wonderful for just propping your feet up while reading, watching TV, doing needlework, and much more. I have a rocker/glider that I use in my front room and the gliding ottoman is just awkward and bulky. I was using a regular child's step stool but have had to tip it onto two legs and I'm starting to notice some wear on my carpet. It is also easier to pick up and move out of the way than the ottomans or switch to the couch."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I liked this product because it's a good rubbery material to chew on, but it only fit on the sides of our crib as the front bar is much wider. I had actually gotten these & put them on when my daughter was in the crib, but after being on a few months, they almost looked kind of liquidy underneath and when I went to remove them, they removed some of the wood varnish as well, so I left them on to look better. My daughter actually never did bite on the crib railings but my son does (3yrs later) and prefers chewing on the front bar best, of course. At least the side bars they fit on will not be used when it's converted to a full size bed, but there will still be those teeth marks on the bed footer. Oh well, it's kind of cute. I plan to use one of those wood color markers to cover the teeth marks if it really bothers me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like the idea but in reality didn't work for us.  We would have had to order 3 sets to cover the 4 sides of his crib which gets pricey. The length (from top to bottom) is not enough for his crib either - his rails are more like 2 or 3 inches.  So he can get his bottom chompers underneath these and still go to town on the wood. And of course he pulls them off easily and throws them to the floor too (11 months).  I'm going to order some cloth ones that can be safely tied on-not interested in a DIY project when it comes to ties and cribs."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This power cord protector seems to be working fine so far. My baby isn't one to pry her little fingers into the hole on top so that hasn't been an issue for us. It comes with outlet plugs, which were handy for the empty ones. I don't find the pieces that hook it together difficult to line up. Many people had commented they were difficult so I actually opened and closed it multiple times to test it out. No problem. It takes some minor concentration to line the pieces up. And it is actually white, not the yellow it appears to be in the photo."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The opening on this is too narrow to accommodate iPhone/iPod/MacBook adapters.  If the cover were taller, it wouldn't be an issue because the whole adapter could fit inside, but it's not.  It's just too short, even for the smallest of the Apple adapters.  So I had to return this anyway, but if I'd kept it, I would only have wanted to use it for a power strip that I never need to add/remove plugs on -- the tabs to open the cover are a serious pain...and ironically would be easier to open if my hands were smaller."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have a basic single row power strip, and i couldn't shut the smaller side door or it would depress the power switch... therefore making this completely useless to me.The snap buttons are hard to open and close, so it would be good to keep little fingers out, but i just couldnt use it for my power strip.The stip i have is SIMILAR to this one,&lt;...>but not exactly the same. Mine is dark color and newer looking with spots labeled \"adapter\" so you can plug in large plugs and not lose any outlet space."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We are fortunate in the design of our computer desk.  A baby safety gate did the trick for us. Instead of installing a power strip safety cover, I purchased an inexpensive tension safety gate (ten bucks) and pushed it way back under the desk against the wall with all the cords and boxes (routers etc.) behind it.  Keeps his little hands out of everything and I still have room for my chair & feet.  Still trying to find the best solution for protection for 2 other strips in our home. Seems like nothing is perfect."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These have worked very well for us.  We have power strips of a couple different sizes in our house, and this fits over all of them.  It is large enough to cover all the bulky plugs we have plugged into the strips as well.  I was surprised to read another reviewer found this too small.  I think the cover should work for most single-wide power strips; it probably wouldn't work for a powerstrip with two rows of outlets.  I found it relatively easy to open and close.  I don't think my baby daughter will be able to open them herself, and she won't be able to reach her fingers in and shock herself.  I now own at least five of these."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this for the power strip in our livingroom by our tv.  It does a great job of hiding the strip and the plugs and I like that you can open the part of the on/off switch separate from the section where the plugs are.  But there also lies the problem with this.  The clips on the side are not easy to reattach.  So as long as you don't plan on opening and closing this a lot then it works great.... but if you need a cover over a strip that you need to access a lot, then this one will most likely frustrate you quickly!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's not flimsy to me at all.  Maybe because the carpeting in our apartment stabalizes it, but it's perfect.  I also think it's very pretty - it brightened up the room.  I just love it.  Makes me want to further decorate the room for the baby.  Perfect height for me as well and plenty of storage room.  I do wish the pad furnished was a bit thicker and softer but it's sufficient.  I like how it's covered in smooth vinyl so we can clean it very easily.  Great table for a great price!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this changing table at a used baby store because I recieved the crib as a hand me down. Even being used this changing table is great. There are no problems. It's very sturdy and durable for the price. I have the shelves loaded up with alot of things and no problems at all. The shelves are made of a type of posterboard wood but they are sturdy. The pad that came with it is very thin and cheap so I purchased a better one. But this changing table is definitely worth the moderate price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was going to get the \"spindle\" changing table from POttery Barn Kids but found this one, at about 1/3rd of the price. This one is even better b/c of the rail that goes around the actual changing area.. i do recommend a contoured changing pad with a comfy cover. i have attached a crib mobile to this table to keep katie happy during diaper time. this changing table looks good in her room, i also bought the Jenny Lind crib. i did get the baskets from PBK to store stuff neatly on the shelves. The only complaint that i have is that the shelves are basically hard cardboard, but dont let that discourage you b/c they really are sturdy and as i mentioned i've got baskets on the shelves so you really dont notice."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item is serviceable and probably something you could buy to use to basically get ruined without stressing about it.  The Wendy Bellisimo changing pad covers are only $2 more and much better quality fabric.  The terry used for these is very cheap and scratchy, like an old towel.  I am using them but am not fussed on how long they last or what happens to them, I won't be buying any more though.  Carter's also makes lap pads that are great for use over the changing pad.  You don't strictly speaking need a cover, it's easier if you don't use one.  I never used covers with DD and never had a problem."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These drop-ins are okay - they are not an improvement over an ordinary bottle. Yes, I can simply throw these liners away after using them, but since I still have to wash the bottle's nipple, this system does not save me any time. I use these liners in conjunction with my bottle warmer and they don't melt, which is good. I bought the Playtex Drop-In system to try to reduce the amount (frequency and quantity) that my baby spits up. However, the amount of spit-up is the same - not better, but also not worse."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have some Dr. B brand bottles. They are awesome. But when I was a first time mom, I hated washing bottles and parts. It didn't take much time, but still it took time. So I switched to Playtex Drop-Ins bottles. Yay! I rinsed tons of nipples and washed them all at once later on the day. Now I have my 2nd child. Playtex Drop-ins is the only one I use.The liners are expendable. It designed for the bottle. It's durable and doesn't have plastic smell like other generic brand I used once.Please note: If you want to use generic brand liners, you fill water to the water lines ON THE LINER instead of the marks on the bottle itself. The water level/volumn is different."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are so easy. I don't have to wash a million bottles anymore! I just have to wash the nipples. The only complaint I have is that I pre-fill with water and dump in the formula when I'm ready, but when I put in the 8 oz. and let the bottle sit for a while, the bag expands a little so it only looks like I have 7 oz. So the measurements may be a little off. I would use a measuring cup to make sure you get exactly how much water you want and not rely on the liner's measurements."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have twins so when purchasing products, it was all about investing money in things that would make our lives simpler.  These Drop-Ins work really well for the bottles. The bag collapses as they consume the contents, which supposedly improves problems with gas but I'm not sure this system accomplishes it better than any others. Because the bag is thin, it also takes a lot less time to warm bottles if that is a consideration. The real savings is the manpower and time necessary for cleaning. I only have 4 bottles per baby, replace the liner and nipple when necessary, and wash everything once a day.  These don't come cheap so I don't think there is any cost savings associated with this versus buying a boat load of bottles."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Couldn't find this in stores around my area. But I've used this before and they're great. It's convenient and it minimizes the need for a lot of bottles and best part is they're disposables. I never had problems with this drop-in liners before although I did read another review that there's another liner that can be used with the drop-in nurser bottles, just as good if not more effective, cheaper and more count. Regardless, this has my stamp of approval and I would recommend this for new parents."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love the drop-ins system.  I used them for my first daughter when I went back to work and my family who watched her loved the convenience of them. I am using them again for my DCP for my second daughter. There is less washing needed during the day as the bottle doesn't get dirty.  I have never had an issue with these and was happy to find them on Amazon!P.S. There is also a system you can buy to pump directly into the bottles.  It was cheap and saves a step!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these liners. They are a quick and easy way to ensure a sterile container for my milk. I have never had a problem with them leaking except for one time when I was squeezing the air out, squeezed a little too hard and POP!!, breastmilk everywhere. I learned my lesson- squeeze gently, if at all. My only complaints are: 1. They are a bit pricey for plastic bags but the convenience factor makes up for it, imho. 2. The amount markings on the bags are a bit hard to read and don't really line up with the markings on the nurser shells, so the only way I can tell how much my LO has taken is to pour out and measure the leftover milk. Otherwise, this is a great product!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I tried Avent and Dr. Browns before switching to Playtex Drop Ins.  I liked all three but Playtex drop ins are so easy!  And, the way the nipple is, for my daughter, seems to be the most natural and closest to breastfeeding.  if you feel the nip, sounds weird!, it has a texture to it that other bottles don't.  most bottles nips are pretty \"hard\" unless you go latex...which scared me because I didn't want to find out the hard way that my baby had a latex allergy!  Anyway, the silicone nip on the playtex nursers is much softer and pliable so the baby can kind of pull on it as she wants to.  It's great!  I highly recommend.  Hopefully this review is not too strange :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I started the first month of motherhood washing and sterilizing bottles multiple times a day. Then I came upon these Playtex nursers with disposable liners, and now I only use a regular bottle if I have to.  Valuable time has been saved, now that I'm using these things instead!The only caution I have for others out there is to be very aware of the measurements. Because the liners can accommodate 8-10oz of fluid, don't trust the measurements on this. I noticed the difference when I poured 5oz of pre-measured milk that had been stored in a milk storage bag, and when it was in the Playtex bottle, the bottle indicated only 4oz of fluid.Aside from needing to be more conscious of the measurements, this bottle liner system has been a life changing discovery for my household."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When used with the slow flow nipple and the breast pump adapter kit this is the closest to breastfeeding as you can get.I bought the breast pump adapter kit and now i pump in these bags and never have to use a bottle holder at all.no more milk transfer from bottle to bottle, and no more air at all.  you can squeeze all the air out of these liners.take a look at the images to see step by step how i connect this to my pump kit and using the adapter rings and caps store, and feed without the need for the nurser bottle to mimic as close to mommy breastfeeding as possible.  For medical reasons my baby could not latch and this allowed me to bond with my daughter and have gas free feedings and be literally as close to breast as possible.  Check out the images - you will see for yourself this amazing way to nurse your baby."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using those for months and will keep using them. They are convenient because it is easy to prep a per-sterilized bottle without having to worry about cleaning bottles. I usually rotate with 4 nipples so I always have at least one clean to put on the bottle and it is ready.The bags don't seem to collapse as the milk is drunk. This might be more an issue with the bottle itself than the drop-in.First few times I wasn't careful in positioning the drop in and ending up pouring the most of the milk on baby due to a bad leak. After doing that twice I was more careful in positioning the drop-in.Conclusion it is a great idea, time saver on cleaning."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used disposable drop-in liners from multiple stores (Wally-World, the bullseye store, & various drugstores) and find that they all work just as fine as these Playtex ones do, but at half the price.  I like that the Playtex liners are thinner feeling, meaning the liner collapses better inside the bottle when baby is drinking...but even with the others feeling like a thicker plastic, they work as well.  Playtex, come down in price and you'll get 5 stars instead of only 4."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These liners are a great idea in theory. I only use them because my baby like the latex nipples and not many other bottle brands have latex nipples anymore. The measurements are a nightmare, I have to guess how much breastmilk I am pouring in the bottle. The only thing that helps is that I pour it in from a lansinoh storage bag and that gives me a better idea of how much I am putting in.With regards to leaks and the liner lip pulling free and falling out, I only experienced that with the 4oz liners but that was because I was overfilling them. However I am always worried about this happening so I screw the nipple on very carefully. It would be great if the nipple ring was clear so you could see if the liner is on the verge of pulling free or not."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used these with my first daughter 8 years ago. They are wonderful! You do not have to sit and wash bottles constantly. The baby will also have less gas since there is little to no air to contend with. The only difference with these are that they are expandable. This may make a difference for some using formula in respect to measuring differently with the expansion. I will be using them to store breast milk for when I go from breast to bottle as baby gets older so the expansion won't affect me any. I recommend these liners for everyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The playtex with drop-ins system works great. Makes cleaning super easy - since you don't need to sterilize the bottle every time you use it. The liner and the nipple are the only things that come in contact with milk - the liner is disposed off after one use, and the nipple can be easily sterilized.This system works particularly well when traveling. I introduced these to my son when he was 2.5 months old and we were on a flight for 16 hours. I simply took 2 nurser bottles, lots of liners, and many nipples. Made cleaning super easy on the flight - and gave me the piece of mind that everything was sterilized. The biggest advantage was that my luggage was a lot less bulky (as opposed to traveling with 8 glass bottles).The only downside: The 1 oz, 2 oz, 3 oz etc markings on the nurser are not correct. You should use another system of measurement to figure out how much milk/water you want to pour in the nurser."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product works directly with our Medela breastpump with the use of adapters that come with the breastpumping kit.  It is nice not to have to transfer the breast milk from one container to another.  I cannot comment on the freezing aspect since I did not make enough milk to be able to freeze.  The only downfall to the liners that we found is measuring out the quantity is not accurate if the liner isn't fully expanded.  We measure in a different container and pour into the liner.  The best part about this system is that we are sure that the container holding the milk is clean- we just don't trust a regular plastic bottle to come completely clean.  Our other bottles are the good old fashioned Evenflo glass bottles.  All in all, we recommend this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these and will be buying more.  I like that is made of tissue paper and nothing plastic.  They absorb pretty well--I admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast, but 95% of the time it doesn't leak into my changing pad sheet. I usually throw away the wet peewee pad right away so it doesn't have time to leak anyway. These really are a lifesaver and save me from excess washing of the changing pad cover. I only wish that Amazon sold the 108 ct instead of just the 36 ct pack."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This warmer costs more than it's worth.  We have to stand there while it's &quot;warming&quot; a bottle until the light turns off and then when we check the bottle it's still cold.  Having to stand hawk eyed over a bottle warmer with a crying, hungry baby isn't fun...especially when it doesn't warm the first time around.  On the other hand, if the bottle stays in a minute too long, the milk gets so hot that we have to set it in cold water.  There has to be something better out there!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this as a gift and was surprised at how quickly this warms bottles.  However, if you don't pay attention, it will overheat the bottle.  It would really be helpful if there was a timer or auto shut-off because the water can become scalding.  I usually use the wide-neck bottles so I don't have the \"floating\" problem but the few times I did use the slim regular bottles and did experience the floating bottle.  The upside is that it does accommodate the wide neck bottles.  It's also an easy-to-clean item."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought the idea of a bottle warmer was a rediculous waste of money before I had my daughter. I breastfeed, but have a hard time functioning in the middle of the night, so I pump during the day and warm a bottle for the baby in the middle of the night. For three weeks I boiled water in a pot and held the bottle with metal tongs...not ideal for someone half asleep. Once we coughed up the money for this warmer I was a much happier, half-asleep mom. It only takes about 8 minutes to heat a 5 oz. bottle. Since the heating elements are on the bottom of the product, I would suggest swirling the bottle and testing the temperature before giving it to the baby, better safe than sorry. Cleaning of the product is ultra-easy as well, vinegar, water and some soak time and it's good as new."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My mom got me this for a present because it used to be that you had to heat your bottles for formula.  Now you can feed the infants room temp, warmed, or cold.  I make the bottles as I feed so I feed room temp. and actually, this is what my baby likes most.  Sometimes I buy the ready to feed and store the bottles in the fridge so I warm them, but honestly, it takes a lot longer to do that than to just make the bottles.I think that this warmer actually takes longer to warm the bottles than to just put the bottle under hot water.  Just my opinion."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've had this warmer for 3.5 years, and have used it for both of my boys. It still works, after 3.5 years, as well as it did when I bought it. The only thing I don't like is that you have to add water almost everytime you use it, and that it doesn't have automatic shut-off. I have burnt much milk and formula in my life! (When you're chasing two kids, it's easy to forget you're cooking a bottle!) And, there have been times, too, that I've forgotten to unplug it for hours at a time... my fault, I know, but another reason auto-shut-off would be great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I first purchased another bottle warmer which I promptly returned because it did not work.  I received this bottle warmer as a gift from a friend who has three children, two of which are twins.  So, I figured she knew what was good and what was not.  And she was right, this works well.  I read some of the other reviews of this product but can only say I've had no problems with this.  It's easy to use and always warms the bottle just right...not too hot, not too cold.  I'm very pleased with this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this product as a combo with the Avent Sterilizer.  ((Side note: the Sterilizer is a MUST HAVE item!!))It's nice to have a place to warm the bottle, and it does cut down on wasting water (vs the other method of a bowl of warm water).  The biggest plus is it's faster to prepare.  The problem that I had with the bowl of water method is that I would over heat the water then have to do a cool down process.  I thought this product would help with that but it doesn't.  You can get the water to almost boiling.  You have to time it, but again, it's fast and ready to go in 6-7 minutes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used this for a short time. It was more of a pain for us.I hated that you had to keep on top of it or you would never know how long it was in there. A timer would have been nice (and cheap enough to add).I hated how I had to unplug it and plug it in every time I wanted to use it.Yes, it may be the best there is out there, but that doesn't mean too much. It still has many flaws.Now I love Avent items but this one they dropped the ball on. There is so much they could have done with this that they didn't. Oh well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a really great product... With just a little bit of water it sterilize everything really fast and it turn off by itself...And it's big enought to put almost everything you  want to... I really prefer this one instead of the microwave one because the other one is smaller, what means that you have to spend more electricity because you have to sterilize more times!!! And not even try to boil the bottles in the stove .... believe me, you would forget to turn it off... That has happend to me a thousand times in my mother's house!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We started off sterilizing using the old-fashioned, boiling water in a pot...what a mess and waste of time! Standing over the boiling pot and risking steam burns ran out of fun very quickly. After I got over the sticker shock for the sterilizer and got it home, I couldn't see how we survived before! It's quick, easy and efficient. New moms have enough to mess with, don't spend you few, precious moments each day waiting for a pot of water to boil, splurge on this item and you won't regret it!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This sterilizer is GREAT!  My girlfriend boiled her bottles and I can't believe how much easier (and safer) this is!  This only takes minutes and no risk of steam burns!I also sterilized the Avent breast pump and all of its parts in this sterilizer.  It worked great!Another plus:  the two racks with the tiny holes (not the one that the bottles rest on) can be snapped together to form a \"basket\" if you wanted to throw stuff into your dishwasher.  I've never done that...I'd rather sterilize the bottles and nipples and stuff using the steam from the water and not use detergents from a dishwasher...my baby's not even a month old yet...maybe after he's older, I'll use that feature as well.  For now, this sterilizer is EXCELLENT!  Definitely worth the money!  We're very pleased with it.  We also have the Avent food warmer...another great buy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have a dishwasher and had a full term very healthy child, and still used this product. Lids and nipples tend to turn up in the dishwasher and retain water, and sediment..so what is point if I have to just rewash them?This sterilizer holds 6 bottles, nipples, tops, and pacifiers all at the same time. You can put breast pump parts in it, and anything else that you need to sterilize. I washed everything, filled this with the items and water, and popped it in at 6 minutes in our microwave to have perfectly clean and sterilized bottles, pacifiers, or breast pump parts. I used this everyday until my son was 6 months old, when we stopped sterilizing bottles. Its easy, safe, convenient, and fast."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought this would be a great way to get my bottles clean but you still have to scrub them clean first yourself, THEN prepare this thing to stick in the microwave for x-amt of time, THEN wait for it to cool.... too much to do prior to getting a bottle ready for a fussy baby!&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;If your baby has an immune promblem, then this may be great for you, otherwise, skip on this and just buy a nice bottle brush.... I like the one by Munchkin.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;BUT if you still decide to get this, check it in the store first, because when I got mine home it was USED- it had obvisiously been returned (someone else thought it was useless too I guess) with milk residue on the bottles- yuck!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Despite the concerns about BPA we are using these bottles for our daughter, and using canned formula to supplement breastfeeding. The concern with BPA seems to be heightened when the bottles are washed with hot water, or sterilized at hot temperatures. We bought this sterilizer, but have stopped using it. However, we still use the dishwasher, which is fairly hot. I am keeping an eye on Avent's statements:[...]We keep using them because they seem to be really excellent bottles and nipples, she feeds easily and doesn't get a whole lot of gas. The nipples are designed so that you can graduate her to faster flow nipples as she gets bigger. We are hoping that the BPA concerns will turn out to be unwarranted."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had an electric steraliser (which died) before buying this one.  I wish I had had this steraliser all along.  It's so easy to load up, everything fits snuggly and has it's place (I had trouble with bottles falling over in my electric steraliser), and extremely easy to wash and keep clean (the electric steraliser was a pain to clean - especially the element).As we use Avent bottles - 4 fit perfectly and are steralised in 8 minutes (our microwave isn't very powerful).  From the instructions it looks like other bottles fit easily as well.I use this daily and haven't had a problem with it - easy to use, easy to secure the lid and I use it for my bottles and dummies.Recommended if you are using bottles and especially the Avent brand."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This sterilizer is absolutely wonderful, especially if you take your baby on the road, i.e. to the grandparents' house.  If they've got a microwave, then you're ready to go.It's also very durable.  Ours gets lots of use every day and yet looks like it just came out of the box brand new.  Plus, unlike a bottle warmer appliance, there are no moving part or electrical components to wear out or break, so we expect we'll be using ours for years/babies to come."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is such a great item and I can't say enough good things about it!  I use it several times a day for pacifiers, baby bottles, and breast pump bottles.  It couldn't be easier than popping things in the microwave for 5 minutes and knowing that your baby is getting sterilized items.A word of advice- be careful about removing it from the microwave.  The water inside and the steam can scald if you are not cautious.  Let it sit for a few minutes before opening, because the water can splash when opening the lid."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this.  This is the most wonderful item I have gotten.  I clean the bottles and then load them into this.  4 to 5 minutes later, the bottles are all sterilized.  I love this.  Since I express milk and freeze it, it is reassuring knowing that the storage containers are sterile.  I also love it because you never know if you are washing the bottles and pacifiers and such with warm enough water (I am a first time mom).  With the sterilizers I just have that reassurance that everything is clean enough for my baby.  This is well worth the money.  It is so easy to use and comes with extra bottles."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We initially bought this sterilizer for use with our first child born in 2005. I loved it then, but I'm even more impressed with some updated details in the version we just bought for our second child. Before, putting on and removing the lid used to be a bit awkward. Now, easy-to-use latches have made doing both completely hassle-free. The inner steam tray also has more slots and spots that make arranging items easier. The older version was very similar but did not have specialized \"compartments\" to such an extent. All in all, it remains an extremely easy product to use because if I had to sit there sterilizing by boiling water and whatnot, it surely would not get done. That the sterilizer comes with bottles is pure bonus. I'd buy the steamer alone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is great!  I used to boil water to have my first child's bottles sterilized.  Then I got this for my 2nd and 3rd children.  I read the other reviews that it's much easier to just pop it in the dishwasher.  But what about for some of us who don't run their dishwashers daily(maybe because it's not a full load yet).  This sterilizer only takes 7 oz. of water and it takes 4 minutes in the microwave and your bottles, nipples, pacifiers, breast pump, etc. are sterilized.  You can't beat 7 ounces of water and 4 minutes of time.  You can't always wait for the dishwasher, which can take 30 minutes of more, plus all the water being used.  So for me, I think this sterilizer is great and it is very convenient."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I highly recommend this product whether you are breast or bottle feeding (or sippie cup for that matter). I did not originally register for this item because I didn't think it was necessary, especially since we have a dishwasher. This is a great tool to get all those baby/toddler items germ free. I mainly use mine for sterilizing my breast pump supplies, bottles, and pacifiers. 4 minutes in the microwave and its done. Its not necessary to sterilize all baby products but when something really needs to be, it sure beats having to run the dishwasher. There are just the 3 of us so we only need to run the dishwasher about twice a week. I find that I sterilize more often just because it is so easy to use this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Yet another great product from Avent!  This is so very easy to use and in minutes you have sterilized bottles, pacifiers, toys, pretty much anything that you can fit into the the thing.  We have a dishwasher, but our doctor advised that newborns can be sensitive to the soap the first few months.  Plus with animals in the house, we just like the idea of a little extra peace of mind.  By the way, we started with the electric sterilizer but after reading the directions and seeing it's size we returned it for this one.  This one is easier to store and use and is faster."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this one as well as the full size counter version. This one was really helpful with pacifiers and nipples. I had a harder time with bottles just cause not many fit in it. But I found that bottles in the dishwasher and nipples and pacis in the microwave steamer were much better. In the dishwasher the nipples sometimes come out with the white dish det. film on it, of course in the sterilizer..not..BUT please don't worry about being burned. Common sense tells you what to touch or not touch and honestly if you do it once...you won't do it again.. Overall better for the money then the bigger one from Avent."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have to pump milk for my daughter at my office, and getting my pump parts clean was challenging.  Our sink doesn't put out enough got water for me to feel that my parts were really clean and safe.  Now, I wash the parts and then put them through a steam sterilization in the office microwave, and I pump with the confidence that I'm not adding harmful bacteria to my breastmilk.  It also serves as a nice place to store my pump parts at the office, where I know they will remain clean and untouched."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product is easy to use, works well and is FAST . . . and everyone knows that time is precious is a new baby.  I use Advent bottles & pacifiers and they fit perfect as do all the parts to my Medela breast pump.  I don't use the sterilizer every time anymore since my daughter is a little older now.  I run the bottles & pacifiers though the dishwasher so I feel comfortable with the heat they get from that.  This sterilizer is great though as it is very light weight and easy to store in between uses.  It's up to you & your doctor whether you need a sterilizer, but if you do decide to get one, definitely get this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When we bought this, I thought of it as a luxury item, because you don't really need to sterilize that much, but we never use the dishwasher and I thought it would be easier and safer than boiling water.  Turns out that we were diagnosed with thrush and had to sterilize many times a day.  So glad to have had this!!! Some have complained about the \"condensation\" but this is really just the very fine mist of the boiled water on the items.  Shows it's working.. just rinse it off with water and put the items in the drying rack."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this sterilizer. I am a breastfeeding mother and use the Avent Isis to pump milk from time to time. This sterilizer fits the Isis perfectly along with a few bottles, nipples and sealing discs. I wash my bottles out after I use them and put them away. When I'm ready to pump, I load this up and 7 minutes later I'm good to go. You don't need to dry the bottles or pump before using, if you use them right away. When I'm done, I wash my pump and store it back in here to dry. It stays there until I'm ready to use it again. I've never tried sterilizing any other bottles but the instructions specify how to place others in here so they fit well. It is very time saving, rinses easily, and works very well. I'm glad I've never had to resort to the boiled water on the stove."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "On more than one occassion I've had a crying hungry baby on my hands in teh middle of the night or the very early morning, and walked into the kitchen only to find that all of the bottles are in teh sink or in the dishwasher yet to be run.  It's much easier to keep my daughter distracted four the 4 or 5 minutes I need to wash and sterelize in this product than to wait for a load of dishes to run!  If this sounds like somthing that could happen to you . . . buy this product! (Or put it on your registry)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this sterilizer and AVENT products in a whole! I bought a sterilizer because I don't use the dishwasher at all, and well I just didn't trust it to 'sterilize' my baby's bottles well (especially the nipples!).  Well I must say that I'm very happy that I got this product.  It is VERY easy to store and does the job well. Avent bottles fit perfectly in it (as I'm sure you already guessed), but it also fits all other bottles!  I use it to sterilize my bottles, nipples, caps, pacifiers, teethers and breast pump parts.  I generally sterilize the bottles once a week, but if needed, I can take it out and sterilize her teethers, etc anytime."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was the perfect solution for my pump parts and bottles. I read everywhere that you do not need to buy a sterilizer if you have a dishwasher, but I don't run my dishwasher fast enough to have my parts and bottles ready for each feeding/pump.  This fits all of my pump parts and 2-3 bottles and nipples.  It's ready in 4 minutes, which is way faster than dealing with the dishwasher.  You do need to prewash in soapy water, but I don't worry about scrubbing.  Overall, it does the job in a very short amount of time!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I saw this and just had to get it. It's good to wash and sterilize all bottles and breast pump parts before using them the first time.I own the Avent Isis breastpump and this has grooves for it to click into-very cool! I like to sterilize my pump once or twice a week, and once a week I sterilize the bottles and nipples.I can't ever wait for the washer to run, so instead of waiting, I just throw everything I want sterilized into the microwave for 4 minutes and it's done. It's so easy and simple.And it keeps things sterile for 3 hours unless you pop open the top right away!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "For weeks I boiled my ISIS pump parts and bottles, leaving on my non-stick pot calcium stain. As I was going back to work and my baby had to be bottle fed (thus more things to be sterilized), I found this great product and eagerly bought it. It's such a great invention! Everything (pump parts, nipples, dome caps, bottles etc) has slot of its own on the rack so they won't shift around. And if you keep the lid closed after sterilizing, contents stay sterilized for a day!Be sure to check your microwave power though, since it takes 4 minutes for a 1100watts microwave, longer for less powerful ones. Even though I have a 1350watts one, I do it for 4 minutes just to be sure!  And let it cool for recommended length of time to avoid scorching yourself.Enjoy this product and you won't regret."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used the Avent \"II\" sterilizer found at other retailers.  (probably not much difference between the two)  I have been using the sterilizer for one month since having my twins.  It has really been helpful cleaning non-Avent items (breast pump items, baby bottles, pacifiers, etc.)  It can sterilize in 2 minutes (depending on the power of your microwave).  You don't HAVE to have this sterilizer, but, it helps if you want to clean a few items without having to boil water each time or running your dishwasher.It came with two small Avent bottles.  I'm not reviewing the bottles themselves - that's another topic.  However, this is a nice feature so you can try these bottles out to determine if you want to use their bottles or not."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We received the Prince Lionheart Diaper Depot for ease of access to diapers. It attaches perfectly to the Gulliver Changing Table we have from IKEA which made me really happy. Accessing newborn diapers is a bit difficult since the diapers are much smaller than those used for older babies but that's fine since we won't be using newborn diapers for long. I'm curious to see how it will work with the cloth diaper inserts since we're planning on cloth diapering when our baby is out of the newborn stage. We haven't received our cloth diapers so I have yet to see. I'll post an update when I get them.I do wish it had a little larger storage for diapering supplies. With the wipers warmer in the caddy, it's difficult to see the supplies on the back side and I can only hold a pump bottle of hand sanitizer or a couple of tubes of diaper cream. Other than that, it's a handy product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was worried this wouldn't work for us. We have a Pottery Barn Kids changing table that has a decorative moulding that sticks out about 3/4 inch beyond the frame of the changer top. This product hangs at a slight angle because of this, but it still hooks on solidly to the changer's top edge, and gives us much needed storage space for wipes up top. It is an inexpensive fix to a very annoying problem. Another bonus is that the plastic piece that the wipes container rests on is hinged to allow easy access below for loading diapers or whatever you choose to store in there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i do like this product but i dont think it was worth 15 dollars. if it was under 10 bucks i may have given it 5 stars. it seems a bit cheaply made. however, it does hang on the side of my changing table nicely and keeps all the little items together. i have a regular wipe container sitting on the top and it fits well. the smaller sized diapers dont fit too well because they just slide around in the little compartment and often more than one diaper pops out when you just need one, but i suppose it was made this way so you can use larger diapers as your baby gets older."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this product to use on my Pack 'N Play.  It's definitely a nicer way to keep diapers and wipes organized at my Pack 'N Play changing table.  It fits onto the side of the Pack 'N Play nicely.  I wish the tub for the wipes box on top was deeper though.  The wipes box always tends to want to fall off when I'm taking a wipe out.  I also wish it held more diapers and that the diaper slot wasn't so wide, because when I pull out a diaper, about 2 or 3 want  to come out at once.  But all in all, this has been a nice item to have at my Pack 'N Play for diaper changing!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son is huge and long for his age.  At 8 months he was way too long for the changing pad and his feet were kicking off the products and wipes at his feet.I ordered this product and it got everything off the changing table so he fits now with leg room to kick away without hitting anything.  Wipes are right there and we put a kleenex box in the diaper dispenser (the diaper dispenser isn't great--I'm not sure how it works w/o you grabbing more than one at a time.  We put the diapers on the shelf right under the table and put products and stuff in the lion heart thing.A MUST HAVE!!  I love this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I borrowed this item from a friend when I had my first child.  I loved it!  It stores a stack of diapers, a case of wipes, diaper cream, lotion, etc.- all within reach.  What I liked best was when friends and family came over to help out with the baby, they could clearly see where everything was to change baby's diaper.  Also, the plastic is clear, unlike a fabric diaper stacker, so you can clearly so how many diapers you have handy.Loved this item, will probably buy it for myself now that I'm pregnant once again!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This model is such a space saver for my small changing table. It's very strong and easy to hook on the sides of the table (make sure that the edge of your changing table is not too wide though and be aware when you want to put  any wipe warmer on the top tray. Most of them don't fit inside the tray. It just fits regular wipe boxes.  And the side containers also don't fit very large bottle of baby powder or lotion). I still highly recommend it though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The texture of this concealer pallet is fantastic, it has great coverage and a wide variety of uses, I guess it's meant for professional makeup artists and a lot of the colours are of no use to me but I use at least two of them on a regular basis, and two more occasionally, which is the only reason I'm giving it for stars, I feel like the range of colors is kind of a waste for me, but the  product itself  is wonderful, it's not cakey, gives me a natural for and concealed my imperfections, therefore I highly recommend it :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have mixed feelings about this product. When I first started using it, I can see and feel the difference. It actually started to literally peel the dark skin away. There's a bit of a sting but that's how I know it was working. My skin was lighter in just a couple weeks! However, once I've stopped using it when I reached my desired skin color, it went back to being dark. I applied more and suddenly it was no longer working. It didn't peel or sting. I wonder what went wrong or if it has an expiration date or something. Overall, it works but definitely not consistent."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the real Versace Bright Crystal fragrance.  My bottle was not open, tampered with, or have a strong alcohol smell. I love how clean this perfume smells. I tried it out at Macy's. I wanted to try a fendi  scent, but the salesman asked me to try Bright Crystal and another Versace scent. I smelled the other first and then Bright Crystal. I was instantly sold on the Bright Crystal. I sprayed it on myself and then came straight to amazon to get it at a fraction of the price. The bottle is huge! I'll be wearing this everyday to the office, I'm sure I'll receive tons of compliments. Because the scent is not overpowering and very clean, I don't have to worry about it being too loud in an office setting. Thanks amazon!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "We were pretty disappointed with this shampoo and conditioner. Had high hopes for it, and it did not deliver.The smell was okay.It was harsh and stripping on the hair follicles.Left our hair with that squeaky clean feeling, but not in a good way, more in a removed all the oil from your hair kinda away.Even in using the conditioner, my hair still looked frizzy. And I do not have frizzy hair! Mine is fine, thin, and straight. If anything I usually border on having my hair be too silky and need things to volumize it.Just cannot recommend this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So i have been using the Avalon Organics both Shampoo and Conditioner for a few months now. I have seen a pretty good result. My hair has definitely gotten a bit thicker and stronger. I notice less hair falling out. I have combined this shampoo/conditioner with also taking Biotin Supplements so i do not know if its solely because of the shampoo/conditioner or a combination between the both, but improvement is there. My only one complain is that the conditioner doesnt give you that soft conditioner feel other conditioners give you.. Its a little rough as oppose to soft. In conclusion, if you have thin hair i recommend both products as well to supplement with a daily Biotin vitamin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I put in my sons bathroom & he's as picky as me.  This doesn't leak out all over the tub like I thought it would.  I just knew when I hung it & went to clean his bathroom, there would be residue from whatever was coming out of this dripping on to the tub underneath it.  I am happy to say, there is NONE!  Easy to install & this thing isn't moving, installed with silicone which I love.  Easy to refill as well. A+ for this little mechanism!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this because my shower was getting cluttered with different kind of soap, shampoo, face wash and etc. After receiving this and putting it up on my shower wall, no more bottles!Pros:Each bottle holds a lot of liquid.Each to use buttons.Clean design.Comes with waterproof adhesive and it's stick as hell.Durable - I've dropped the bottles over and over again when I was clumsily trying to shampoo inside and it still works.Cons:The adhesive stinks when you first place it on but that's a given and does not take away rating for this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a must have for all bathrooms. When i moved into my new house, i had one of these already there in the bathroom. I liked it so much i decided to buy another one for my second bathroom. I didn't think i could find the exact one but i was wrong. Amazon has everything.The quality is great, the dispensers work flawlessly and attaching it to the wall is very easy. Inside the dispenser there is two good size containers. It comes with all sorts of stickers: shampoo, soap, conditionar, lotion, etc. IT is very handy. Its annoying to squeeze shampoo and conditionar from a bottle."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have this in our guest bathroom shower and it is perfect.  The bottles hold only about 2/3 of the full size one I have in our master bath, but that is fine since the occasional use it gets doesn't facilitate a lot of refilling.  I loath those wire shelving units for showers so I was so excited to find this and have everything off the floor and kept together for easy use in such a tidy little package.This comes with the silicone adhesive AND a few squares of adhesive foam backing, the idea is you spread the silicone on and the adhesive foam squares hold it in place while it dries.  You have to wait 24 hours before filling the bottles to allow the silicone glue to cure. I have one of these in my master bath for 3 years without budging so it is a very strong hold."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this creme for about 20 years now. It's amazing stuff. It's gotten my hands and forearms (and feet sometimes) through 84 rose bushes, countless tree prunings, landscape rehabbing, etc. I have found that even with cuts and scratches, this lotion never stings. All the herbs probably have an antiseptic effect on injuries, but who knows.The scent is wonderful too, at least I think so. Quite unique and natural, but not overpowering.Since the creme is very concentrated, I DO recommend letting it soak in well before you go driving or touching door knobs, etc. A little goes a LONG way! :0So glad they keep making this great product!PJ"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This hand cream has one of the nicest fragrances I've ever come across and it seems to be one that everybody likes.  The cream is non greasy and absorbs quickly but leaves your hands feeling soft and moisturized.  This is the of those products I buy over and over again and have for several years.  It also makes a nice gift in a basket with a pair ofAngela's Garden 7120-921 Kids Garden Glove, Honey Bee, a hand gardening tool and a couple packets of seeds. The people I have given it to tell me that it's become one of their favorites too.  Everyone seems to like it's nice clean smell."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I first purchased this hand treatment from a garden center - what a favorite it has become. I really does help restore your hands after digging in the garden (or washing dishes in the sink, if you're old-fashioned like me). I have purchased many as gifts for others. This size (100g) is a generous tube and will last a long time. I gave it four stars only because it is more expensive here than at the Crabtree & Evelyn outlet store - or maybe I just got lucky when I visited that store last time. Truth is, I'll buy it wherever I can find it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Crabtree & Evelyn Gardener's Hand Therapy has been my favorite lotion for many years.  While I don't have a problem with very dry skin, I still like a good, non-greasy lotion for my hands, arms, feet, and sometimes even my face.  This product is not greasy.  It does not have an annoying fragrance, actually not much at all.  My sister-in-law told me she uses it on her psoriasis and it helps.  It's not a cure, of course.  There really isn't one.  But it helps the skin feel better.  Since she liked it so much, I tried it and have been using it ever since.  It's hard to find in stores---almost impossible---but Amazon.com carries it.  Thanks again, Amazon."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like the size of the barrel on this iron and I like the results I got with it.  However the design of the kickstand and its location are horrible and unsafe.When you heat the iron up on the higher settings the kickstand gets very, very hot and it's very difficult to use the iron without touching that kickstand because of where it's located.  I burned my hand on it while holding the iron and then I burned my face with the kickstand while curing my hair.I'm not at all happy with this product and I'm returning it after using it only twice."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Rarely do I go cheap on things that have to do with my hair but I wanted to try out a new size barrel without making a huge commitment so I gave this one a try.Pros:heats up quicklythe barrel and clip hold even my thinner hair tightlygets hot enough to produce a nice curl without burningcool tip makes holding at certain angles easier.Cons:the collar that regulates the temp broke - it is stuck in the temp range I wanted it in so no need to move it but that could be a bigger problem if I wanted varying tempssometimes takes several presses of the on button to get it to turn onno auto turn offFor what I paid I think this is an acceptable choice; if you are looking for something that will last I'd suggest looking elsewhere though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is my first curling iron. I was so confused when I chose this since the price is kinda inexpensive. I could choose something more expensive and popular like Hot Tools brand but I was not very sure with the ideal that I would curl my hair often or even if I could curl it (lol) but this one works great (for me). It gets hot pretty quickly and doesn't take long to curl my hair. I like it, and I believe it's good buy. I read some comment said it doesn't last &#34;too&#34; long or something but I don't really mind. For the price, just can't beat it or at least give it a try!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "True to its name, this curling iron heats up fast (literally 1-2 minutes), and a blinking light turns solid when it's at temperature and ready to use. It gets extremely hot -- settings range from 1 to 25 and even a \"5\" is too hot to touch; I've used it at \"13\" for several months now with great results. Its clamp holds hair securely but doesn't snag hairs in the hinge. A sturdy wire foot and a plastic tip keep the hot barrel off the countertop. It has an on/off button and will automatically turn itself off (but not until it's left untouched for about an hour). The iron cools in the usual amount of time (touchable in 5-10 minutes, completely cool in 15+ minutes).I mostly use the 3/4-inch model -- but, with my very short hair, I also use the1/2-inch modelduring the first week or so after I've had a haircut. Highly recommended -- they're the best curling irons I've ever used."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My hair is super straight and thin. It also doesn't take heat very well. What's so great about this curler is the adjustable heat settings. 7 works great for me and I just hold it there for ten seconds. Not only that but the curls actually stay. Most times, they go wavy after the first 30 minutes, no matter how long I hold it on for. But with this it lasted me two hours. I'm so impressed and especially for the price. You cannot beat that."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I absolutely love this conair instant heat curling iron!  I ordered it on amazon because of the great price. It did not come in the packaging I'm used to seeing in stores but figured it may have just changed since my last curling iron purchase (last year).  The first time I used it it worked great.  The second it kept turning off or shorting out on me.  I changed outlets and still the problem continued.I would recommend this curling iron to a friend but perhaps not through the internet.I re-ordered thinking it was just a defective one and the second time, it wouldn't even heat up enough to hold a curl.  I think Conair has changed it's product and I will not buy again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I needed a 1/2 inch curling iron and this one works just fine for my needs.  I have one of the same model in the one inch and I liked it, so ordered the same model in the smaller size.  I like that it turns itself off after a certain period of time because I often forget to do so.  I also like that you can adjust the heat or strength of curl.  I have had many Conair products over the years and have been satisfied with all of them."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I picked up this concealer to cover up acne, blemishes, pimples, the works.  I was trying to decided between this one and the light one but decided to go with this one as the green is supposed to cancel out the redness.  This stick concealer is near impossible to blend to a nice finish and it leaves a sticky and waxy residue on your skin. As to no surprise, the packaging is just as flawed as the product itself.  Within a week of using this product the concealer stuck to the top of the tube and I couldn't get it out.  Ick!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I wanted to be blown away by this concealer, but sadly I wasn't; don't get me wrong this concealer is good, I gave it 3 stars because first and foremost it's real sticky creamy consistency, after I applied it, it kept this wet sticky texture, I like the ones that don't stay wet like and sticky, plus it made me have a few pimples,  if your looking for a concealer that stays kinda damp then you will love this one, because all of us girls like different things, and one thing may work perfect for one of us may not work at all for someone else, ya know!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "this is my second time getting this i use it on my problem areas before i put on my foundation then i put on a different concealer afterwards, very close to my skin tone it is a bit to dark but once i blend it it looks fine. if you have dry skin this will accentuate that area. i used this when i had no primer and when i did have primer. i would say use primer, it will go on smoother and be easier to blend, with out it it did kind of look chalky. if you leave this in the heat it will break! happened to me with both of mine because my bathroom heater is on 24/7."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very fair, translucent skin and have always had issues with dark circles under my eyes.  I've used every concealer out there, but most only further exaggerate the dark circles and worsen the appearance of bags.  The good thing about this concealer is that it's extremely affordable and the yellow really does help neutralize the appearance of blue and purple veins under the eyes.  The bad news is that it appears cakey when applied under powdered mineral makeup, giving a chalk-like appearance.  This occurs even when the concealer is applied VERY lightly.  If you use a liquid makeup, this will probably not be an issue.  With other forms of makeup, it might not blend as well as you would like.  I still find it does a better job than the other concealers, so I still use a small amount of this and take some considerable time blending it with my foundation."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Im a WOC and I always wanted a yellow concealer for my under eye circles and I read the reviews and bought this one. The concealer by itself is really good quality, creamy texture, long stay,, good coverage plus in a convenient stick so u can just point n put. But honestly I gave it a number of tries and it just looked too pale on me, as in, less yellow more cream-white so it would show through even after blending and blending with my colour foundation. DOES NOT look good on me at all. I guess I'll have to find a proper yellow one in my country local brands, which cater to our skin colours. But that said, its a good product. I still use it for spot concealing."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have absolutely horrible dark circles, far beyond the point of being concealed with any type or amount of makeup, but this product significantly reduces their discolored appearance.This looks pretty good and almost unnoticeable once blended out with my ring fingers. However, I really need a primer or something with this or it creases horribly. It feels sort of greasy and heavy when applied, but if you go easy with it and just make it last by spreading and blending, it works. It looks even better if applied under flesh-tone concealer or foundation.My main problem is that the packaging isn't entirely hygienic, at least if you put the stick right on your skin. It could spread bacteria and cause breakouts, so maybe use a small brush or something with it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Oily, and makes makeup slip off without having to apply pressure on the cotton pad. A little goes a long way. Cuts through heavy duty mascara, liner, shadow, you name it (I've used it on stubborn lip stains). You will have to wipe/clean the oil off your lids and lashes if you want to reapply makeup after using this. If you DO need to reapply after using remover, you should consider a water-based makeup remover that will evaporate so you don't have to worry about oil residue causing your makeup to slip off. Usually I remove my makeup at the end of the day before bathing and don't reapply makeup until the next day, so the oil doesn't bother me. Will repurchase."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If you are looking for a makeup remover that removes waterproof mascara this works great. It is oily so you only need a tiny amount on a cotton ball or pad. After wiping off all the mascara I recommend that you wash your face and areas around your eyes with a liquid soap you'd use to clean your face normally. Then splash a lot of water around your eyes especially so there is no oily residue left. If you don't do this the oil can be slightly irritating and may make your eyes feel itchy. So make sure to remove the remover and you should have less problems.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I read Waterproof Eye Makeup Remover and thought &#34;Hey, I can finally used something other than baby oil, or other house-hold oils,&#34; thinking that it wasn't an oil bases remover. When it arrived I find out that this product is essentially just unscented mineral oil. It works and I'll use it until it's gone but I'll go back to using coconut oil when it's gone. If, like me, your use an unscented oil for moisturizing (I use coconut oil) then make it work double duty as a makeup remover as well and save a couple bucks and cut down on counter/makeup drawer clutter."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As long as this eyeliner is applied correctly there should be no peeling, fading or flaking.  The only time I get some flaking or peeling is if I apply it too thickly. I put this on early in the morning (7am or so) and don't take it off until 11 or 12 pm.  And in all that time it stayed where I put it and the color stayed true.I have horrible allergies and I also have tear producing issues...combine these problems and there is really nothing I could wear to line my eyes-until I found  Maybelline Lineworks.  My eyes can and will at times ooze tears all day.Sometimes it looks as if I'm having a crying jag. BUT even through all this, my liner never goes anywhere! I use Ponds to take it off at night.  Easy peasy!The only thing I'm upset with is that Maybelline seems to be  dis-continuing many of the colors and while I can understand it, I don't LIKE it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The brush for this eyeliner is horrible. I LOVE brushes, and prefer them over felt tips but this is the exception. The brush for this eyeliner is VERY small and too soft. It's hard to make a straight line because the bristles are just all over the place. Additionally, when you go over to reapply liner in some places - when it dries, it tends to look very clumpy and unflattering. I had such high hopes for this liner because of the brush applicator and how beautifully matte the color was but this is a total fail."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only liquid eyeliner that can withstand my oily eyelids all day without degenerating into a pool of guck. Cat eyes are my every day look and this liquid eyeliner does a competent job. But, it's not perfect either. I'm not sure if I should keep buying new bottles every so many weeks without using up the old ones because I think being exposed to too much air breaks down its effectiveness. Rather than getting smudgy on my lids, it starts flaking, so I look like I have chipped paint. Not good. But out of all the liners I've worn, this is the longest wearing one by far."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Simply put, there is nothing on this earth that removes rough skin for my feet.  My skin is baby smooth after use.  This product is rather messy; therefore I would suggest using the product outside.  Otherwise you are left with white skin bits on your floors that are rather unappealing and difficult to clean.  You will be astonished by how much new skin is revealed after using this product.  I also use it on my hands, knees and elbows.  My skin is highly sensitive and there are no adverse reactions to this product. I've been using this for over 10 years and wouldn't use anything else."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product burns my scalp and doesnt get rid of my dandruff.Ive tried cutting down my use of this product so that I wouldnt cause irritation to my scalp but Im deciding to give up on it because I dont need to be in pain when I wash my hair for no results anyway.I have contacted the company because I am that unsatisified with this product. Its a shame because I really love nuetrogena products and this is the only time that I have had an issue with something they make."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After a couple of times of using this, my scalp psoriasis has disappeared. I will continue using occasionally just to help with that.Update - This is working! I havent had any problems since I started using it. I use it 1-2 times a week now. I forgot to mention that it stinks... It does consist of coal tar so you can expect to smell like tar. I will use this and then a fragrant shampoo after to try to lessen the smell.I also have color treated hair and it has not caused any problems with that."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This may work on dandruff but does not work on seborrhoeic dermatitis. They are different. Dandruff is a generic term and coal-tar active ingredient products like this one may work on the kind of dandruff that flakes.If you have an itchy scalp which does not shed but instead causes sores, you may have the already mentioned seborrhoeic dermatitis. The latter is caused by clogged oil glands. It often takes place if you don't shampoo frequently. That was the case with me. I shampooed only once a week because I did not want to ruin my expensive hair-color. The problem took several years to really develop before my doctor and I finally figured out what was wrong. What you need instead is a shampoo like the kind of Selsun Blue which contains selenium hydride."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm on accutane which has caused me to get some dandruff (I normally never have it). After freaking out and doing research, I bought this. It seems to have lessened the severity of my dandruff after just one use, but the smell is SO AWFUL! It's like I dipped my head into a freakin tank of gas! I have long hair and to try to get that smell off is  impossible. I have to put really potent anti-frizz serum in it, then spray some of my strong perfume DIRECTLY on my hair in order to TRY to mask up the smell. Even then it still stinks.If you like the smell of tar and gas, this is for you. If not, try to get the \"clean scent\". I haven't tried it, so I don't know if it's realyl different. Honestly, I'm thinking I'd rather have dandruff than stinky hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Judging by all the positive reviews I expect this stuff to work but it smells horrible. The stench is so strong to my nose. I collect colognes and so my nose is used to smell a lot of stuff and this stuff just offensive. After washing my hair and rinsing several times, I can smell this in my hair for over an hour afterwards. I don't even need to run my fingers through my hair and smell it... its just like an aura around my hair that stinks. Tried it for a couple days and I had enough.. If you don't mind the stench of tar, enjoy!I use head & shoulders instead. It works for me but is a bit damaging."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As a young woman who has lost a lot of hair due to thyroid problems, I have tried a few products with mixed success.  This product isn't even marketed towards hair loss but I gave it a try...and it actually works!  I started with the extra strength shampoo but switched to regular (less stinky, still effective).  My hair loss stopped completely and even started growing back!  The shampoo does smell awful, but it works!  I just rinse really well and use a lot of shampoo.  It leaves my hair soft, clean, and shiny.  I will definitely keep using this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't know what caused my scalp to itch, but this took care of it.  I let the shampoo soak into my scalp while I shower so it has time to work.  I was worried about the small size of the bottle, but discovered a tiny bit goes a long way so it will last a while. The smell is slightly medicinal, but it's a small price to pay for relief.  The lather is thick and rich, and my hair feels soft after using it.  It doesn't dry it out, like some shampoos.  I'm happy with the purchase and would recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Very dry skin causes me to itch. Lotion takes care of the body but conditioner on the hair or conditioner shampoo products still leave my scalp dry. Used this product and the sensation of an itch on my scalp went away by about 80%. After a week, my scalp does not itch. Using regular shampoo again brings back the itch after a few days and then I use the T-gel again. The only downside is that hair that has been colored will lose its color. The T-gel also makes the hair dry and you have to take care if your combing it damp. When the hair dries, it is very soft. My naturally curly hair is curlier after using T-gel. Not having an itchy head is worth any downside."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product works great for me. I normally have an oily, itchy scalp with buildup, and I notice that I have no itching afer using the T/Sal for a month. I wash first with Nature's Gate Tea Tree shampoo, then wash once with T/Sal (leaving on for several minutes), then condition with Nature's Gate Tea Tree conditioner.I initially bought both the T/Sal and T/Gel, so I used the T/Gel last night, and I notice I have a little itching today. I will update my review after I've used the bottle, but I already prefer the T/Sal.Update: after using the T/Gel for a few weeks, I do not have itching, but I have a dry, flaky scalp, which I did not have before. I will gladly be switching back to T/Sal."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "During the past two years I've been struggling with some scalp build up problems and I pretty much have purchased all the drugstore products I could find to solve this. After months and months of trying to find a solution I decided to give this a try even though I thought it was quite expensive and yes, it did start to get better right away. However, it wasn't as quick of a process as I wanted it to be so I decided to buy Head & Shoulders Clinical Strength and use it combined with this and this combination REALLY solved it in a matter of days. Since I've done that I haven't had any problems, my scalp is super clear and I couldn't be any more please. I never really stopped using this product and I don't plan on doing it but just keep in mind that this product by itself didn't really do too much. In terms of the smell I don't really like it, but it's nothing intolerable or disgusting."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So far my experience with T/Sal has been really good.  I alternate it with T/Gel.  Between the two it really drops the banhammer on dandruff.  I had such bad dandruff that I could not even wear a black shirt.  Now I can and will only see one or two flakes here and there.  That is pretty impressive.I've found it to be ineffective on my seborrheic dermatitis.  i need to use something else for that.  But for dandruff...awesome."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When I am in the mood, I mix one hot oil treatment tube with an equal amount of olive oil and some Aussie three minute miracle deep conditioner. Then, I heat it just a tad in the microwave for an intensive \"conditioning pack\" treatment.Once you have this all on your hair, you cover it up and then you can use a blowdryer to heat up your hair to let it all absorb nicely.Or, as I recently found out, you can just go get the Frizz-Ease Smooth Start Shampoo and the Defrizzing Conditioner and you will be thanking me for telling you about it! ;)Realistically, you need both. You need the deep conditioning treatments and the daily shampoo/conditioner miracle of Frizz-Ease. Bless them.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm a lady, and I bought this because I needed a quick, in-office fix to fuzzy legs. Sometimes you miss a patch. Or the whole thing...Anyway, I did a side by side comparison. One leg I shaved dry and one I used this stuff.This stuff works great, I had a much closer, smoother shave than without it. But, it made me smell like an old man. It has a very potent 'classic aftershave' smell that is just not my cup of tea, as a lady who doesn't want to smell like a great uncle, or for someone I would consider getting close enough to to smell their face.Now I understand why it says 'rinse after using'. That being said, it's still a great product, and I'd buy it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Williams Lectric Shave Electric Razor Pre-Shave Original, 3 fl oz, definately makes an annoying choir a little easier. I've never been a huge fan of electric razors, because I haven't found any brand that gives me as good a shave as I get from even a cheap blade. Its been my personal experience that most electric shavers leave lots of stuble and it's hard to get a clean shave under the chin and throat area. For me, it usually requires more time to get a clean shave with an electric razor than is required when using a disposable razor. Williams Lectric Shave allows me to get a smoother shave when using an electric, but its smell, while not offensive, is almost overpowering.Please rate this review if you found it helpful."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this after researching what would best help/prevent my flaky, dry skin.  The extra gentle Buf-Puf is great for every day cleansing.  I use a dab of cleanser, wet the puff and make little circles over my skin.  It is just enough exfoliation to get the dead cells off, but not so much that it irritates my sensitive skin.  I follow up with my skin care regimen (serum, toner, moisturizer) and this little puff has helped make a world of difference.Being the first time that I have used one of these, I am not sure how long they \"normally\" last, but I have gotten a good two and weeks of daily use out of mine, before noticing that it was beginning to lose it's structure a bit."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The regular version of these Pufs is way too rough, can't imagine using them on anything but elbows and heels. This extra gentle version is better for facial skin, exfoliates nicely. I use it with Neutrogena Facial Bar, rinse it well, and air dry it on end on a soap tray between uses. It does begin to pill slightly after a couple  months but lasts a good long time as long as you carefully rinse it and prop it up to dry out. This is the most cost effective exfoliating treatment available. Too bad its only available online."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is another product I've used for years to keep my face clean. I'm almost 70 and people say I look 20 years younger so keeping the facial skin free of oil and dirt must have some merit. Buf-Puf are a bit hard to find but luckily we have Amazon. Gave one to my granddaughter to help her avoid Acne and show her how to avoid oil and bacteria caused pimples. Buf-Puf Gentle has a little scrubbing action which helps to remove dead skin and keep the skin glowing. Recommended highly for daily use."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using these for years (since I read Bo Derek stating in a post \"10\" interview that she used them to keep her skin smooth :-)).  As my skin has aged, I have switched from the regular to the gentle version.I have sensitive skin that doesn't like harsh chemicals.  Using these allows me to slough off the older layers as well or better than expensive exfoliants.  They helped control acne and now remove the old skin that keeps me from having the \"healthy glow\" that the commercials for costly creams promise.  It has been difficult to find these locally as the shelf space gets taken by new, expensive options, so I am really glad to find them on Amazon.Inexpensive, re-usable, no chemical reactions or worries about getting something in your eye. Perfect."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It saddens me to write this review because I've been using Buf Puf since I was about 12. I always attributed my youthful appearance to daily exfoliation with the Buf Puf, but now I think my cystic acne in my 30's and 40's was certainly exacerbated if not caused by the Buf Puf. I discontinued use of this product and switched to a skin care line called Glytone (buy at Dermstore.com) and haven't had a breakout in over 2 months. Unfortunately I'm convinced the harsh exfoliation causes skin to rebel and break out. I won't use again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I started using these little scrubbers some 20 years ago.  I still use them.  I have had to use store brand imitations for a number of years however because they are so impossible to find.  Then about six months ago, I finally saw one in my local store.  I couldn't believe the difference!  Still as powerful in cleaning but not as harshly abrasive.  I get compliments on my skin all the time. I always tell people that its because of Buf-Puf.It doesn't matter what your age... It is never to late to start exfoliating!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really like that this stuff is mild and gentle, but also totally cleans off any makeup that I'm wearing, even waterproof mascara. I love the scent, very fresh and clean, and the texture is nice too. It washes off very easily and doesn't cause any problems to my skin. I have a problem with acne, and haven't noticed any improvement on it because of this product, but it definitely doesn't make it worse and really makes me feel fresh after I've used it.This is now my favorite nighttime cleanser because it's gentle, yet does an amazing job of getting my face clean and makeup-free at the end of the day. I love it for that reason, and will keep using it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For some reason or another I have problem skin. I used to use proactiv solution but my skin is way too sensitive for it. Then I used a litany of brand-name facial cleansing lines--but they were too expensive to maintain. I tried Stridex for a while but it just seemed to take my skin off. Nowadays I have stumbled upon the simplest solution (astringent). I wear lots of makeup throughout the day and if I don't remove all of it I tend to break out. I clean my face once a night with astringent, I put a little bit of lotion under my eyes and on any super dry areas, and then go to bed. Astringent, Lotion, Repeat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love that this cleanser smells nice and it works very well, just like Paula Begoun writes in her review of this product. It removes the most stubborn mascara I have ever owned (it's hard to wash off). I don't even have to use eye makeup remover afterwards! My skin sort of normal but it can get dry. So after I wash my face with this cleanser, my face feels a bit dry and I have to put some moisturizer on.....with Biore that I wrote review for before I didn't have to do that but Biore doesn't wash off my silly mascara very well :) choices choices. I think if you have skin on the oily side, this may work very well for you.Other than being a bit drying, it also takes a lot if this stuff to work. With some cleansers it takes 1 pump.....it takes 3-4 of this. Doesn't foam easily. I don't think I'd get this one again yet I'd give it 4 stars still."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am a male and I have adult acne.  The acne meds dry out my skin.  I needed a moisturizer that wouldn't make my acne worse, and preferably, would help prevent acne.  This product fits the bill.  It is light, cooling, and doesn't clog my pores.  It's gentle enough that I can put it on my face right after shaving, and it doesn't sting or burn.  (It actually works really well as an after-shave conditioner; seems to help prevent red bumps and ingrown hairs!)  The only way this product could be better would be if they added sun protection to it.  I hope someday they make a version of this with SPF 15; if they do, I will give it 5 stars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Between this Neutrogena Spot Treatment and Oxy Spot Treatment Maximum, there is no contest! The Oxy works and the Neutrogena does not, pure and simple. I have only the occasional pimple these days, but want a treatment that quickly dries up the oil  and inflammation. The Oxy costs more but is worth the price, the Neutrogena does nothing (as far as I can tell) as a spot treatment. A better medicine will prevent scarring and disfiguring marks on your face! Early application of effective medicine can stop an emerging blemish before it becomes much worse. The Oxy Spot Treatment Maximum did a far better job for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this product after in was recommend as a disinfectant in the book Don't Go to the Cosmetics Counter Without Me. I had been becoming extremely frustrated with my oily skin and frequent breakouts, so I was ready to try something new. For the past 1 1/2 months, I have been religiously using this product in the morning and Clear Pore Nighttime Clarifying Gel (a BHA product) prior to bed. While I haven't seen miraculous results, I have had a reduction in breakouts, and my skin texture seems to be slowly improving. In addition, I am no longer getting the dry, flaky patches which I was getting with other products. However, my skin is still oily, and I do still experience the occasional breakout. While this product certainly might provide you with some benefits over time, keep in mind that you will not see immediate results:  despite the claims, there is NO product available which can get rid of existing blemishes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently started breaking out on my cheeks and jawline which was never a problem area when I was in my teens. This works if you use it just like the directions say: on clean skin, once a day initially then increase to several times daily. On day two I use it like every 2 hours.It makes the pimple or, in my case, underground monster, less visible and less irritating. It gets rid of any pain or soreness that makes me want to pick and pop. After day two it completely disappears.Honestly, the best thing about this product is that it makes me keep my hands OFF my face which is likely why I break out in the first place. Oh, and I started changing my pillow case every night."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like this product and have returned to using it when the drugstore is out of my usual on-the-spot treatment. I use this product only at night - when the cream dries, it does leave a little flaky residue - for this reason, I would recommend using it only at night or other times when you aren't going to be out in public. It can dry out your skin a little. In the morning, I have noticed that my blemishes are much less noticable, though there are better on-the-spot treatments out there that do jsut as good of a job reducing blemishes and aren't quite as drying."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to have pretty bad acne, but thankfully it cleared up! I do sometimes get the occasional pimple..yippee. Lucky me, I got a big one right in the middle of my cheek right before vacation. I bought this on a whim and thought I'd try it on my bad timing zit. I washed my face like normal twice a day and covered the pimple with this. After a day, it was gone! It wasn't red and puffy anymore, and with a little make-up was nonexistant!I don't think you should slather this all over you face though, it does really dry out your skin and leaves it feeling kind of stiff and like you have dry soap on it... but overall, I think it's great!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The only bad thing about Neutrogena On The Spot Acne Treatment is that I didn't have it when I was a teenager, suffering from the worst acne ever!  I've had acne for years and have used harsh abrasive cleaners, creams that dried my skin out, creams that irritated, and creams that did nothing at all.  When I turned 25 I imagined my skin would clear up, but it never did.  Then came 30, 33, 36...and the acne was still there, not as bad, certainly, but still an issue.  Then I found this, and my life changed!  This product WORKS...and I won't be without it.  As I said, the only thing that could make it better is if I had it with me the week before the PROM!If your teenager suffers from acne, they just don't need to.  Give this a try, and I think you will see results fairly quickly.  It works for me just about overnight!Thank you Neutrogena!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using Purpose products ever since I was a teen.  I used to have acne and dry skin and needed a product that I could use to moisturize my face.  Because my face is sensitive I would always break out but when the dermotologist recommended this product I was elated and am still using it to this day.  It does what it needs to do to keep my face moisturized and looking young.  I am 55 now and still have smooth beautiful skin.  I recommend this product to anyone who has sensitive skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "These wipes are a great find. As many have mentioned, they are not easy to find in stores and you cannot beat the price on Amazon. I use them as an adult, just recently, for nights. I am too lazy to wash my face and these wipes have been a great help in clearing up my dull skin. I find they are gentl and non-drying. They have a light, pleasant smell to them as well. My only wish is that they come in a subscribe and save option."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cetaphil Antibacterial Gentle Cleansing Bar is indeed the optimum choice for my problem skin.This pH balance non-soap cleansing bar is a super gentle all over body wash. I even use it on my face in lieu of shaving cream - it's that soothing!  The antibacterial ingredient - triclosan, also helps protect my freshly shaved face.CONS:This stuff's priceyCetaphil Antibacterial Cleansing Bar is very soft and it melts away quickly once it's under the shower stream.TIP: To reduce wastage of this pricey cleansing bar, don't lather up under the shower, lather up your washcloth instead and store your Cetaphil Cleansing Bar away from the shower (I keep mine in a covered soap dish).Shop around on Amazon ... this product offers a few buying choices.Hope my review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Nothing else works especally if you have hormonal acne from high testoterone but this stuff is AMAZING. It's super hard to find, harmon drug has it but other than that you gotta buy it online but it works well. The key is to use a diffrent wash cloth for your acne area then the rest of your body so you dont spread the germs and oils that make acne worse, then ONLY twice a week or so use those scrub gloves (VERY GENTLY) to exfolitae the areas. If you rub too hard it can cause more acne. But this stuff works well on backacne so far."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As someone who has battled acne in the past and still gets occasional breakouts, I learned over time that the beauty companies will keep coming out with their new facial cleaners that are supposed to do some new thing that all the other previous facial cleansers didn't do. The cleansers that were advertised as for acne always made my acne worse, especially if they had salicylic acid. This is a basic facial cleanser that does everything you need. Personally I don't want to wash my face every single day with a cleanser full of chemicals. The 6 ounce bar of this is a great value and lasts a long time. The only thing to be careful about with this bar is that it can be a little drying. Make sure you don't use too much, and I always use a moisturizer. I use once a day before bed."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "To begin with when I opened the Gel I was surprised it had no scent. However, it made up for that with the amount of hold it had for taming unruly curls and my edges. Also, the gel does not leave any residue or buildup and can be used quite often. It doesnt have any unhealthy ingredients such as alcohol which can make the hair have a crunchy feel instead of a soft supple feel. I would probably suggest this for people who have a unruly curls or edges. Just dab a tiny bit between your hands rub where is needed and voila your hair will come out great. An added bonus is Aloe vera has healing properties for the scalp and is extremely healthy. Lastly if doing a twistout or bantu knots I would recommend this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been very pleased with my purchase of Alpha Hydrox AHA Enhanced Creme, Anti-Wrinkle Exfoliant.  I use it along with a moisturizer each night.  It tingles at times, but not to any extreme.  It is not greasy or too heavy, but seems to last on my skin throughout the night.  Happily, there is a notable difference in my skin!  I see fewer lines and my face is soft and much smoother.  For the price, it is a bargain that lasts far longer than expensive products of a similar nature.  I have found a product in Alpha Hydrox AHA Enhanced Creme, Anti-Wrinkle Exfoliant that I will purchase again and again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am 45 and this stuff works.  I have used a lot of different products since my teens.  I have NEVER been disappointed with Alpha products.  Simply they work.  Alpha product lines tend to fly low in an already over stimulated market of commercials and new product wonders that appear in constantly in an ever changing money making industry devoted to our own vanity (present company included).  But these products work!  I can testify to that.  The best thing is they are high in concentrate and low in price that is an A+++ in my book."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I usually read ingredient lists carefully, but I guess the name fulled me and I thought this product had some AHA's.  After using it for a while and not seeing or feeling any difference (AHA's should sting a bit) I checked and sure enough, despite the name, no AHAs.  I wanted a product with AHAs and think the company's name is deceiving on such a product.  I thought they only sold products with AHAs.  Perhaps they aren't doing this intentionally, but it is confusing and I wanted to let everyone know in case you were fooled too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this instead of the moisturizer by mistake, and thought I'd give it a try.It works better than most other cleansers I've tried for my more mature, slightly acne prone, sensitive skin. It's gentle, but effective and my skin feels really smooth and great after I use it. I've noticed that it seems to make the Alpha Hydrox Moisturizer more effective. Definitely a plus. The size of the container is ample, and I use about a quarter's worth for my whole face and decolletage, so it will go a long way."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I wanted a good face wash that doesn't sting my eyes and leave them bright red with irritation.  I read another reviewers comments that this face wash was non irritating to your eyes & decided to give it a try. It does the job and doesn't irritate my eyes unless I intentionally open them while I'm washing my face. Stupid, I know, but I kind of wanted to see if it would burn? So here's the report: not too much. It did burn but not nearly as much as some others I've tried AND it washed out instantly & didn't leave my eyes scarlet with irritation.My personal favorite face wash is by Philosophy - but that's a huge bottle and really pricey. This is a great size, doesn't take up too much real estate on my bathroom counter & does the job.  I'll definitely order again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Got a very bad rush from it. I might have very sensitive skin.Used it two days and I started noticing my face was itching and a small swelling near my cheeks. I thought it was something I ate or just a bad day.I continued using face wash for 3 days and rash wouldn't go away. I stopped using it and notice rash disappeared. This is just my experience.I was worried that since is a care product I wouldn't be able to return it and that I was stuck with the face wash but Thanks to the great customer service of Amazon I was able to get a refund and dispose of the face wash."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this face wash on and off for YEARS!I just saw this at Ulta for around $6 so I will use this until they stop selling it.I started using Alpha Hydrox about 8 years ago. I had bad acne from using the pill and was on ProActive.This cleanser worked just as well and it wasn't $40!My skin was so soft and seriously, after one day of use my skin cleared up.I'm so happy I found this again. They've stopped selling this at most drug stores.I have dry skin during the winter and super oily during the summer. This is great cleanser during the summer months.It's a bit drying on my skin during the winter so I use Aveda moisturizer after.Btw,If you love Aveda cleansing gel, you might like this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have suspicions that this  may be a counterfeit.  I purchased this because it was rated so high.  After washing and drying my face, my face starts to burn.  I then have to rush and put moisturizer on my face as quick as possible to avoid/eliminate the burning.  I have also noticed some dry patches on my face since beginning to use this.  Finally, my face burns during the day if I happened to sweat outside.All three of these experiences are new to me.  I have never experienced any of these things with any other cleanser."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this to help get rid of the keratosis pilaris on my upper arms and legs. The lotion did not help smooth out the little bumps and I found something better instead. Since I still had the whole bottle, I decided to use this as my night time moisturizer. I'm in my 20's so I have minimal wrinkles so I can't attest to how well it helps with those. My skin does feel tighter after using this though. Sometimes I use another moisturizer alongside this one because it can be drying. I wouldn't use it by itself if your skin is on the dry side. My skin has been smoother since I've been using this moisturizer and I haven't had a breakout in a while. I'm not 100% behind this product, but I think it is doing what it is supposed to for my face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had done a lot of reading on treating cellulite and stretch marks and found a recommendation to try glycolic acid and AHA. I did a search on Amazon and stumbled upon the Alpha Hydrox which had some good reviews so I decided to give it a try.I've been using it for about a week now, twice a day and I am actually seeing a reduction in the appearance of cellulite! I've been using on my hips/thighs/booty in conjunction with zone-specific exercises (which in the past by itself hasn't produced results like these). I was never overweight or large, so there was never a lot of cellulite, but enough to make me self-conscious in a swimsuit.I would say that the appearance of stretch marks is still the same, but for the price of the bottle this is definitely worth it for combating cellulite!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm ordering this for the 3rd time. I've used it for about a year and it really helps. I'm 56, a natural redhead, with deep wrinkles and age spots on my face. It has softend the depth of a lot of my wrinkles, and faded my darkest age spots.They're not gone completely, but definitely less noticeable. My skin tone is much more even. I use it morning and night. My skin is very sensitive and every other AHA lotion I've used has caused breakouts. I get none with this stuff. My skin is very dry however and after letting this absorb for 5-10 minutes, I use Cetaphil moisturizer... cream at night and the lighter Cetaphil lotion in the morning. Very happy with this product, which is 1/2 the price of drug store stuff and 1/4 the price of department store stuff with all it's fancy advertising."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I received this last night and washed first with a mild soap then a Glytone Body wash with a loofah.  After, I applied this and when I woke up this morning, I noticed a change in my skin already.  *I have KP (Keratosis Pilaris) on my back and small areas of my thighs* Don't expect a miracle overnight, but expect to notice a change in the way your skin feels instantly.  You don't need to apply much of this product.  A small, less than a dime sized amount, is more than enough to work with.  On the box it says that if application does not dry within a minute or less, you've used too much.  It's true.  I think this is a steal for the price and the thickness of this product.  I look forward to more results after a week, two weeks, a month, etc. and will be back for a second review.  7/24/13"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If you want to live your life like a vampire...this is the right product for you! Why? Well, I found out the hard way, Glycolic Acid increases your skins sensitivity to the sun. A warning was issued on the lable, but silly me didn't think it would be that big of a deal. I burnt horribly the next day from 20 min. of sun exposure! YIKES! Not worth it.It does, however, improve the look of the skin, the price is great, and there is no fragrance(YAY). BUT, like most beauty products, it has dimethicone, which is an acne irritant. If you have horrible acne like me, dimethicone is TERRIBLE for you! Find something with out it! If you don't, than this might work nicely for you. Dimethicone is bad no matter what, but it wont hurt your skin appearance if you have no acne."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product didn't say whether it could or could not be used on the face, however, I chose to use it on the face because the active ingredient was Glycolic-AHA. It broke me out on the forehead and scattered acne on my cheeks and jawline. I recommend acne.org's AHA lotion. I've been using ACNE.ORG's skin line for a year and they have an AHA lotion along with acne care and it works amazingly. I actually had to go back to it and it cleared my acne up again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product seems to be making my fine lines fade. I only use it around my eyes and sometimes my forehead on the horizontal creases. I have used it almost nightly for about a month, and even though my sleeping has been less than desirable, my fine lines are definetly minimized. I am using this as a preventive measure (I am only 24 years old) so not sure how it would work on more mature skin. My one criticism is that it also seems to dry my face out slightly. This product is very potent with Alpha Hydroxy Acids(10%) which can cause irritation, photo-sensitivity and flaking. Research has shown that AHA can reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, but there is little evidence to suggest long-term efficacy."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently purchased this from a local store, I have to admit I only bought it because it was reduced price.  But I have be using it twice a day for two weeks and the difference in my skin is very apparent.  I am a black 46 yr. old, since using this my skin glows, my cheeks are naturally rosy, my skin tone is evening out and my pores look better.  And my skin is so soft like a baby's.  I will be definitely be using this for quite some time, and the amount you get 6oz. is quite a lot of product.  In addition to my face and neck, I have be using it on hands and they are smoother and less wrinkled.  I wish I could bath in this stuff.  I would highly recommend it and there was little to no smell from the product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't know what it is about AHA products but they all make me break out insanely. I thought maybe it was just the face wash so I tried the lotion because of all the amazing reviews but it was horrible. First, it doesn't blend well into the skin. Within two days of using it I have acne all over my face, blackheads and huge cysts. I definitely wouldn't recommend this to anyone who has acne. There are waaayy better products, like Bliss No Zit Sherlock.Edit: I had 2 people say this review was \"unhelpful\" so maybe I should clarify. I DO NOT have sensitive skin at all, I've never had a rash or any type of allergic reaction to a face product before. Maybe this is an allergic reaction, there's a first time for everything! Personally, I just think this product is not good for people who have acne, but it could just be me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this to try because it seemed to have some good active ingredients at a fair price. Alas, as I already know, you get what you pay for. First, the smell is pretty off putting, but that's not the deal breaker for me. What I really dislike is the watery texture and how it seems to just sit on my skin in white streaks that don't seem to absorb so much as dry on the face. This just feels icky yo use before bed and it's definitely not right for under makeup. Once it finally dries, it does sort of tighten the skin, but leaves it feeling sort of tuggy, not soft and smooth.I am generously giving this 2 stars because at least it doesn't seem to cause any adverse reactions."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So i was a bit skeptical about this product at first. I tried it for a whole week and let me tell you-brighten skin tone-acne going away-old acne scars fading-new acne scars fading-softnes-smoothnessI just dont really like the smell. I did a patch test as they said. It burns on acne marks alil but no harm just working.How I use it before I go to bed i apply a peas size that all. I even started using it for my toes knuckles they have gotten hard from last summer.. and its helping!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been having acne issues since i was 13 and im now 23. Nothing ever seem to work for the acne scar. I am usually skeptical about people reviews but I heard that AHA could help and i gave it a try. My goodness! Its only been 2 weeks and i am already seeing great improvements in the texture, tone and the overall health of my face. The price is just right and the quantity is definitely worth the bang for your buck. Don't be scared when you get a burning sensation, thats normal and proof that it is working. Out of all the products i have used to treat my acne marks, this is by far the best and the price is a bonus! This will have your skin looking so young, fresh and alive. You will glow! Im so happy and slowly regaining confidence. i can't wait to see future results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was very skeptical about buying this because I have tried just about everything out there on my skin. I haven't had any noticable results until now. I use this with Alpha Hydrox facewash. My skin has never looked better! After the first week I noticed amazing results. I have oily acne prone skin, but the combination of the two products has made a huge difference in my life. My complection has never looked better. I finally feel comfortable going without my make up, which I haven't done that since I was 13, pathetic huh?  I reccommend this to EVERYONE! It's worth every penny! I started noticing fine lines in my forehead so I wanted to find a anti-wrinkle cream to help with all my skin issues,uneven skin tone, breakouts, oily skin, etc.After a 2 weeks of this wah la! PERFECTION!!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This lotion in okay, not greasy, not very moisturising either.I bought it after reading the benefits of including glycolic acid in my skin care regimen, it was intended for my face. I have not used it for that long on my face, as I use Tretinoin most evenings. When I did use it, it was somewhat sticky, stung a bit, and I did not notice much in terms of effect or benefit from it. I did not break out, but it did not help with the acne and other sundry bumps on my face.However, I had these small bumps, in the fold behind my knees. I read on Amazon that this lotion could help, and indeed it has, within about 5 days the area has been completely cleared of the bumps.I will continue to use it all over my body, and face, whenever I am taking a break from Tretinoin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm nearly 25 and still get moderate breakouts. The worst part are the red marks that hang around for weeks even after the blemish is gone. This product is not only keeping my skin clearer, thus avoiding more red marks, it's also fading the red marks that were already there. My face hasn't been this clear in a long, long time. I use it once in the morning and once at night. It goes on nice and light under makeup - I can't even tell it's there. I ordered one for my sister after having such great success with it myself."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm 48 and Mom is 75 yrs old and ANY moisturizer gives us immediate acne.  I'm glad I found this again, the AH souffle is a tad oily.  The no-oil formula is a godsend, no more breakouts.  The product exfoliates according to how much and how often you use it (overuse will get you a red face).  It provides a gentle peel effect that starts working quickly drying up oil and acne.  I like the rate of peel; no scaly face. In 2-3 months I had smoother skin, slightly smaller pores, and better skin tone.  Using Alpha Hydroxy I have received the first EVER complements on my skin. I have very few wrinkles for my age.  I'm not saying I look 30, but I look good.  Mom's a recent convert, her skin has smoothed and she has noticed a difference."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am using this in tandem (switching nights) with other products that provide chemical exfoliation for my horrible skin, so it is hard for me to speak about its effectiveness specifically. That said, I do know that I have had no problems with this product. I was concerned that it would irritate my skin, as I am certainly prone to irritation and redness,  but I have had no such issues at all. It seems to be the gentlest of the products that I use. My skin is looking (relatively) fantastic lately, and this probably has something to do with it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Highly recommend for oily skin. Could be a little drying for other skin types, though. I have had excellent results with this product, and I have tried EVERYTHING, both over the counter and prescription. I find this works best during my \"downtime\" from Renova--I take 3-6 months off after an 18-month stretch to give my skin a break. During the down time I use ROC at night and this in the morning. It mimics the dermatologist-prescribed routine I am normally on, just gentler. Be sure to wear at least SPF 15 when using this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is heavier than the lotions so I normally use it on my arms and legs, and a dab on my face at night with the lotion. It's fragrance free, doesn't break me out and helps with winter itching. I recommend for sensitive skin types like mine, because cold weather makes my life miserable. Always has. Dry skin, rough hair and five months of no light. At least there's a lotion line out there that cures one of those issues. Could the makers of cetaphil please destroy winter as we know it? I'd really appreciate it, if this global warming deal doesn't work out...thanks. Oh by the way, I think they changed the formula because it's easier to spread."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Love Cetaphil!  Used to spend big bucks on those fancy dancy products at the dept. store.  Tried this at the recommendation of a dermatologist who told me all that I really wanted was a good moisturizer....that a prescription would be needed by those companies if they lived up to their claims.....I've been using Cetaphil ever since....also the cleanser.You just can't go wrong.  It's  non -greasy, keeps your skin moist all day....and before you go to bed, after washing your face, all night!  It can be used all over your body actually:  those elbows!I get told all the time that I look much younger than I am, and also that my skin is beautiful....well, I dunno about all that, but any help I get is because of Cetaphil.  I also like bare minerals radiance (slight shimmer) and Nars for some of their liquids (blushes) that I put on to make my skin have a dewy look."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this stuff. I use it as a facial lotion. This tub has lasted me over a year and I use it on a daily basis. I have extremely sensitive skin and this lotion hasn't irritated my face at all. It also has NO smell at all, no weird chemical smells or anything. It goes on a tad bit greasy if you use too much, but it quickly absorbs. It also doesn't irritate my acne. When I don't use this product, my face gets really dry like it usually does, but it works great when I use it. If I had to pick a con, it would be that I hate that this product is in a tub.....since it lasts so long, I don't like the thought of dipping my hands into a tub, it feels unsanitary. If you accidentally forget to put the lid on, the product gets hard at the top......either way, whatever. It still works great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Well, you've no doubt heard from some other reviewers that cetaphil's moisturizing lotion formula is greasy so I won't beat that into the ground. It does bother me that a product with the 'lightweight' and 'non-greasy' monikers does not live up to expectations. However, if you put a very very small amount of water into the bottle (several drops), just enough to curtail the thick viscosity, you should be fine.Aside from that the product does the job. If you are looking for a non-comodegenic, hypo-allergenic product then this is for you. If you are also looking for an oil-free product, then this is not for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Absolutely love this cream.  I have combination skin with oily t-zone but my skin dries out near my cheeks, near my eyes and chin.  I use this cream twice a day--once at night after a shower and once in the morning after washing and cleaning my face.  A lesser moisturizer would result in dry skin by lunchtime but this cream really keeps my skin moist and soft.  Super safe around eyes and works into skin really well.  No added scents!  I've tried lots of different moisturizers and this one is by far the best."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I buy this sat Costco when it is on sale and went on Amazon to do a comparison price check.  I do not use this as my everyday body cr&egrave;me, even though my dermatologist wishes I would.  This is non scented and I tend to use it at night after showering before I go to bed as it very rich.  I turned on a friend to this as she has very dry skin and now she uses it every day.  Important to note:  scoop a small amount onto your hands and rub your hands together to 'melt it down' before applying to the body."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't know why people use crap like this.It is full of chemicals that I would not put on my body because those chemicals you put ON your body go into your body.So what does one use instead?Well just about EVERY brand you can buy online or at the drugstore uses bad ingredients.So it's better to use natural stuff like:shea butterCoastal Scents Unrefined Shea Butter, 16 Ouncejojoba oilorganic coconut oilYou can easily mix this stuff together and make your own 100% natural and CHEAPER creams and oils for your face and body and not risk getting cancer from all those bad chemicals.Check out this info:beautyoffood.com/?hop=nfopowerUnfortunately the \"beauty industry\" will put any crap into a product if it will make your skin look or feel better but they don't give a dang about how it might affect your overall health.Don't be a chump, use your own cheaper better creams and oils - some stuff like cucumbers which you can rub on your face, are So cheap and work better than anything!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this.  My dermatologist has always told me to use cetaphil because I have acne.  I was actually using the cetaphil facial moisturizer for a while until I tried this.  I like it a lot better because it moisturizes my face a lot better than the other.I use it on my face and neck every time I wash my face (morning and night).  It doesn't feel too thick, but it helps moisturize.  It Doesn't feel greasy, oily, or sticky either.  Another plus is that it lasts forever if you use it for mainly your face.  I'm guilty for using in on the dry patches on my arms though!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This stuff is a miracle. I have incredibly dry skin from eczema and allergies. Winter is pretty awful for me. My skin, especially my legs, get very dry and itchy. Then I scratch and they hurt. Then I put lotion on and they sting. And I've tried everything, having particular luck with colloidal oatmeal lotions, but they weren't perfect.But this has been a godsend.Even though I use Cetaphil face wash, I would have never thought to try this out but received it in a package of products from Allure called the Allure Beauty Box. After my first use I was in love.It's thick, feels nice going on, doesn't burn, and kept my skin unbelievably healthy. I haven't scratched my legs once all winter for the first time in 25 years. Seriously unbelievable.I can't recommend this enough. Really does what it says!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this as an all over (head to toe) moisturizer year round. In the summers, I put my go-to sunscreen over it and it's not too much. I'm a bit of a product junkie, so in the past I've deviated from this to try other lotions and creams, but always came back to Cetaphil. I'm not budging again. It's economical, it doesn't contribute to breakouts (the skin on my face has an attitude), it moisturizes and keeps my skin that way throughout the day, and it seriously softens everything it touches. It's not greasy, soaks in quickly and well, doesn't interfere with any make up I use (that said, I only use a gel blush and maybe some powder) and it has a good ranking on the Environmental Working Group site (I think a 2 or 3) and contains no parabens. Sold."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "On my doctor's advice I started using Cetaphil products. I absolutely love the moisturizing cream as it seems to really sink into the skin and moisturize it. I always apply this cream before going to sleep at night followed up by an application the following day. During particularly dry seasons, I may apply this cream several times a day.This stuff really works. I suffer from very dry skin and Atopic Dermatitis. Applying the Cetaphil cream seems to help alleviate these skin conditions. What is really nice is the skin cream is unscented. Sensitive skin, like mine, can be irritated by perfumed lotions.Highly reommend."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have extremely dry skin/psoriasis and I have tried all of the moisturizers in the world that claim to relieve dry skin but Cetaphil is the only cream that has ever saved me. It's really great for any skin type and I recommend it to everyone. It seems like it would be greasy but when its put on, it absorbs really fast and you can see that your skin really and FINALLY finally moisturized and its a rather wonderful feeling. I'm pretty sure that if I didn't use it, I'll have horribly dry/ peeling skin all over my face and look twenty years older than I actually do because of it. It's so wonderful! CeraVe and Cetaphil are the two moisturizers I highly recommend, but Cetaphil is still my favorite."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My dermatologist friend has this all over his home... he's got two little kids.... so I figured there might be something to it.Bit pricey but I can see how this will last me awhile.... I like to use it on my drier bits... feet, knees, elbows, face, etc. I was never great about lotion on my face but when I've used this, it's been kind of awesome.... it just love that it feels so rich but so neutral... I guess that's the point... don't want it to aggravate the skin!So I figured I'd splurge a little in my mission to become better friends with my skin. I figure if I get a good running start now, I can look more youthful even as my body has other plans ;)Really like this cream!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried everything and beside Olay for face, this is the very best. I use it on my body and face, along with the Olay, and the results are wonderful. My skin is soft, not greasy, dewy, plump and zitless. This lotion might be a little heavier than some but my skin likes it. If u have dry or allergy-prone skin, this is for you. I tried a cheaper lotion a few weeks ago and ran back to this. Cetaphil makes several varations, so any skin need can be met. Excellent for ppl like me who hate fragrances! So great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser is the gentlest facial cleanser I have been able to find.  I am highly allergic to several different soaps and preservatives, but Cetaphil doesn't cause me to break out, itch, or dry up.I'd suggest the liquid Cetaphil cleanser instead of their soap bar, as bars can cause one to have clogged pours (read: blackheads).The only downside is that it won't remove makeup very easily, so I only use it in the morning and use my trusty cold cream at night.This 4 oz side is perfect to throw in your gym bag or overnight suitcase."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser is the gentlest facial cleanser I have been able to find. I am highly allergic to several different soaps and preservatives, but Cetaphil doesn't cause me to break out, itch, or dry up.I'd suggest the liquid Cetaphil cleanser instead of their soap bar, as bars can cause one to have clogged pours (read: blackheads).The only downside is that it won't remove makeup very easily, so I only use it in the morning and use my trusty cold cream at night.This bottle is rather large.  I use it to refill my 4 oz bottle since it's cheaper to buy 16 ounces at a time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The texture of the cleanser takes some getting used to; it does not spread over the skin like soap so I can't get away with a couple of squirts on a washcloth to wash my whole body. I have dry, sensitive skin and mild adult acne that gets worse with exercise and the hot weather. In the month I used this (only lasted me that long) I realized I wasn't breaking out the way I used to. When I ran out I tried another, less expensive product that was also supposed to be dermatologist recommended. I broke out the next day and had itching in areas that weren't itchy using Cetaphil. I'm going back to Cetaphil but to make it last longer I'm just using it on my face and sensitive areas. I think it's worth it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Hi,I've been using Cetaphil for years now.  I first bought after reading reviews in Allure magazine and I wasn't disappointed one bit!! It's the best, non drying and non-abrasive cleanser I've ever used... and while it is a bit pricey (I'm pretty cheap lol) it's worth it and the bottle (used by my eldest daughter and myself) lasts us 6 months!  And you can use it without water if you needed too!  It's amazing!Honestly, I will use this stuff forever.  :)LOVE it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Wow this stuff is garbage. I am so perplexed by all the great reviews. I have very fair, sensitive skin with mild/moderate acne. I have been looking for a good facial moisturizer for years and thought this would be my answer. Nope. It's not a cream, it's runnier than regular lotion and upon application it feels like a gel. After 10 minutes it feels like I put nothing on my face, in fact it makes my face feel a little tight. I look in the mirror and see dry patches. I am so disappointed, I just can't trust reviews anymore. Only good thing about this product is that it has no fragrance and doesn't irritate my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using moisturizer from all stretches of the earth. NuSkin to dead sea to japanese products to Exuviance. This one moisturizes very well. The thing about less-expensive moisturizers are that they do the same job, but they are thicker. I have been having drier skin, overall after using this for a year, so I'm not sure if the long term benefits are good. My skin looks older but I don't think it is due to this product or just aging. This product is a bit too much for summertime, if you have an oily/shiny t-zone."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin and combination at that. I used to spend much more money on the kinerase moisturizer. But I decided to try other brands so save some money. After several attempts on different brands. I found this gem! Diamond in the rough! It lasts me a long time and I have no reaction to it. I only hope they don't discontinue it any time soon because I really don't want to find another one and chances are, it will be much more expensive. At this price you should definitely try this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Pleasant smell, non-irritating, non-drying does it what it claims! I was depressed over how my skin was looking & tried Proactiv but that stuff made my condition worse, with this & the Neutrogena, Anti-Wrinkle, Anti-Blemish cream, I noticed a noticable difference the next day even my mom said that my skin was pretty! Don't expect a big lather with this in fact, it's actually a good thing it doesn't lather too much (it's just right) because that can be drying to your skin just as they say you don't want an uber soapy shampoo that lathers too much because that can strip the oils from your hair drying it out. I LOVE THIS STUFF, & being on a fixed income I needed something I can afford that actually delivered on it's promises!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was using neutrogena rapid anti wrinkle night moisturizer... By the way I am 36 and have 2 lines in the forehead and a wrinkle in the nose in between eyes. And also lines around eyes... I don't prefer to use chemicals near eyes.. So I use organic natural product for around eyes. The rapid anti wrinkle was good.. Still I felt it might be too strong and I don't need it now .. In late 30s... Might be in late 40s... So tried this cream which is milder... I am using it for the last 2 weeks... When I wake up every morning and see myself in the mirror... I feel like my face is super clean, fresh and soft...doesn't  break out my combination skin... So far so good... Will continue using this"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have oily acne prone skin and I started getting fine lines around my eyes. I usually like Neutrogena products but this one is a dud. First, it doesn't lather at all. I've had an issue w/ it actually sliding off my hands a few times since it doesn't lather. Second it has a weird smell. Third it doesn't work. I'm delusional in thinking that a few months using the product will suddenly make my fine lines disappear but there is no difference at all. Plus my skin is still oily and I've broken out several times since I started using it. After this bottle I'm done. I'm in the market for something new."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I can't find this is ANY stores.  Neutrogena makes something similar in a pump, but I hear that it's pretty harsh on the skin.  I got this due to rave reviews -- and Thank You Amazon for carrying it --- and I absolutely love it.  I wear it almost nightly under my moisturizer.  My skin is smoother and appears fresher in the morning.  It did make my nose peel a little bit, but that's when I take a night off.  I really like this and hopefully can continue to buy this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this product for 3 weeks and have had great results. I have dry, sensitive, blemish prone skin. I'm in my late 20's with severe environmental allergies and mild acne. I cannot use Benzoyl Peroxide as it's too irritating and actually makes my skin swell.  Retinol, AHA and BHA are the only OTC products I can use without breaking out. This product is not hard on my skin and I've noticed my acne clearing since I've started using it. In the morning, I can see my blemishes have healed some compared to the night before. I have also noticed old blemish spots fading significantly.  I also like that it comes in a tube rather than a jar. The antioxidants and other ingredients won't spoil that way. Good for Neutrogena for coming out with this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this Neutrogena Healthy Skin Anti-Wrinkle, Anti-Blemish Cleanser several weeks ago from Ulta for $6.95 shipped.  I LOVE this face cleanser.  I use it with theClarisonic PRO Deluxe Professional 4-Speed Skin Care System with Spot Therapy Kit, Whiteand have seen fabulous results (no miracles ... but definitely a clearer, smoother complexion).  I only use this cleanser every 2-3 days.  I alternate it with other Neutrogena cleansers so that I do not overdry my skin (especially as we are approaching winter).  So far, my skin looks much clearer and smoother.  I get those occasional blemishes in the T-zone area and this clears it up.  I have even noticed that my pores and those fine lines are less visible.  It even has a nice smell.  Overall, I'm very happy!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "All the neutrogena are very effective when it comes to anti wrinkle and acne fighting, only draw back if you are prone to have sensitive skin like me, be careful how much you apply, and how often you apply it, otherwise it will really dry your skin out and your skin becomes very itchy.So make sure to follow the directions, do only apply to the effected area, stay away from anywhere from the eye area, about 1 inch at least, and try it out first and use it every other day or so.Even as I keep my Neutrogena products on hand for emergencies,:) , for the day to day use you maybe want to check out the Lush products that are also on sale here on Amazon. Dream Creme, amazing moisturizer(also for people who have dry skin due to Caner treatments !!!!) , Vanishing creme, amazing moisturizer for acne prone skin, deminishes redness, acne scars, and Herbalism, an organic cleanser."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using the night cream from this line for a few months and quite like it -- so I decided to buy the corresponding day SPF 15 cream.Overall, it's a nice product. Moisturizes well, and have good enough SPF. I like the fact that it has retinol and comes in a tin tube (so sun can't decay the retinol). I haven't noticed any improvements in my fine lines or wrinkles, but I'm using it more as a preventative measure (I'm 34 currently).However, I have noticed that the texture of the product is a bit chalky and less nice and soothing as the night version. I attribute this to the SPF, so that's fine. I like this product enough to continue buying it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is an amazing night cream. I wanted to try a mild retinol product to see how it affected my acne prone skin and I am happy to say that there are only two products in the world that do not make me break out after using it and this is one of them. I noticed my skin was much smoother after just the first application and only improved afterwards. No tingling or burning as with other retinol products and I even applied it around my eyes without any negative reactions. There wasn't any significant improvement with the fine wrinkles that I have on my forehead due to sun exposure but it is still a wonderful night cream. Overall, I definitely recommend this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best cleanser I have used in years.  I have 30 year old skin that is starting to look a tiny bit tired after two kids and lack of sleep.  In addition I have break outs still on a regular basis or should I say I did until using this product.  Since using this product my skin is looking refreshed and I have ZERO breakouts, even around that time of the month.  I ran out and was using some sample products I had on hand and what a mistake, my blemishes came back almost instantly.  As soon as I returned to using this product my skin was clear and feeling great.  I use it once a day in combination with the Neutrogena lavender face wipes at night.  This product is not a scrub, but a creamy sort of cleanser.  I would recommend this product for sure, no hesitation."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First of all, I always buy the unscented body oil because I use a dropper and squirt some of my favorite aromatherapy essential oils into it before I use it. It takes no more than one dropper full to completely scent the entire bottle of body oil. Impressive, and with heavier oils like sweet almond it takes alot more than just one dropper to carry the scent.I use this after my shower, and just a few drops on my hand can cover an entire body area (lower leg, upper leg, arm, ect). I find the moisture to be helpful, but not enough for my legs, so I use lotion there, too. But it helps, definitely. Plus it adds a sexy sheen (as in shine, not Charlie).It's also great for suntanning, though suntanning is bad for skin anyway...this at least helps keep the skin moist and isn't so heavy that it makes me feel sticky afterwards."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried all kinds of oils over the years to combat dry skin.  I love this Neutrogena body oil, I love the large bottle it comes in, it has a great flip top that makes it easy to use, without making a huge oily mess.  It smells great, it goes on smoothly and is easy to blend in.  I will be ordering more of this, it works so well.  It has helped me get rid of a patch of very dry skin I had on the back of my neck.  I just put this on after a shower, when the skin is still moist.  It really moisturizes and isn't greasy."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It does not smell like sesame oil at all, which is good. Not like the smell of food. It actually has a very pleasant smell.  Oil is not too thick.  Nice to apply after a bath, but you can also put some on the tub when relaxing. Wife and I are using it especially more often during the winter.  It helps you to stay a little bit warm.  Helps your skin to keep it from drying.  Not bad to use for massage, but kinda expensive for that purpose."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This goes on soooooo easily and absorbs quickly into my skin.  There is a very slight shimmer upon application.  NOT greasy at all!!!!  Since this product is fragrance-free, I've also used it in my hair, and it works as well as the Fekkai hair oil I use.  It's thin so it would be hard to overdo it like lotion.  The only thing is that when I'm in a rush, some oil droplets find their way to the floor or my counter.  Easy peasy to clean though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have to start out by saying that I am really not a fan of Neutrogena products. This is one of the exceptions. Three days after starting Accutane, I ran out of my expensive moisturizer (Physiodermie - Oily Skin Cream - 50ml) and had to run to the drugstore to buy moisturizer. I had a meltdown because they didn't have Olay in stock and bought Aveeno, Cetaphil, and this. This is the best, by a long shot. It feels nearly as good as my expensive one, but it doesn't sink into the skin quite as fast. The only downside is the smell, which is of clay. I don't mind it, since that proves it is fragrance free-- I just wish it was a little less strong.My favorite drugstore moisturizer is stillOlay Regenerist Deep Hydration Regenerating Cream, 1.7-Fluid Ounce, but I would definitely repurchase this neutrogena moisturizer!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to use the Neutrogena moisturizer for sensitive skin, but decided to try this since my skin does tend to be oily. The lotion itself is very thin. Instead of my normal one application, with this lotion I need to apply twice, otherwise my face is dry and flaky--once after getting out of the shower, and another time before putting on my make up. The 2 stars is for the fact that my skin does look and feel good using this lotion, but there are plenty others that do just as good a job with just half the amount."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had meant to order the SPF version, which comes out of the pump a white color.  This is a creamy-whitish.  Nothing wrong with that, but I need the SPF coverage and I actually use it to lighten up my light tinted moisturizer...I'm kinda pale, so I will stick with the SPF next time.  That said, I still use this sometimes at night or if I know I will be bumming around the house all day with no fun-in-the-sun.  It is lightweight and, like all Neutrogena products, of high quality."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin that seems to be becoming more and more sensitive as time goes on. I've tried lots of different products claiming to be great for sensitive skin, but those claims don't usually hold true (they either make me break out or itchy or have scents, etc. in them that are irritating....or are for more mature skin) but this stuff does! It moisturizes without being greasy or causing irritation. I've been using it for about a year now and I've never had any problems with it. Usually lotions will cause me to break out in a purple patchy rash around my mouth, but this doesn't at all. It does need a few minutes to really absorb into the skin after applying it though (at least before starting to put on make up or whatever). Definitely recommend!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "im 13 and i love neutrogena products. i bought this from target and it was $10. i have been using it only for a little while but i noticed it made my skin super soft!! and spf in a moisturizer is awesome, and the fact that it is no comedogenic (srry idk how to spell that??) i would totally recommed this, i have sort of oily skin and i think i just need to buy some blotting wipes or something like that, elf ahve some 150 for $3!! but i think that theres nothing that will stop the oil from coming out through the moisturizer or your makeup. if that makes sense. hope this helped :) good luck"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For years I have struggled with dry, acne-prone skin, and all moisturizers I tried caused me to break out, left my face feeling oily, or would wear-off and would need to be re-applied throughout the day. This is the first moisturizer I have tried that works for my sensitive skin without any of those problems.This product dissolves quickly without oily residue and leaves my skin feeling soft for the entire day (until I wash my face my again).  I use this product twice a day (morning and night) after I wash my face, and I love it!  If you are struggling to find a good facial moisturizer, I would definitely recommend this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I chose tiis moisturizer because it did not have SPF in it and it was advertised as not to clog the pore on my face.  I seems a little more pricey than Oil of Olay.  I have always used a moisturizer after shaving, it does a far better job of soothing the skin thanalcohol based products P.S. after about 1/2 of the bottle the pump no longer will pump and you are left with 1/2 bottle that you have to beat out with your hand to get it.... I won't make this mistake again of ordering this... Shame of them..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really like it, especially for the warmer times. For reference, I have oily and acne prone skin that can be sensitive to some products.PROS:-moisturizes fairly well-dries matte (and keeps me from being shiny for about 4-5 hours if I only have this moisturizer on)-affordable-mixes well with other products (beauty oils, facial serums, sunscreen)CONS:-no SPF (personally, I find putting on sunscreen can be a laborious extra step)The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because I have yet to find a moisturizer like my all-time favorite one (Lancome Visionaire moisturizer). I would definitely recommend this product and would buy it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really wanted a very light night cream. I'm sure this mosturizes well but it left a residue that was still present the next morning. I tried it again and again, using less each time until I was putting the merest suggestion of cream on my face - no longer enough to even begin to moisturize. Reluctantly I took this off my subscription list and won't buy it again.But I do realize this is a preference thing. For some people - different age, different skin, different preferences - it might be wonderful. Certainly it seemed well blended and was fragrance free as described. For me, it came out probably one or two stars. But I'm giving it three because I think it's a nice enough product - just not for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After having my baby I developed a rash on my hands from overwashing and extremely dry skin. I visited a dermatologist who prescribed me a steroid cream to get rid of the rash and samples of this hand cream. He insisted I use this every time I wash my hands to keep them moisturized so I would not have another rash breakout. I have been using this for over a year now and do not have dry chapped skin. I still wash my hands about 20 times a day so this is a life saver!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This creme is super heavy duty, but tends to disappear as it soaks in.  Great for hands and feet. Being in Arizona, I am always having to apply some kind of creme to my heels and hands to combat dryness. I've run through about a dozen, high-end and low-end, but nothing works quite like the Norwegian Formula. Must be all the glycerin?I wouldn't use it on my face, obviously, but anywhere you have itchy, cracked or super dry skin, go for it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First of all, thank you to all the other reviewers who persuaded me to give the Norwegian Formula Hand Cream a try! I can't remember the last time my hands were this soft... if ever.It took a little less than 7 days of regular use to smooth my rough, winter skin and now my hands are soft all the time and that includes after washing dishes.  There is no scent so the men in the household also did not mind giving it a try. I would recommend this product to anyone who suffers from chronically dry, rough hands and probably will never buy another brand of hand cream again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had used this years ago, and didn't like it because it was too thick. The formula must have changed, or I am more intelligent and used it properly this time! Yes, it is more like an ointment than a cream, but it goes on creamy IF your skin is fresh from the shower or hand washing. Just use a little. Do not glop it on. My dermatologist suggested using this as a night time hand cream for my dry hands. It works really well using it this way, and if I need to I can add a little extra and put on gloves."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm absolutely in love with this hand cream. Since it's winter my hands have been cracking a lot and feeling really dry. If it isn't the weather, it's washing my hands too often, but this cream has completely healed my hands. After one or two uses (overnight) my hands feel and look better! You need only a small amount to get this result too (:It does feel a little tacky after you apply it, but give a minute or two and it'll sink into your skin. It'll be like it's not even there!I totally recommend this product. No doubt in my mind."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This hand cream was created for use by Norwegian fishermen working in the North Atlantic.  There is nothing glamorous about it. It doesn't have pretty packaging, there is no pretty fragrance, it tends to be a little slow to absorb and it is gooey if you get  too much on.  However...it is hands down, without a doubt, the hand cream that produces the best results over any other, in my opinion.  I use it at night (I use a more easily absorbed cream during the day) and the next morning my hands are kitten-soft and incredibly smooth.  Not surprising.  After all, if it can help those fishermen braving the icey waters of the North Atlantic, think what it can do with our hands!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have spent so much money over the years on skincare ! Bought all the expensive brands ( Estee Lauder, Lancome etc ) My skin is sensitive and on the drier side and almost everything I used did not work .  I use this for my face !  I am 53  and this stuff is incredible ! It makes your skin very soft and not greasy at all ! I  Great under your make up too . The glycerine is the ingredient that will do the trick !  I have used it now for years and I will not buy anything else . You need so little that it lasts a long time too ."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Every winter my hands get really chapped.  Even if I wear gloves.  They crack and bleed and are just not attractive.  Every year I try to find something that works.  I took a chance and bought this item.  It's amazing!  I put some on last night and immediately noticed that my knuckles weren't as tight and my skin was softer.  Applied a little more before bedtime.  This morning, my hands are silky smooth.  There's no cracking, no chapping and they look amazing!It is thick, and until it absorbs it leaves your hands feeling a little weird.  But it doesn't take long to absorb and that feeling goes away.  For the results, it's well worth it!I recommend this product to anyone who can't find anything that works."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I live this product - it is great as a moisturizer and isn't too heavy for my oily skin. I love the scent but, unfortunately, I think that is what made my skin tingle when I first started using it. The tingle has gone away, for the most part, but people with sensitive skin or people (like me) who use things like Retin-A that make their skin sensitive, take note. I think next time I'll try the Olay Pro-X Age Repair Lotion or the Total Effects 7-In-1."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Let me tell you, I'm a veteran at moisturizer and i've been thru it all , divorced break up to make upwith all these products.. lol... this is my dovoted one.. what it says it delivers wit seriously magnificent results.you dont need much, just have a good cleanser.. and use a lil bit rub it gently around your face.. drink plenty of wateruse this day and night.... give it about one month, and watch this baby go to work.. im not Lying I spent hundereds of dollarsand waisted them all... what i realize for best skin products come from not expensive over hyped adds.. but the names thathave great establishment and history like Olay..  and this perticular one complete all day for sensitve skin is the best for sensetive skin so dont deviate from it if u have sensitive skin this is your best chance to control your oil and have even skin tone.."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a basic make-up remover.  I forgot how thick it is.  It does a good job at removing my make-up.  You need to wipe it off with a face cloth or wet wipe to remove.  It will not come off with just a water splash.  It leaves my skin soft and dewey.  I would recommend to you if you like the extra removal step.  You wil need to follow with a toner to completely remove the residue from your skin.  Nice scent."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this after I wash my face and before I put on makeup.  I use it morning & night in the winter, and at night in the summer, on my face and neck.  It does not take much at all to cover a lot of area. One container lasts me forever!  My brother even uses this in the winter when his skin gets so dry.This doesn't clog my acne-prone pores at all! And works wonders very quickly! (I like to think it also helps me avoid wrinkles!- I haven't gotten any yet!) This moisturizes without that greasy feeling some products can leave you with.  I highly recommend this!1smileycat :-)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Reasonably priced skin cream that can go on under makeup for daywear and apply liberally at night.  I have been using this for years and it does softens skin in an extra rich texture that has a pleasing and recognizable scent.Since I am allergic to lanolin and have had sensitive skin my whole life I first checked the ingredients on the back of the jar and found this is not listed.There is also no sticky feeling left on your hands or face after applying and no tightness present on the face. It feels so silky when applied after I have come inside from a hot day, relief in a small jar that can be applied over face and throat. I have noticed a big difference in how my face looks since I first started using Pond's Dry Skin Cream."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I never taken care of my face as I should so I ordered a jar of this to start the process. Turning 30 is boring and hard. so far this has been a really, really great choice!! I have very sensitive skin and I get little to no breakouts and this lotion has been a perfect balance to keep that consistent. I've tried other lotions that claimed to be amazing (I'm looking at you Lush) and have either broken out of the ingredients have dried my skin out drastically.I will buy this again and continue to use it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only cosmetic product I've stuck with for over 25 years.  This powder has been around forever and there is a reason for that.  It has a very fine texture which applies perfectly.  It is also very inexpensive.  Most people would be able to use this powder without foundation, since it enhances and perfects the complexion so well. Unless you really need extra coverage, I recommend the basic translucent shade if you wear foundation, which should work with nearly every complexion.  The other shades are heavier and, if used with certain foundations, might not last as well for over 8 hours without caking.  On the other hand, the heavier extra coverage shades work very well without foundation.  I've tried Christian Dior, Lancome, Elizabeth Arden, and a million other loose powders and none of them compare to Coty."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Thank you Amazon for finding an importer for this makeup.  When Max Factor stopped selling in the US, I was devastated.  I then found it at another place online, but they stopped carrying it too.  I hope this vendor will continue the relationship with Amazon.This makeup is creamy, covers well, and comes in a variety of shades to blend with almost any skin tone.  And it is a lasting makeup.  I get several month's use from each tube.  I also love this makeup, because I no longer have to worry about spills when I travel.  It's not magic, but it will cover those flaws and blemishes, of which I have far too many.  It doesn't cake or look garish.  What else can you say?  It works!It is expensive, since it has to be imported, but it is worth the cost to me to.  I love using it that much."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have two other foundations that I mainly use but this comes a close second to them.  Great coverage.  Stays put.  Easy to use.  What more could you ask for?  Maybe make it easier to find.  I've been so surprised at how many stores have dropped this product. I really love Max Factor and hope it doesn't get discontinued.  That would be a real shame for such a good brand.  Their mascara, 2000 Calories, is one of the best I've used too.  Went looking for it the other day in the store but no luck.  Thank goodness we can still get it here. :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the stuff. And as pointed out by another reviewer, SPF 25 would definitely be a better precaution than 15 but this moisturiser is so good otherwise I can overlook it for now. The main aspect of it that appeals to me is that the product actually stays on the skin and keeps moisturising all day. On a face as dry as mine is that is a rare accomplishment. Other creams bite the dust in a few hours on me.A reliable product that does what it claims to do at an especially good price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I tried this product while looking for a replacement for the Neutrogena Visibly Firm lotion that has now apparently been discontinued.  I am NOT impressed.  It reeks of \"that sunscreen smell\" and leaves my face feeling greasy for hours.  It does not work well under makeup - the face ends up with a somewhat smeary look, similar to the look you get on a hot day when you've been sweating buckets.  Additionally, it causes a very uncomfortable burning sensation if you get even the tiniest bit in an eye.I now only apply this product on my neck and d&eacute;colletage. While it does seem to work pretty well as a moisturizer, I will not be purchasing any more when the two-pack has been used up.Disappointing."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'd been using the regular Neutrogena bar soap on my face for years, but I just decided to grab this one day while shopping.  I could not be more pleased!  I always thought my skin looked ok, but with this I actually love my skin!  Not to sound vain, but I look in the mirror and just think about how good my skin looks now and I don't even wear coverup!  IMO I think it makes me look younger too, but that could be wishful thinking!  This does not have the consistency of a cleanser, it does seem more like a lotion, but don't let that dissaude you, it is really great on the skin!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have dry, sensitive skin. I've tried a number of cleansers like this one (Cetaphil, Ponds cold cream, Boots cleansing lotion, etc.) and this one seems to work the best. It takes make up off well and doesn't leave behind a 'filmy' feeling if you just wipe off.  If you do rinse with water, it doesn't leave you with a tight, squeeky-clean feeling. It really does leave your skin feeling moisturized and yet cleanses enough to get rid of the dirt and make-up!  I'm very happy with this cleanser and will purchase again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this cleanser for my husband. He was looking for something simple to help his complexion and he loves this stuff! I was sharing my own personal cleanser with him at first, but he didn't like that. I decided to try this for myself a couple of times. It doesn't foam, but it leaves your skin feeling squeaky clean. I also love the smell. With regular use, I have noticed a change in my husband's skin for sure. Good stuff! It looks smoother and brighter."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've found this cleanser does a great job of removing light to moderate oil/dirt from the skin without overdrying.  It is a cream based cleanser with no abrasives in it, so it's very gentle on the skin as well.I usually rub a little bit on my skin with my hands, then wash it off with water.  This is good for when you just need a light cleansing.  You can put a little on a wash rag, then rub your skin with the rag if you need a more robust cleaning.Overall a great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When they say deep clean they mean it.  I have sensitive skin and don't normally use astringent products like this but right after I had my baby I was only getting the chance to wash my face about twice a week.  My normal cleanser (which I typically used every day) wasn't getting my face clean when used so infrequently so I tried this and it was a great find.  I understand why some people felt it was too harsh and I would never use it every day, but if you have oily skin and are only getting the chance to wash every few days this is a great way to go.  One problem was that it did dry out my lips if it ran over my mouth when I rinsed my face, so I spread a little petroleum on them first and that did the trick."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love love love this cleanser!!! I'm changing products all the time to see if I find a better fit, but I always come back to this cleanser! It feels sooo good on my combination acne prone skin. It doesn't dry it out, however I can feel it cleanses very well. I like to leave it on as a mask during the time I brush my teeth (about 5 min or so), then when I rinse it off my skin feels amazing, there's a light tingling feeling and incredible deep clean sensation! They say it contains beta hydroxy, so I'm guessing it's acting a little kind of like very light peeling, refreshing your complexion every time..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Men...if you have large pores that get clogged up this is for you.  I started using this two months ago.  It will keep your pores clean and open.  After just one month I found that the pores on my nose were staying open and actually seemed to be slowly diminishing in size.  I have this as one of my many subscribe and save items... so I know it will be a good price and I know it will arrive with all my other sub/saves on the 1st of every month."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have an oily forehead with dry nose and cheeks. I get blackheads and sometimes acne, especially if I don't follow my skin reggie.I've been using this with some other Neutrogena products for about 8 months now.The texture is white and creamy. It tingles on the skin if you let it sit for a few minutes. I let it sit on my face while brushing my teeth or during the shower, then rinse with cool water. I use every morning.My skin reggie:Neutrogena Cream Cleanser every morningNeutrogena Clear Pore Cleanser OR Neutrogena Blackhead Cleaners as a wash every morning, as a mask once a week.Formula 10.0.5 mud mask once a week.Apricot Scrub once a week.Change pillowcases every few daysUse a separate towel for face only, change every few daysWash face morning and nightFollow with moisturizer always and sunscreen for the day on top of moisturizerTry not to touch my face, don't pick blemishes"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this mascara! I have used it for several years and when I try other mascaras, I am never happy with them and I always come back to this one. I don't like waterproof mascara because it is so hard to get off and I feel like I pull eyelashes out when I try to get it off. This if perfect; it is truly a thickening mascara and makes your eyelashes look great! And it doesn't have to be black; even the brown looks great! I like that it's also hypoallergenic and that it conditions my lashes with aloe and vitamin B5. And even with the shipping the cost was less than if I bought it in a store...and it's delivered right to my door!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My wife likes this mascara as it thickens and lengthens without clumping. She has a favorite mascara and this one is as good as it is. She also likes that it is washable and easily removed.She doesn't care for the brush as much as others she has tried but she can live with it. One issue that frustrates her though is that the brush is short and it cannot reach the bottom of the tube and she feels that you cannot use all of the mascara that is available.She rates this at 5 stars and would buy it again. I have posted a photo for your information."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Almay make-up remover towelette like  wipes are much better than these Almay pads.  These pads irritated my eyes because they are scratchy and they have soooooo much oil on them.  One word: Horrible!  I have to use a paper towel to soak up the oil first before I put these on my eyes and it's still that bad.  I only got them because I love Almay make-up towellete like wipes.  Boy was that a big mistake.  Stay-away from these pads."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used both the moisturizing and the oil-free version of this makeup remover. Now, I will only rebuy the moisturizing one. The oil-free one was terrible.I can deal with having a bit of oil around my eyes after removing makeup, especially if it is moisturizing the area like it says it does. I end up going to sleep anyway after removing makeup, so it isn't a big deal. The formula is extremely gentle and it does its job without irritating the eyes. And if you don't want the oil around your eyes after removing the makeup, just take a towel and wipe it off. It is not a big deal.The oil-free one, on the other hand, irritated my eyes to no end! I couldn't even finish the container. My eyes became really red and bloodshot and I just couldn't keep using them. I am going to throw these out and re-buy the moisturizing ones."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because it was on the top ten colognes for men on some site i went too on google. Anyways, it smells really great and lasts all day. I work in a corporate office and its 8 hour days and this scent lasts well pass the time i get home. Warning: you dont need a lot of sprays for this, a few well placed squirts around the neck and the wrists and your good to go. I recommend this, it came well before the estimated delivery time, nothing was tampered with and it smells really great. Get this fragrance and smell like a BOSS!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For starters, my hair LOOOOOVES color. Soaks it right up and does great with almost all cheapo home kits.I got to the color on the box from very dark brown in about 3 colorings that were spaced out, hence the 4 stars. I have a lot of red in my hair and it really kept the brassiness to the minimum while I worked on getting to a lighter shade. there is a lot of really nice dimension to the color as well, making it look naturally blonde.I also ignored the timing instructions. I always apply my color the same way (roots to ends) and leave it on for 45 minutes no matter what. I also cover my hair with a plastic cover to keep heat in and help the color set.I finally got bored of the upkeep this color required as far as roots go and went back to my natural, but it was a fun (and cheap) way to go medium blonde for a while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very dark brown hair and for some reason it took me a while to learn that these feria blacks are just not good for your hair. not only does it strip my color out of my hair (my hair starts turning medium brown in spots after a week of this product) but my hair absolutely feels awful (course, dry, brittle) immediately after usage. loreals \"last through 28 shampoos\" creme gloss product is longer lasting than this so called permanent hair color. I think this crap needs to be taken off the shelves and they need to try again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like the ombre look. So i decided to try this after all of the tutorials Ive watched.Long story short, I think this look is okay.....Its definitely looks better with your hair curled, like a light wavy....But thats just my opinion....Its a very nice product, everything you need is right there in the box.You can achieve any look with this.i will say my first time, my hair did turn brassy copper color.But i bought a second box by accident and re did my color, and its a nice honey blonde....."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I rarely see copper colors in the drugstores so I was happy to find this on Amazon. I've been coloring my hair red for years but I have found that the coppery reds are much more flattering. And as I tend to leave the mixture on longer than required as i usually get distracted, this does not leave reddish- purply tones. When I colored my hair today I left in on for an hour and it looks rich and gorgeous. Feria colors don't seem to fade as fast either. Great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This did lift my medium brown hair to a yellow blonde. Which I toned down with a purple toner and now it is a lovely blonde.I left it in for 40 minutes after applying it to my hair. It took me about 20-25 minutes to complete the application so some areas of my hair had  60 minutes of contact with the product. That hair came out completely blonde. Next time I will leave it on a little longer.Left my hair in great condition in comparison to other brands I have tried."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this color off and on for a few years.  I find the feria line isn't nearly as drying to my hair as others.  My hair feels in great shape when I'm done.  I have a hard time keeping color on my hair (with any box or salon color) - my hair wants to turn blonde...even though my hair is brown and the roots come in brown.  I use this every 6-8 weeks, but my hair is usually pretty blonde when I do.  The color comes out great - no orange tints at all...which is a problem I usually have with other boxes.  I will continue to use and stop switching around!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been dying my hair for 10 years, and this is my absolute favorite blonde hair color! Feria seems to last longer than most home coloring brands that I've used. It smells nice, and it lasts longer than your average box color.New improved Feria boasts of \"3X Shimmering Highlights\"... and they're not lying! In the light, you can really see it shimmer. I can also pick out some highlights & lowlights if I look closely. I love it! This color itself (Dark Golden Blonde) is my favorite. I tell my sister it looks like \"gold in a bottle\", which is totally true!As a bonus, I love the conditioner that comes with it!If you want non-brassy color with rich golden/reddish tones, use this! You won't regret it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Back in the day, I would have seen a girl with her hair like this and thought she needed to do her roots.  However, I had gotten sick of my plain dark brown hair and wanted something new.  I saw this at Target and went for it.  I have actually tried before with highlighting kits to do this but thanks to the Feria brush it is now much easier to get this look.  My hair at this time is shoulder length and I took the brush and bleach and at chin level created a new look.  It is really cute!  I curled the ends and can't wait to premier it.  If it gets accolades, I will update this review!!!  LOVE IT...In case my low votes are due to my lack of editing...SORRY, My hair did look fantastic and A LOT of guys liked it!  I have used this again and again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This color is so bold and edgy, it is fantastically vampy. The color has blue undertones, which I learned after dying it over a few errant bleached blonde strands. This color does fade very quickly, and it should be noted that there is nothing natural looking about this color. L'Oreal Paris Feria has several natural looking shades of black--but this is NOT one of them. This color is simply too shiny and far too stark to be considered \"au natural\". Fortunately for me I was craving something more dramatic and quasi scene-looking. I'd recommend this for anyone desiring an edgy look. For those just wanting to touch up on dark strands--seek another product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'd been messing around with lighter shades of red for about a year before I came across this color. I loved being a strawberry blonde, but the deeper, darker reds always intrigued me. So, I picked this up at Target. I wanna say it was the same price as on here.. At first, I thought it was too outrageous. I don't want to attract attention everywhere I go. But then I started getting compliments. I mean, everywhere I went. I had people tell me it was the prettiest hair color they'd ever seen. And I have to say I agree with them!The only downside is that it didn't seem to last as long as I'd hoped. I use a color depositing shampoo so I expected my results to last a tad bit longer. Either way, I'm happy dying my hair every day if that's what it takes to keep my hair this beautiful!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this color regularly for 4 years. I love it.It's a very bright carrot-y color at first, but as it fades it becomes a very natural red. I have seen many surprised reactions when I tell people that I am not a natural red head.This is the ONLY brand that I will buy an orange-y red from. It's the only brand with the vibrancy I want.TIPS:-when dying your hair red spray windex on anything you accidentally get hair dye on (it'll come off near immediately)-DO NOT wash your hair for 3-4 days after dying your hair red (it helps lock the color in)-DO NOT use shampoos with sulfate in them (they cause the color to fade extremely quickly)-depending on how much it fades and how long it's been you may have to completely redye your hair instead of touching up on it because of the color difference between when you first dye it and when it fadesGood luck!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bleached my hair to a mostly yellow, slightly orange color and then applied this product to take it to the next level, to the color I wanted my hair to be. Instead, my hair is yellow-blond. Don't get me wrong, it's a nice color, just not the one I was hoping for. For that reason, I would say it's not worth the time or money. However, I gave it 2 stars because the conditioner it comes with is FANTASTIC! It's a nice purple anti-brass conditioner that works like a miracle at toning brassiness (to some degree anyway...)and leaves your hair feeling healthy and smelling like heaven. But other than that, I'm disappointed with my result and I'm sure it's human error to some degree but I wasn't that far off and expected the tone of my hair to cool somewhat to be closer to what was on the package. Will not purchase again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My hair was already platinum and I was simply trying to get the last of the extremely faint neon-ish banana yellow out, as my toners were not doing the trick and I did not want to bleach again.  I thought for sure this would do it, as it was really only ONE LEVEL to lift and this dye promises seven.  My hair STILL came out with yellow in it.  It's a VERY THICK substance and even with my extremely short and thin hair, I think it may have worked better if I had purchased 3-4...however at that point I may as well go to a salon or just bleach it again, it'd be cheaper and end in better results.  Basically, unless you are already an extreme platinum, this dye will not make your hair the colour on the box.  Furthermore, my dark blonde roots turned out neon orange."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used the cool medium brown color and it's awful! I have medium brown hair and always use a medium ash brown color on it. That usually takes it 1-2 shades darker than my natural color. I thought Feria looked interesting because of the highlights. Well, it's trashed my hair. My roots are oddly lighter than the rest of my hair (lighter than my natural color)and the grey hairs didn't take the color AT ALL! So, now I have this weird looking hair color AND still have greys. I'll never use this hair color again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love the L'oreal Feria color line and this is proof why I do. Every color I have used by them has been wonderful! I had Honey Brown hair and wanted a change. I didn't want a black with a blue base tone or a violet base tone, I just wanted black. My hair now is very black, shiny, healthy looking, and vibrant. It is kind of messy with the application (but what hair color process isn't?) I knew what to expect though since I use Feria quite often but someone who is trying it out for the first time might be surprised. My only advice is, use a towel. Fabulous product and the results are what I wanted."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this. I used to over in over color my hair blonde from Loreal and thena toner. omy it costs alot. I tried ash blonde and got purple tones.. so one day I waslike ok try this.. I am amzed. My hair is a light diamond blonde it is gorgous.I use the loreal shimmer blonde shampoo and cond. with this and wow so pretty.The color lasts me three weeks and feels and looks great. I also use a silk drops to makeit soft. It is nice. thanks.."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't like spending a lot of money and I don't like going to get my hair done. Over the years I try to save money by buying the cheaper boxes but my hair never turns out the way I want it to. When I use Feria it comes out exactly how I want it each time. I also love that it's pretty much the only box that gives out true highlights. It's amazing. Other plus about Feria is that it comes with a lot of actual product. Meaning if you have long hair you only need to buy one box! In the end it's just better to spend a couple more dollars to make yourself look great. I've never had a problem with any Feria hair colors. I love it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I wanted a coppery orange color and i had dyed black hair so i picked this up to strip the color out (this is something i've done before with other brands with no problem) however, this formula is so crazy thick it didnt spread at all and my hair turned out so splotchy because of it. This product was not meant to be your standard bleaching kit, its for people with already light hair who want to go lighter, If your dark like me and wanted to go lighter i suggest manic panic bleaching kit or splat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I can't find this dye anywhere, firstly. Secondly. IF you're like me and you have dark, dark, brown hair, maybe you should look elsewhere. I actually came to this shade because I wanted a reddish tent to my hair.Anyway, this stuff actually shimmers, though my hair is no where near copper it is shimmering. I actually had shiny stuff all over my pillow for a week, so, just a heads up. I love the results I got. I closer to a copper chestnut than a sultry copper, but, like I said, copper was never my intention."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Don't bother! What a waste of time. On the side of the box it states what color your hair will turn out based on the color of your hair. My hair is dark brown/ black.  The turnout color would be a bright intense red, exactly what I wanted. What color did my hair come out? Dark brown/ black with a hint of red in the sunlight. Nothing like it states on the side of the box.  I pursed this product over another based on the color chart and spent extra to get it.  Won't ever buy from L'Oreal again!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used conditioning sprays by dove, loreal (costs $9 a bottle!) and frizz ease. This stuff is by far the best and only $3 a bottle at the store. I haven't gotten my hair cut since FEB and it is now NOV and I dont' have any split ends. I use it on my son too because he gets \"crib head\" or whatever it is called where their hair is all nappy in the back from how they lay on it, even though he is 2. This is the best priced and best working spray. I use sulfate free shampoo, skip the conditioner and just use this. I have naturally curly hair if that makes a difference, it is a tiny bit coarse, it isn't thick or thin. This stuff doesn't weigh my hair down either or make it oily, I still only wash my hair every other day."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this for years, and it's a must-have for helping to keep my heap of curls controlled and conditioned. I use a little every night after I shower and occasionally in the morning, and it really helps to keep my curly hair from tangling and the ends from splitting/frizzing. It also has a pleasant, light scent, and it's a good deal price-wise compared to other leave-in conditioners (many of which I've tried and not been nearly as impressed with).The only drawback is that I have very thick hair and thus go through a bottle of this in a month -- I wish it went a little further. Still, for the price it's hard to beat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have not been able to find this conditioner anywhere until I spotted it on Amazon. Because it's a spray mist, it's much easier to control where and how much I want to apply, which I like because my hair is fine and most bottled conditioners weigh it down, even after ample rinsing.  This spray also enhances the highlights in my hair - I don't know why since it's not meant to do that, but I don't mind. The scent is wonderful and light. I purchased a 3/pk for about $11 with free Prime shipping so for now, I'm a happy camper!  Thanks again Amazon....."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Never tried this brand before, I have super damaged hair from recently going from red to pink to platinum to black, this helps as a detangler,  though I don't think is actually doing anything to long term improve my damaged hair (I don't think any product would though). What I like most is it doesn't make my hair oily or greasy and I can still go 2 days between washings without getting the greasy look a lot of leave in products have over time. I give 3 stars because I'm just not wowed, still looking for something that will actually help repair my hair. As just a detangler it would be a 5 though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm becoming obsessed with hair products so now I always like to have something in my hair even when I'm not styling it. I love this product because it's a spray, and it's quick to use. It doesn't leave my hands sticky, and I can put it in my hair as soon as I get out of the shower. I use it before I use other hair products too. Plus, it smells really good!I mostly love it because it's a spray and not a cream. It's cheap, and I will definitely be buying this again when I run out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "this review does not address how well the product works or not because I only tried this out one day as a stand alone for the follwoing reasons:The scent of this is reminds me of the beach, sunscreen, or a tanning bed.  Since I don't live/work near a beach or have a need to wear sunscreen all day or smell like coconut I choose not to use this daily by itself.On to condition weight:  it's a light condition the doesn't weigh your hair down or make it appear oily in any way. On the negative I have very prone to frizzy hair and this doesn't help with that at all.Because I can't just use this product by itself due to the reason above, I will not review this any further."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product smells great. It has a coconut/beachy/light smell that fades so it is not overpowering at all. I wash my hair with shampoo and conditioner, then spray it on my dry hair and comb thru. It leaves my hair super soft and smooth. I even used it a day after washing my hair when I woke in the morning to smooth out bed head. It does not leave your hair greasy or weighed down at all. Not sure how that is possible but I love it. I have atomic pink hair and it does not fade my color."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this leave-in conditioner and it's so hard to find! Glad to get it in an &#34;add-on&#34; deal. I'm a lap swimmer and have colored and highlighted hair but don't like wearing swim caps. Instead, I wet my hair and spritz this into it, so my hair is saturated and the chlorinated water rolls off. At least, I'm hoping that's what happens! My hair stylist suggested I do this and my color seems to last as long as it should."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I ADORE this leave-in conditioner! It smells nice, it works great, and it doesn't leave a nasty feeling residue in my hair! I have very curly hair, and live in a humid climate. This stuff was GREAT for humid days. I use it EVERY day after showering, before I put in any other products, and it helps keep my hair from damage due to styling products. If I use just the conditioner, it leaves my hair soft and less frizzy. It's WONDERFUL stuff, and Amazon has a GREAT price!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have relied on Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo for many years for its ability to clean my hair and slightly oily scalp at a reasonable price.  It was an excellent alternative to theNeutrogena Anti-Residue Formula Shampoo.The last time I purchased this, I noticed that it was in a fancy new bottle and was tinted pale blue rather than being colorless.  When I got home, I was dismayed to find that Suave has also added a vaguely floral and unfortunately artificial chemical perfume to the formulation that irritates my eyes and sinuses and gives me a headache.I can no longer use this product.  I certainly hope that Suave will reconsider this change and go back to the original, almost-odorless formula."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Granted, it is the industrial ingredient standard, but What Suave has done for the knockoff is what Armani has done for the couture industry. Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo (comes in clear-Blue or clear-White)washes away the daily grime of product use and can also be used to treat swimmer's hair in a pinch. For just under $2.00 it is a real gem, and if I wasn't such a die-hard Aubrey Organics fan, I'd use it every shampoo... Like I said, it's a real keeper (and great for all hair types) !  A+/A-"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This shampoo does not smell like strawberry. It smells like Jolly Rancher or Starburst strawberry flavored candy. Perhaps a bit like Marie Callender's frozen strawberry pie.  It is sweet and artificial, but not too strong. Nevertheless, I love it. It takes me back to junior high almost instantly  (when I was 12, I purchased any personal care product based on the way it smelled...bonus points for fruity). It lathers well and removes any conditioner product you might have used the prior day/week/year. If you have dry hair and are looking for conditioning shampoo, look elsewhere. This is a shampoo for stripping your hair of excess product. It is not organic, it is not eco-friendly, and it is not really natural. I use it when I need to clarify my hair (and take a nostalgic return to 9th grade)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I got this shampoo hoping that it would help my dried out winter hair. Well, it made it worse! I looked like Broomhilda afterwards; it stripped my hair of anything that it had left and I looked as if I'd stuck my finger in an electrical socket wet. I don't recommend it at all if you have dry hair. If your hair is oily, then I think this would be fine. It sure smells nice and clean though! Save your money for a professional brand - they definitely overshot the marketing on these!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After reading all the reviews on this face powder I was a bit let down.  I have been using it for about a week now and it does not to seem to control the shine any better than all the other face powders I have tried.  I put my makeup on around 7:30 and around 9 am the shine is already coming through on my T-zone.  If I apply it every hour I suppose it would keep the shine down but the whole purpose was something I did not have to keep applying.  Also I got Golden and it is a bit light.  It is a nice feeling powder and I do like the case and the puff unfortunately it does not control the shine like I hoped."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This powder really does what it says, controls shine! I have relatively shiny skin, especially in my T-zone, so I have to dab it on there & it takes the shine right out. I don't have to continually re-apply, which I usually find myself doing with other shine free powders I've tried. My typical coloring is nude beige & this soft cameo matched my complexion perfectly. I will say that I am using L'Oreal Paris Magic Nude Liquid Powder Bare Skin Perfecting Makeup & they work perfectly together. I don't have to use much of either."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this stuff for years. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT ! It sets my foundation great.. & is even great without foundation & still has great coverage! I also use it for touch ups.. A LOT! It lasts quite awhile & doesn't feel heavy or cakey at all. I definitely recommend for someone who is looking for something that is JUST as good as high end powders! The only downside is the powder puff it comes with falls apart VERY easily. I bought my last compact just 3 weeks ago & its completely falling apart! But it's an easy fix because I just use my blush brush to apply it for touch ups. Just wish it came with a better quality puff. It's worth it though for the LOW PRICE! I just recommend tossing the puff & buying a better quality one that can be washed over & over or simply by using a powder/blush brush. Other than that I love this stuff!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This powder has a wonderful, fine, silky consistency and a pleasant smell that doesn't linger. It goes on smoothly with the included puff and controls shine for a long time--maybe not all day, but for several hours, at least. I have mostly normal/combination skin, with a forehead that can get oily and cheeks that tend toward dryness; this controlled shine all over without making any part of my face dry or itchy. It didn't reveal flaky patches or make the thin skin under my eyes look wrinkly. It's difficult to evaluate the finish because it doesn't really match my skin tone. I would expect a powder that only comes in light or medium to be more neutral, but this has a noticeable yellow tone."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best bang for your buck when it comes to inexpensive mascaras. It definitely gives lashes dramatic volume but in a way that draws attention to your eyes and not your makeup. It doesn't clump at all, and it only flakes if you really start rubbing your eyes. My only complaint with this product is that it is very difficult to remove...but it's a waterproof mascara. It's supposed to be long lasting! When I shower and wash my face each night it will not budge. It doesn't bother me, but if you are someone who must remove every speck before bedtime, this is not for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best bang for your buck when it comes to inexpensive mascaras. It definitely gives lashes dramatic volume but in a way that draws attention to your eyes and not your makeup. It doesn't clump at all, and it only flakes if you really start rubbing your eyes. My only complaint with this product is that it is very difficult to remove...but it's a waterproof mascara. It's supposed to be long lasting! When I shower and wash my face each night it will not budge. It doesn't bother me, but if you are someone who must remove every speck before bedtime, this is not for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Lies lies lies. I shouldn't have believed these positive reviews!! This is like mascara from early 90s or something, just black stain on your lashes, that put your lashes TOGETHER and clump. Oh yes it's waterproof so it gets a one star, thats the only good thing about it....it definitely isn't pretty!!!! And NO IT DOES NOT ADD ANY VOLUME. Wasted my money thank u very much! Sigh. I want my money backkkkkkkkkk!! Grrrrrrrr and I bought this for my wedding!!! D:&lt;I should've gotten l'oreal voluminous waterproof mascara instead......"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I guess the coverage is ok, but I don't like the texture.  It doesn't feel creamy and glide on like I want it to.  It has a dry feel to it during application, but your skin doesn't look dry after you apply it.  As I'm applying it, it dries up too quickly, and then I have to get more from the bottle.  A little does not go a long way and I have to really rub to get it on.  It also looks streaky after I'm done.  It's hard to explain, but I just don't like it.  I prefer cover girl."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am always searching for a foundation suited for my olive skintone. This color was perfect in caramel beige and for my type of skin , Dry with oily t zone. I was so shock to find a foundation which covers minimizes my  discoloration on my cheeks and makes my skin look so much better. I was so happy ordered several more for not to run out. Thank you Amazon for carrying this product.The product is medium coverage , applied it in sections and don't need that much, this gives a better coverage to your face. Please use a light hand on application. I notice some women like to rub in their foundation like lotion. A big no , no.Thank you ,Native Rose"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've has this lipstick for such a long time, and you cant find it in stores anymore :(. I don't use this by itself, I use it for a perfect ombre lip. I take any lip liner and outline my lips, and hen fill in the sides. Then I take this lipstick and put it on the center of my pout. Then I smush them together, and I have a nicely faded ombre lip. I get compliments every time. I have found that my ombre lip works BESTEST ;) with this lipstick. I've tried it with mac ones and its never as good! This lipstick is a staple in  my collection. Very quick shipping !"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently bought two gorgeous colors of Revlon lipstick: Fabulous Fig and Highbeam Tan. I was pleased to discover that the Fabulous Fig rates surprisingly safe on the EWG Skindeep site, but the Highbeam Tan has a poor score and is full of parabens and other junk. It's too bad, because Highbeam Tan is such a fantastic color. I wish companies like Revlon would clean up the ingredients in their products. It isn't that hard, or that expensive, to make lipstick that contains safer ingredients. The Fabulous Fig vs. the Highbeam Tan is a perfect example of this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this for my mom who loves the color. She wants me to get a couple more because she's wants backups.I tried it several times and I would say the formula is VERY good for a lipstick at this price point. It doesn't last amazingly long and isn't as AMAZING as some of the more expensive lipsticks I own (Estee Lauder, Mac). But the difference in price is HUGE. And if you're okay with several touch ups in the day, it makes a good every day lipstick."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have some dry patches no moisturizer seemed to be able to control over the course of a day.  I know this is a night cream, however, I've been using it in the day mixed in with my sunblock and it lasts all day.  I haven't seen those dry patches in the last month or so since I started using it.  I don't know about wrinkle control just yet but I does work very well for me as a moisturizer.  It does have a scent to it, I don't consider it offensive but I grew up in a time when most beauty products had some scent to them some more than others so I don't mind it.  It doesn't linger."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I read the rave reviews about using it for years through many generations and the benefits of using it. I am in my early 50's so I wanted to get rid of forehead wrinkles and facial lines. I think I got better results in Ponds. This rich cream may need to sit on the face at night but I don't do night creams-messy. It seems it blends in nicely with a little moderate rubbing but I just didn't notice much difference in my apperance. It's just ok with me not bad and not great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried almost every conditioner on the market and found that most are too rich and weigh my hair down or they don't moisturize enough and left a rat's nest out of my hair.  Of course the superexpensive (Fekkai) ones work great but I get tired of paying that much money all the time. I was very pleasantly surprised that this conditioner worked PERFECT. My hair felt conditioned but it was not weighed down and it had some body. This has a very light, pleasant scent. I highly recommend this to anyone just to try and see and at this price its not an investment."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This soap is AWESOME! I first found it at a discount store and the single bar lasted 8 months. I wash my face with it twice per day. Olive oil is the perfect for any skin type. Its nature's perfect moisturizer. The bar itself is extremely large so that it will not fit in a normal soap container. I was tempted to buy two just in case but its so large I will have it for awhile. Now that I think about it, I will buy more at the current price. You never know when it might go up in price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I feel the need to write a review of this product mainly because of all the reviews saying its caustic.First let me say I am a soap maker and run a very successful business making cold process soap. Sometimes I don't get a batch made for myself and I have to buy some,so this was convenient and I bought it even after reading some of the terrible reviews. I have several means of testing soap for caustics I used every single one on this bar before using it on my skin,this soap is in NO way caustic! It's a pretty nice basic soap, a large bar, and came at a good price.When I neglect to have soap made for personal use I will definately purchase this product again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've bought this before at the drugstore and used it until it was gone.  The smell is light, the formula is light; it was just a good option for using a dab to stay hydrated without feeling greasy.Problem is, either they changed the formula or I got a bad batch.  Now, even if I apply the thinnest layer to my face, using a dot smaller than the size of a pencil eraser, I get this weird greasy feeling all over.  Shortly after that is what I call \"the water stage,\" where as if by magic, my entire face seems to have a fine sheen of water just sitting right on top.  I seriously have to go pat dry with a towel, because it looks like I've worked up a sincere sweat.  I don't know what's wrong with this product, and I'm holding onto it to try in the dry winter months, but I'm not optimistic.  At this point, I would not order it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Love the smell and texture of this creme, a very small amount goes a very very long way. The smell is simply clean and makes you feel good, and I am very sensitive towards fragrances in lotions especially on my face.I did try this out under my make up, when i wear my Mac Studio Fix, I prefer to use Mac's prep and prime , as with only the moisturizer it seems to make my make up just a bit uneven, not badly, but i saw a bit of a difference.Might try it under the Prep and Prime as I am not sure if the Prep and Prime will give my dry prone face enough moisture.But i do love using this moisturizer to use with my cinema secrets creme foundation pallet, (must try ladies, and amazing beauty product)Overall I love the creme, will definitely re order, and for my break out sensitive prone skin, no issue either. Definitely recommend"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've only been using the product for a week morning and night and can say that it works for its intended purpose that I got it for. Within two days I saw drastically reduced puffiness and after four the dark circles were diminished enough that I felt okay without makeup to cover my severe dark circles.Granted, they are still there a little, but it has only been a week. All in all, I say it works pretty well considering I didn't really have high expectations at all. I'll wait and see if it holds up over time.I don't have any wrinkles around my eyes yet so I can't speak for that part, but maybe it'll help keep them away."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this for a few months now and this just moisturizes. For reference, I have normal, slightly oily lids. My eye area is incredibly sensitive to retinol. I have really dark circles, mostly due to genetics.Pros:-my skin has not reacted negatively to this product-first ingredient is water, making this a good starter moisturizer for beginners-does not sting or bother my eyes much if I accidentally get some in-affordableCons:-does not get rid of dark circles. There is white shimmer in this gel, which will reflect light making it seem like your dark circles are lighter.-does not get rid/fill in fine lines.-dries tacky. I've varied the amount I put on and there's still a tacky residue through out the day. Might be good for those who use makeup.Although I wouldn't buy this again, I would definitely recommend this product to those just starting out with eye creams. Also, this seems like it will last me a long time. I do use this twice a day."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was so hopeful about these. I wanted an alternative to tampons that was healthy and environmentally-friendly (and cheaper!) So I was excited to try them. But it wasn't at all what I was expecting. I don't want to get into vivid details. But basically, I was not warned that this would be such a MESSY ordeal. Not to mention it's not at all convenient. I do not want to leave it in for too long, because if I do, I know it's not absorbing any fluid, so I worry about leakage, or the horrible mess that it will make all over my hands when I try to take it out. GROSS! Also, the thing itself is absolutely huge. I imagine most people would look at it and be terrified to try to put it in their bodies. I believe there was a reason tampons became so much more popular than these methods. Sorry, but I've got to switch back."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm prone to yeast infections, so I try to avoid tampons, which can be irritating.  I've tried two different brands of menstrual cups, both of which were a challenge to remove!  With Softcup, they're super easy to insert and remove.  And while they're not reusable like menstrual cups, they hold just as much and, frankly, I don't want to bother having to wash one.  The fact that they're disposable make them really convenient.  Once they're in, I can't feel them at all, and they don't press on my urethra like menstrual cups do, so it's no problem to pee with them in.  I've worn these on an off for years and have never had any problems with leaking either."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this cleanser since my late teens. It is one of the best OTC acne medicines available, and slightly cheaper than other drugstore cleansers like Neutrogena. When used twice a day, the Clean and Clear greatly reduces the number of pimples I get. Also, it contains menthol, so it feels pleasantly tingly on skin (but do not get it into your eyes; it burns like the flames of he11!). There are only two drawbacks to this product: 1) It will dry out your skin, so wear a lotion and 2) The active ingredient, benzoyl peroxide, is a bleaching agent, so it will bleach fabric. I recommend using old wash cloths to wash your face and be very careful not to get it on your clothes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this for about 6 months. Before I had been using Proactive. Proactive worked great for me for a while but eventually stopped clearing up my skin so I switched to Clean and Clear Continuous Control. My skin cleared right up and stays clear other than whiteheads. The only problem is that it's a little harsh on my skin. Usually irritates it if I leave it on but for a second. It also dries out my skin a lot. So I use it every other day. I get a couple pimples by using it every other day but it is still better than Proactive and AcneFree."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I dug this stuff out from under my cabinet...I had vowed never to use Clean and Clear again after my disaster breakout with the blackhead cleanser. But since this had no beads to irritate my skin, I decided to give it a try and it really worked!! 2 days after putting it on once or twice daily, I could see breakouts that were starting to come had faded, and my blackheads were actually disappearing from my nose! There's a little bit of a stingy feeling, and if you get it in your eyes it hurts like a bitch, and your face is pretty red afterward, I'm assuming from the chemical contents. But it makes your skin smooth as a baby's bottom if you use it everyday, so your skin has a daily regimen and can fight breakouts. I highly recommend and will be back to buy more&lt;3 I'm a 15 year old girl if that helps."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I will admit -- I do feel this product was helping reduce my acne. However, I developed a really nasty yeast infection about two weeks in (sorry to be gross but want to give an honest review) and I also noticed a weird stinging sensation in my lower abdomen. I did some online searching and noticed some people say they develop gastro issues with this product. I didn't add anything else new to my routine and haven't had a yeast infection in years. May be totally un-related but once I stopped the product, my stomach issues stopped. I think this is a good product, but for me, the side effects were not worth it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's whatever.Been using the whole month but see no difference, maybe it's just me?Anyways, it shouldn't take more than 2 weeks to clear up your acne and maybe 2 months to completely rid of the scars. The pills didn't do much as far as I can see, but the cream helped a bit. But you have to mix it with moisturizer or you get SO DRY!And don't even think about putting make-up on over it because you'll get cakey as as a burnt biscuit.idk, guess some ppl had success? It's cheap so you have a 50-50 chance of it working, it may be worth a shot. but didn't work for me =/"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I tried this a few years ago as a teenager, when I had some acne.  It was nothing horrible, just a few pimples here and there.  I saw this at the store and gave it a try, did everything I was supposed to and the pores under my eyes increased in size.  I had larger pores after using this product and it took me a while to reduce their size.  I didn't have much acne to begin with and this did seem to help, but the increased pores were a negative."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I tried this product for 2 months and i have to say it didnt do anything for my acne. I am the type that breaks out when my period is about to start and using this pill didn't change a thing. I broke out just as i normally would and this last month even while using the pill was nearly the worst i've had. I'm sure must just be a coincidence. I am not saying this is not a good product as we have to keep in mind one thing can't and won't work for everyone as we all have different skin types. This just isn't for me and i have discontinued using this product and cannot really recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this toner every night after I wash my face.  I've been using it for several months now and I see such a difference in my skin.  My pores look smaller and my skin even looks a little less red!  My skin is clearer and just looks brighter. My skin is more on the dry side and I don't find this toner drying at all.  I always moisturize after the toner had completely soaked into my skin and it's worked well for me.  My skin is also on the sensitive side and this hasn't irritated my skin at all.  As soon as I run out, I will purchase this product again, because I love it so much!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this after reading reviews on multiple sites and seeing this toner ranked as one of the best when it comes to drug store brands.I've been using this every night for three weeks (I've skipped it by accident roughly 4 times) and my skin is noticeably clearer. Within a few days I noticed some of my trouble areas looked better and while the clearing process has been slow its noticeable and the progress steady. I also haven't seen a \"new\" blemish since adding this to my regimen.It hasn't done much for blackheads so a few days ago I purchased an exfoliant to address that issue around my nose.Overall I am very happy and will likely repurchase this when it runs out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this approximately every other day due to the drying it causes but after a week or so, my pores were visibly reduced, not gone just not as noticeable. Just a splash on a cotton square and I go in upwards motions after my morning face wash and before I moisturize. I will continue to use but will not use everyday as my skin is prone to dryness. It worked in all areas of my face, my nose and forehead were most noticeable to me and now they are much smaller. Recommend to anyone looking for an easy way to reduce size of large pores."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My skin is pretty oily and the pores are larger than I'd like. After using this cleanser for 3 months or so, I do notice a difference.Texture was what I picked up on the first time I used it. It is pretty thick, and the beads are definitely micro. It didn't feel real grainy, which I liked. A little goes a long way, and since this tube is so big it should last a while. I haven't even used a quarter of mine yet.I use this along with Origins Zero Oil Moisturizer and Origins Clear Improvements Charcoal Mask. I found them to be pretty effective at making my pores look smaller, cleaner and less overall oil production. It has a really good price point. Many a department store cleansers can cost 3-4X as much.It does work over time, so don't expect to see much difference in the beginning. I will buy it again and continue my routine. I've seen good improvement in the last few months."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have oily, acne-prone skin that is also sensitive and prone to redness when trying new products. Since Neutrogena's whole advertising campaign from pretty much day one has been all about how gentle their products are, I decided to try this stuff. Well... my face didn't like it. I used it nightly for 3 days, and on day 4 noticed red, dry patches on my face. By day 5 the patches began to flake, and I stopped using it.Since I didn't use this toner long enough to see whether it made a difference in my pore size, I can't speak as to its effectiveness. But if you're like me and have tried many acne products on your face, and have developed sensitive skin as a result, this is not the product for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am prone to breakouts and have tried Proactiv - which does work but it is too expensive for me to keep using, especially since my problem is hormonal/occasional. This product fits my needs perfectly. Whenever I see or feel a pimple coming on, I just take a Q-tip immersed in this astringent and clean that area - and that area only. I try not to wipe my whole face with it because it is drying. Last month my whole upper chest/neck area broke out for some reason. That was when I diligently wiped that area 2x a day, morning & night. Took care of the problem immediately."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is an excellent astringent, I had my doubts with products touting  \"oil eliminating\", \"oil free\" as they never seemed to work. This product does exactly what it's supposed to. The smell is similar to theNeutrogena Clear Pore Scruband it does not burn like some astringents do. I follow this with theNeutrogena Visibly Even Daily Moisturizer, SPF 30in the morning. I consider this product my \"holy grail\" in my skin care regimen. I kills the bacteria without killing my skin cells. It's an excellent product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use Neutrogena Body Clear in lieu of other shower gel or soap rather than in combination with it. One thing I like about it is it takes much less of this scrub to be as effective as larger quantities some other body washes I've used - one bottle lasts several months for me. It is also much harder to squeeze out of the bottle. Once you get down to the end of the bottle, you have to pry off the cap to get it out - not exactly convenient. The odor is a little bit too sterile for my tastes, but it seems effective as an exfoliator and leaves me feeling clean. While it hasn't really combatted my minor body acne/KP that I can tell, it has kept it under control. I haven't found anything better in effectiveness or bang-for-buck in terms of shower gel or bar soap. I recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this product for several years, and I love it. It smalles wonderful, it rinses clean, unlike some other body washes that I've used that leave residue. It's also not too drying, which is good, because my skin dries out really easily.During the summer, though, I tend to get blemishes on my shoulders and chest, and I've switched to the Neutrogena Body Scrub, which I find deals with acne a little better. It comes in an identical bottle to this, and has some exfoliating beads in it as well. If you don't have to wory about bodily acne, this is a great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this wash for years since I have sensitive skins and my back breaks out bad.  I use to use the regular wash but when the grapefruit scent came out, I've been hooked.  I love the fresh scent of grapefruit which is a great smell to help wake you up in the shower in the morning.  Also, as I've been using Neutrogena since I was a teenager (like 15 years now)...I am a huge fan of this wash and works great!  I rarely break out and I attribute it to Neutrogena.  The price on Amazon is comparatively priced to my local box stores but I have Prime so it's a nice now to able to buy and have shipped directly to my house without having to make a special trip to the boxed stores.  Thanks Amazon!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very acne prone skin, so I thought if I used this it would help my skin.  Maybe it has and my skin would be much worse without it.  But, I use this everyday and I still have a decent amount of acne.  Maybe it is stress?  I don't know.  I use it on a loofa puff.  Maybe if you use it on a washcloth it would be better?  I don't know.  I usually have really good luck with Neutrogena items, so I am giving this three stars, assuming it will work better for other skin.  Plus I am 40, and my hormones are much different than a teenager that might be the target group for this item."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I ordered this because I needed a face moisturizer for nighttime wear.  I have had great success with Ester C creams - I am not old enough to have any severe wrinkles but it seems to be stopping what little creasing I had starting in its tracks.This cream is heavy and smells good.  I mixed some argan oil into it for an extra boost.  So far, my face feels very good after using this and I'm glad it comes in a very generous container for the price.  I would definitely recommend trying it, especially if you've been using stuff from a drugstore or supermarket - it's definitely nicer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I typically use Burt's Bees shampoo and love what it does for my hair, but not for my scalp (dry and itchy). I purchased this shampoo to use on occasion to prevent the itchy scalp it seems to cause. Plus, I love the refreshing tingle of tea tree shampoos.Let me just say, I honestly felt like I was being dipped for fleas the first time I used this product. It has a horrible chemical odor...EXACTLY like pesticide. I tried a few more times to stomach it, but just can't do it. Plus, you would think it would at least tingle a bit, with it smelling like Raid and all, but nope; NADA.Also, if you are looking for a shampoo that is organic with no SLS...READ THE LABEL! This product is not what it is marketed to be."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My husband and I both use this shampoo - he for light dandruff control, and me just because I like the way it cleans my fine hair.  It is paraben-free, and does not contain sodium lauryl/laureth sulfates.  The scent is not as refreshing as the scent of Jason Natural Cosmetics - Satin Shower Body Wash/Tea Tree Oil 30 fl oz Gel, which is a fabulous body wash, but it is not a bad scent.  You do need to watch that it doesn't get in your eyes, since tea tree oil can sting a bit."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After trying this product once, my husband noticed a difference in how his hair turned out after styling. He told me to buy this product again and now it is a favorite.This product is guaranteed to add at least 10% fullness to your hair after the first application.It has mild botanical cleansing agents and fruit acids. It not only cleanses your hair, it helps to purify your scalp. Polysorbates free your scalp of excess cellular debris which can block hair follicles.He doesn't use the conditioner, but I love usingit with this product.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Not really smelling anything but \"Baby Powder\" when using this, but I love Baby Powder smell, so this is not a issue for me. I give it a 4 star rating due to the miss-leading name. I do love this Body Wash, it lathers really well when used with a scrunchy, but not with a wash cloth what so ever.The bottle size is impressive and can easily leave a family of 4 1 to 1.5 months. I feel like my skin is already starting to appreciate the \"All Natural\" effect of this product. I will order this again, but in a different scent to try.The texture is very creamy & you do not need a lot & it has the added bonus of the pump & the kids really think that is the coolest thing ever (4 & 5 yrs old)Definetly would recommend this product or any of Jason's Products to anyone looking for healthier skin/hair (yes they make shampoo & conditioner)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My grandson was visiting recently, he has such bad eczema, I was desperate!! I had this soap for awhile, and thoughtit couldn't hurt to try. I'm so glad I did, he wasn't scratching/itching or crying( he's 18 months). I was DESPERATE, toget him some relief, I can't say enough GOOD things about this soap. Except left no residue, no itching afterwards andthe biggest reward: he slept through the night! God bless your soap! I will DEFINITELY be reordering!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "In the past I've purchased a ton of LUSH beauty products because they make them with lots of essential oils. What I've realized is that I can make some scented liquid soaps myself by using essential oils and this Jason's Body Wash. Simply put a combination of oils in a small plastic bottle and add in some body wash. Shake and use. Some of my favorite combinations are sweet orange, neroli and rose. I've also tried Ylang Ylang, Patchouli, Lotus and Sandalwood. I'm looking forward to trying out new combinations as I have a big collection of essential oils. I also like Balsam Fir Needle which is refreshing. I find the body wash works well with a body brush.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My first tube of retinol was purchased on Amazon and it was made by another company. I was not really experienced with using retinol but that product didn't really impress me. I decided due to financial reasons to change my skin care routine to something more affordable and I chose the Alpha Hydrox line. I'm happy with their line of products and the ResQ is so much better than what I was previously using. I do recommend this product as I have noticed a positive difference in my skin. Its smoother and softer now and I will continue to purchase and use the ResQ creme."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am 24 years old and was using this at night and lightly in the morning. I don't have any wrinkles or fine lines and was just using this for prevention. I loved the consistency and the fact that it has no smell. It helped to clear up some dry patches I had in the winter around my eyes and didn't break me out on the parts of my face near my eye area where this product touched. However, I had to discontinue use because I noticed that my vision was becoming blurred. I could still see, but I felt like I had a film over my eye that I couldn't get to clear. Once discontinuing, the problem went away. It is unfortunate because I really did like using this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The first time I used Avalon's Vitamin C eye cream, my eyes began to sting so badly that I was uncomfortable for 24 hours.  I thought that maybe I had used too much, so I tried again several days later with only a tiny amount, being careful to keep it away from my lashes.  My eyes still became uncomfortable. This is the exact opposite of what an eye cream should do.  The whole point of eye cream is to be thick enough not to melt and get into your eyes and, if it does, it should not sting. That's why eye cream is different than face cream. This one fails. I won't be using it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm only 5 months pregnant but I have no stretchmarks (so far), no itchy belly, and it's kept dryness to a minimum in this cold weather. I use it once a day after the shower, all over. I've been using it since I was 3 months pregnant. I took off one star because it's a big oilier than I'd like, but I did try another (more expensive, lighter oil, mamma mio) product and I started seeing dryness, so I switched back to this Mother's Special Blend. The initial smell is nice (chocolately!) but it goes away in a few minutes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have a condition which makes my arms itch intensly and nothing, I mean nothing has worked. Finally, I have found something that helps! This lotion really does the trick as it has Calamine (3%) and Pramoxine HCl (1%) in it which seems to be the key.  The calamine lotion does make the application appear a bit pink but rubbing it in well disguises this and helps the lotion work even better.  I would recommend this for all itching, but if you have itching that nothing has helped, give this a try. It's not greasy and works like a charm."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this mascara for years and it never disappoints. Adds lots of length and volume to my lashes. The first couple applications from a brand new tube are pretty thin and light, but it will thicken and give you the desired results thereafter. I used to go through these tubes so quickly because they would dry out pretty fast... until a trick I learned: if your tube starts drying out, extend its life by adding 2 drops of contact solution/eye drops to the tube. It will instantly rehydrate it for continued use. I've been using the same tube for 10 months now by doing this! :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this based on the good reviews I read, and had confidence that it would live up to them. It didn't. This mascara smudges and smears very easily. It's allergy season, so my eyes tear a little... but just from that it streaked under my eyes! Other mascaras don't do this at all. The mascara goes on nicely and separates your lashes well, but I can't give it a three-star rating because I can't use it and had to throw it in the trash."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried tons of mascara, yet I always come back to this one.  This mascara is amazing.  I almost NEVER get clumps, the brush is PERFECT so I never end up with thickly caked lashes and the mascara is thick enough to coat each lash and not coat groups of lashes in to one bulky mess.  I just love it!  I just wish Amazon carried more of the brownish shades of this mascara... I would highly recommend this mascara to anyone.  I've been using it for about 15 years now and have never found a decent alternative."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Why haven't I been singing the praises of this little beauty of a mascara?!  I get courted away by $30+ mascaras that flake or never wash off!  Even the drugstore brands lured me away with their fancy brushes and promises of butterfly lashes.  No more!  This stuff doesn't flake, is inky and black, but can be removed w gentle soap and water.  My lashes actually feel conditioned after using this for a few days.  Do yourself a favor and buy this!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This has to be one of the best mascaras I have ever tried (and I've tried many!).  My lashes are both thin and short, and I've found that this mascara adds plenty of fullness AND a bit of length, too.  Plus, there are absolutely NO CLUMPS when I use this mascara; the unique brush deposits just the right amount of product on my lashes, unlike other products that claim to be \"clump-free.\"  I've tried both the regular and the waterproof versions of this mascara; I prefer the latter, as it stays on great yet washes off easily.  The only thing that I think could make this product better would be a curling brush to give the lashes a bit more lift.  Although Full 'N Soft isn't a dramatic mascara, it is perfect for everyday wear, and I would recommend highly to anyone."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As far as drugstore mascaras go, I have loved Full N Soft for years. Drugstore mascara is inexpensive, so I have often experimented with other brands/formulas - Maybelline, Revlon, L'Oreal, etc., but Full N Soft is the one I come back to. It is great in a single coat and also builds well. If building, I recommend using a clean mascara brush to separate between coats. If during the day your lashes get bent (this happens to me with sun and prescription glasses), use your finger to apply pressure and curve lashes back in place. The flexible formula will re-mold. No flakes, no mess.The brownish-black is natural and minky-coloured. The super black is dramatically black!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "it doesn't wear well under make-up. It's just a little oily. Other than that...I love this product. I use it mainly on my neck and chest (and on my face on my days off) and it has evened out my skin tone and faded my sun-spots ALOT. Especially on my chest...HUGE difference from a few years ago! It really is a great All-in-One Product- I've been using it for years and haven't found a better one yet. I'll keep on buying it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This cream feels great and feels like it absorbs well. Unfortunately, it also seems to be slightly pore clogging since it causes small white heads.I also the had the tinted version of this cream and was not satisfied with it at all. It was too thick and did not spread well. The &#34;tint&#34; was more heavily colored than some of the foundations I have used in the past AND it just seemed to sit on top of the skin. As a result, the color would rub off in spot and look blotchy. In other words, it was terrible. This one is MUCH better, but it still doesn't cut it, really.If you want an AMAZING cream, see my review of the L'Oreal Ideal Moisture Even Tone cream. I really love it. http://www.amazon.com/review/R1P4OWBH1VSBUF/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00AYWN8OY"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried more expensive lotions and creams on my face, but I really love this one. It leaves my face feeling and looking very soft. I also love the way you just pump the top and the moisturizer comes out....you don't have to dip your fingers in a jar or touch what's left in it. All creams and lotions and such should be this way...I hate having to dig out cream in a jar with my fingers not knowing if I've left any germs in the remaining cream. I recommend this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "this is one of my tried and true beauty products; it never fails me. The other night, after using a different (and much more expensive) cream for over a month, I reverted back to using this, and my gosh, I fell in love all over again! I highly recommend this product. It's rich and gives the right amount of moisture without a greasy feel or look. Due to it not having SPF, I use this at night, and use a BB cream during the day."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Can't stand perfume and its in everything. ( Perfumed toilet paper is just strange!) This is great for me,doesn't take forever to be absorbed. I have it on auto ship. Sent to me every other month cause I have my husband use it too. He's had a lot of skin cancer on his face and this spf 15 is just enough for regular daily use. I use this in the morning and a heavier one at night. The dermatologist says my 65 year old skin looks great even with her magnifying glass. Lets keep it that way!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I hate it when my moisturizer slithers of my face like an oil slick, or is so thick you almost have to add water to spread it onto your face. Just one pump of this covers my face, neck and d&eacute;collet&eacute;. Makeup application is smooth, and seems to stay put longer than usual when I use this. I haven't noticed any major changes in the appearance of my fine lines, etcBut I do like he way my skin feels when I use this.  I'd order it again for sure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I first bought this Olay moisturizer cream because it's unscented.  (Hurrah, if I want perfume, I prefer what I use!)  I've been very happy with it ever since. It's not messy, is easy to apply and has sunscreen in it.  If you wear make-up it'll go over the moisturizer with no problem. The anti-aging must work as I get a lot of comments that I don't look my age! (85) I don't wear make-up except for eyes and mouth, so what people see is what's there, wrinkles and all.Recommend highly."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am almost 33 but people says i look 20 something... They also thought I am still single but I told them I even have a 2 year old daughter! I used this product for 4 years already and until now I am amazed by how it works in my skin. It became smoother, tight and pore less. I love this with spf 15, not only it hydrates the skin but protects as well. This is really my beauty secret for looking young... I eat food so much, drink soda more than water but my skin still radiates plus the help of vitamins i take...So i really thank  olay total effects so much!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried many different brands of moisturizer for my very sensitive skin and found this to be completely non-irritating and it moisturizes well. I don't know what \"anti-aging\" means. I wouldn't say that I look any younger as a result of using it. I like that the same amount comes out each time with one press on the pump--it helps prevent accidentally squirting out too much. And I sure wouldn't want to do that because this stuff costs a whole lot per ounce for those of us on a limited budget. The best deal around is to buy a two-pack on Amazon. That cost will beat a retail purchase by several dollars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't know why they call this &#34;Plus Touch of Sun&#34; as I took that to mean it had self-tanner or bronzer in it - but it does nothing really for color. It's not a bad moisturizer at all- I just haven't found the 'touch of sun' in it. This may be because I tan easily and there isn't enough of a &#34;touch of Sun&#34;. In other words I find this no better than other moisturizers which don't promise as much as this one does but I still like it"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product is amazing. I am 33 years old with combination skin and have always struggled with breakouts. I was looking for something that would prevent aging and reduce the impact of smoking on my skin without causing acne. Olay Total Effects moisturizer has meant incredibly smooth, soft skin and no more breakouts! Plus, it is SPF 15 so there is some sun protection included.Also, unlike most other moisturizers I have used, this absorbs well and does not cause unsightly beads of sweat to form on my forehead after application. The only thing I did not like was the scented version as the smell is insanely oppressive, but there is an unscented version available so that problem is easily solved.I highly reccommend this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have only used this for the last couple of weeks.  I break out very easily, and was worried this would break me out, but it hasn't!! Yay!!I use this once a day in the morning under my makeup.  I love the sunscreen smell.  It is very light and feels good on my skin.  I am mainly using it to prevent wrinkles. I don't have any yet, so I can't comment on this making them less noticeable.  I think my skin looks only better, though.  I have had a male co-worker say I look \"fresh\" just out of the blue.  It makes my skin look real healthy and dewy.  No acne and just really nice looking skin.  So I am very happy."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've only been using this moisturizer for a little over a week and I can already feel the difference in my skin.  My foundation goes on smoothly and my skin feels moisturized all day.  I have been using Aveeno for years but I like this moisturizer so much better.I work at a skilled nursing facility and the residents with the nicest skin ALL say that they've been using Oil of Olay for decades.  If that doesn't make you want to try it for yourself, I don't know what will."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Don't laugh. My wife has been using this for years and I tried it on my face for my drying skin.  Later I used it on my hair as a conditioner at night and the hair is not dry after shampooing and drying the next morning. Amazing. At Amazon prices you can do this. If I were buying from retailers the cost would be a little too high to do this although I still might since it makes hair shinny and easy to control without being greasy.  I know I sound like a girl. So be it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried many different moisturizers.  I've been looking for something that helps with the fine lines, but doesn't make my face greasy or clog my pores.  I love this moisturizer!  It feels like velvet, absorbs quickly, and doesn't cause my face to break out.  The description says it's unscented, but it does have a very, very light fragrance.  It's not perfumey, just fresh and clean.  I'm on my second bottle and I can absolutely see a difference in the texture of my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's hard to know how to review this. I've been using it for a few months and while i haven't noticed any radical changes in my skin (my fine lines are still there), it is still my favorite moisturizer. I decided on this product based on the review at beautypedia.com, it seems to be a reliable product. It goes on very smoothly and dries quickly, you don't need to use too much. It does smell slightly like sunscreen lotion, but I don't mind. I like the pump design, and if you have read up on moisturizers you might have heard that you shouldn't use any product in a jar because it is constantly being exposed to air and bacteria. The packaging, spf, and anti aging aspects are unbeatable at this price (mine was $14 on Amazon at the time)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Everything has a smell. When Aveeno says that it is fragrance free that means they did not add any external fragrances to the product which can be irritating to some people. This product smells like cooked plain oats when initially applied, but that will go away after it absorbs.Now that that's out of the way, the reason I rated this product 3 stars is because Aveeno seems to have changed its ingredients around from when I first bought this lotion. Oat Flour (Avena Sativa) use to be its FIRST(most abundant) ingredient. Now it's the 7th, and the first ingredient is water, which I think has caused this lotion to be less effective than it used to be for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "While I'm not overly enthusiastic about the scent of this unscented product that is easily remedied by the addition of any essential oil I want to add before slathering this on my skin. The main ingredient seems to be Oat Kernel Flour and that is the main reason I buy this product.The skin calming and healing qualities of oatmeal are almost immediately apparent. Within a few days of using this product you will notice a difference in your skin.This lotion absorbs easily, it is smooth, healing and a creamy comforting addition to your day. If you enjoy scented lotions, try the Aveeno Stress Relief Moisturizing Lotion. I also enjoy using the Aveeno Body Wash and Soaps.If you want to scent this product, buy some rose oiland add a few drops. Rose oil helps to balance your emotionsand that in itself will help your skin.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Honestly, I couldn't tell if this cream was working or not. Yes my stretch marks faded, but it could have been them naturally fading over time. Regardless, it didn't hurt to go ahead and use the bottle up. After a while I didn't see any difference so I just stopped using it. I've also heard rumors that cocoa/shea butter has no proven affect on stretch marks. Perhaps IF I ever get stretch marks again I would re-try this product. It has a nice, subtle smell and it is very creamy. Not too thick, not too thin. It takes about 5-10 minutes to dry but it will definitely make your skin softer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been wanting to purchase a body oil ever since I received one as a sample. I went to Target one day & unexpectedly found this with the rest of the Palmer's stuff. I didn't even know they had a body oil! I saw the price & quickly put it in my basket. This stuff works so well! Ever since using this after every shower my boyfriend now says all the time how soft my skin is ( he doesn't even know I use body oil!). 4 reasons you should purchase this: Palmer's doesn't test on animals, low price, smells so good, & it works!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I&#8217;m a fan of a lot of Palmers&#8217; products and was looking for a good body oil so I really thought I would like this. Having used baby oil in the past, I was shocked at how quickly this was used up. The baby oil would last easily through the winter and beyond, but this barely lasted a month. The consistency was quite thin and runny, so a lot of it was lost in the process of trying to apply. Then &#8211; possibly because of thinness? -  I felt like I needed more. I have used sweet almond oil in the past and it has a similar consistency. On the bright side, it smelled good and felt good, but because of the above issues I won&#8217;t be buying again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have had a few of these and I love it!!!  I ordered their newer model and ended up giving it to a friend.  I have very thick hair and it tends to be puffy and on the wavy side.  After I blow dry my hair, I use this and it smooths out my hair beautifully.  I can also flip my sides back and the bottom length under.  I hope that this isn't going to be discontinued.  It works way better than their newer model!  Please keep making these.  I recently ordered another because it works so well!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product is not at all good for short hair.  The barrel is huge!  I know the description gives the 1-1/2\" measurement but nowhere does it say anything about hair length recommendations.  I have to wrap my hair around half the brush and hold it there with my hand (hot!) because it doesn't even begin to wrap enough to stay on there.  Slightly better luck with the curling iron attachment.  This will be a fine product if you have at least shoulder length hair.  Otherwise, look elsewhere.  Now I am hoping mine burns up so I can return it at Amazon's expense instead of mine."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's a great product. I have had two before and my last one, of three years, died finally so I went to buy a replacement but could not find one anywhere. This Hot Air curling iron is a great price and it works great for my hair, which is on the thicker side and wavy. I can do anything from baby-doll curls with this thing to soft shiny waves or use it to shine my hair and give it some shape after straightening. It's a good multipurpose tool.The shipment on this thing was crazy fast. I ordered it and the third day it came to me. I did a test just now to see if it works and it does. Nothing was wrong with the packaging or the product. When I need one again I will defiantly buy from this person/business again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "An item you can do without. Before i bought this i would sit covered over a bowl of hot water. The benefit to having this product is that you can turn on the steam as soon as you need it. Still takes like 5 min for it to actually start steaming. Once you have your face in the bowl mask you can feel a bit insecure because if that thing splashes water on you it will burn you. The battery operated exfoliating brush (included) is loud and cheap. I dont use any of these things as much i thought i would."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The first one arrived & the facial sauna worked fine, but the little facial scrubber didn't.  Amazon replaced the entire package and everything works fine.  Is it like going to the spa and getting a facial?  No.  But then I didn't pay as much for this little device as the spa paid for the one they use.  The steam isn't a lot, it's gentle.  I did put a towel over my head & that helped.  The sinus attachment works well.  I am pleased with the purchase."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this steamer for the last 9 years.  My first lasted about 8 years, but got a little crusty by the end of it.  The timer option is great so  I don't have to keep track of time.  This one includes a convenient measuring cup.  I wasn't crazy about the exfoliation tool (prefer to use a combo of Cetaphil and baking soda), but I guess it does the job.  I use the steamer about 2x a week for blackheads."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using these for several years, and I try never to be without them. My face tends to get oily in the afternoons, and a quick dab all over with one of these completely takes care of it without disturbing my makeup.  I took off one star because they aren't quite as big as I would like.  If you're oily enough that you need to use the whole sheet, you end up having to hold it by a spot that is already used and then you have your face oil on your fingers.  If the sheets were a little bigger, that wouldn't be a problem.  Overall, though, one of my favorite products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used this during the day for a couple months in conjunction with the Q10 night cream and it seemed to help soften the wrinkles I had started to notice.  Doesn't aggravate my acne prone skin and I like this lotion better than the night cream since the consistency is light and absorbs well and the smell is very minimal (plain suntan/lotion smell).  Works fine under my makeup.  Would be great if they offered it with a slightly higher spf to last just a bit longer (since I don't reapply over my makeup)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For me the lotion is too greasy for my face so I use it for hand lotion.  I also purchased the 2-pack of Eucerin Q10 Cream which is really good for the back of the hands and I will certainly use it for that.  However, the Q10 Anit-Wrinkle Sensitive Skin Lotion is just too greasy for my face which is already oily.  I suppose for ladies with \"dry\" skin it would be a good thing.  But as I've said I will use it as a hand lotion"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This curling iron is pretty good, but it does not have a strong enough spring to keep hair in place when curling. I have learned to correct this by hair-spraying the strands of hair I am about to curl. Then I clamp the hair under the metal clip about an inch or two up from the end of the strand. If you try to clamp your hair at the tip--it will not hold. You have to start an inch or two up from the edge to get it to hold. But if you do that, and if you hair spray it first--this curler can make some excellent spirals. I give this item 4 stars because it was basically the cheapest ringlet curler I could find. And this product does give me the curl I want, it just takes a little bit of finesse. But if you want something stronger and easier to use, look elsewhere."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Doesn't heat up enough.  I had it on my hair for 20 seconds without it feeling hot to the touch, on the highest setting.The on/off buttons are in the way and I turned it off by mistake at least 3 times just trying to curl the front of my hair, before I gave up and used another iron.I did get a cute curl once, but it went away by the time I did the next strand.  I knew I hated Revlon curlers, but this was the biggest one I could find at the store.  Hopefully the store will take the curling iron back unwrapped."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Anything I every purchase by revlon was cheap and works great as high pricey products. Packaging was great as if it was just light books were inside and delivery was perfect timing for me.  If you haven't tried anything by revlon then I really recommend all there products and purchasing them from this seller when needed to. It's really worth every cent you worked for and heats up in seconds when your on the go. I really have to complete the whole entire set by getting the other size barrels by revlon that works wonders on any type of hair.Thanks!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This may be great for some people but the information listed neglects to tell you that this is a flat barrel 1/2 inch iron which is suppose to give ribbon like curls. Although the package says ribbon curl I didnt realize the barrel was going to be flat and I was a little disappointed when I got it. That's the only downside, everything else like the settings, heat, and tangle free cord all work great and shipping was fast. So if your into ribbon looking curls then this iron would be for you otherwise keep looking."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Okay, so I'm a guy... but yes, once a week I scrub my face with St Ives Swiss Formula Apricot Scrub.  I have gone through this ritual for about 20 years now.  I'm not crazy about the new scent, but this brand name item is the best out there.  (I've used the generic).  I'm 45 years old while writing this review... but I look at least 10 years younger.  Is it because of St Ives or is it genetic?  I'll never know... but I'm going to continue to use this product until I die.  Keeps my face smooth (makes it easier to shave with an electric) and keeps my pores open.  That's about all I ever wanted to use this for and I believe it serves it's purpose."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'll start by saying I have very sensitive skin, and this did not bother me, so that's definitely a positive! My skin is also very dry, and this is a nice thick, unscented cream that moisturizes without leaving a greasy feel. As far as the wrinkle reducing power, we'll have to see. It claims visible results within 5 weeks, so I'll have to wait a little longer. In the meantime, it's a great moisturizer for sensitive skin for before bed and under my makeup in the morning."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a lot like the Nivea Visage Q10 that stopped coming to the US and you can buy online still (made by the same company, Beiersdorf, in their factory in Poland). It's impressively cheap, it moisturizes really well, you can use it morning or night, it has no fragrance or dye, so you can use it around your eyes without them getting red or swollen.Negatives - it doesn't have the immediate effectiveness that retinol products do, then again you can't use those during the day. Also, an sunscnreen would make this more useful. I'm not a fan of using many different lotions, so I'm unlikely to buy this again, as it's neither an ideal night nor day lotion, even if it is a great value and a solid product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This cream is just too thick for my face and I am using it on my hands.  I tried it around my eyes and on my neck and it just started falling off in gobs when I rubbed my neck.  Gross.  I will not put it on my face again and will just use it up as hand cream.  I might mention that I am a 65-year-old boomer babe with oily skin still and don't have wrinkles yet and didn't want to get them.  I would rather get wrinkles than have this thick stuff or the greasy lotion on my face.  Both are good for the hands though and people can tell your age from your wrinkled hands too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this product for almost a year now and as with all Eucerin products it is the best. There are products on the market that are selling for 5 times what this cost and this is every bit as good. I'm 70 years old and look 10 to 20 years younger. This product makes my facial skin soft and moist looking. The first few times I applied it I could feel my skin tightening particularly around the eyes. I use about a jar a month as I apply it morning and evening."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this a couple months ago from Fred Meyers as a night cream (Olay Sensitive Skin SPF30 during the day, and I try to stay out of the sun for extended periods of time), and I really like it. It doesn't irritate my skin, it doesn't have a weird consistency (it's a bit like butter in colour and consistency, but it doesn't leave a tint and it absorbs in the skin as you massage it in), and it doesn't give me acne. My mother thought it a little weird that I'm using it because I'm only 20, but I believe that it's important to start taking care of skin and body at a young age with a proper beauty/wellness regime, clean diet, and regular exercise. I would recommend trying this for a month or two to people with sensitive skin like myself because overall, it's a great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First off, I do have slightly oily skin, so people with normal or dry skin would probably have a better time with this product.I got this pretty cheap, so for the price I can't complain much. I wanted to try it and now I have, and for me at least, it was just 'okay'.I found the cream a little too thick, and it felt a little greasy after use. It was okay for using at night, but I want a cream I can use before I put my makeup on too.However, I will say that it is indeed good for sensitive skin. I never experienced any redness or itchiness like with some products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've come to the conclusion if the product is advertised as Anti-Wrinkle it ain't going to work and more than likelydo nothing but lay on your skin like a mast.Olay Regenerist  is the same way it actually feels like heat on your skin.  This one doesnt feel like that, it just feels like you are wearing a mask and the pores in your face are clogged.After seeing the horrors of plastic surgery and the Contour debacle where threads are inserted into your skin to pull the face up... frankly just face the fact your never going to look like your were even in your 40's.Time and nature will have their way with you.  Matter of a fact if wrinkles are all you have got, be glad there are so many ills and deseases to confront you as you make this short journey in your life, just be yourself."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I suffer from dry hands... My own fault - I hate to wear rubber gloves when I do things. This lotion is a saver. It has NO water whatsoever and all the good stuff. So, a good sugar scrub and an application of this later, my hands look like I've never done any housework in my life. Highly recommended. I know it's a body lotion, but the rest of me is not dry enough to waste this on... It is rich, so if your legs are dry from shaving, it will probably save them too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this so much!This mask is everything I was looking for: thick, not too pungent, great ingredients, and best of all, IT WORKS!I use this mask whenever I've had a long day and I know the oil/dirt buildup on my skin is a lot or if I fell asleep the night before and was too lazy and tired to wash my face.You simply apply it, let it dry, rinse, then continue to wash your face with you normal cleanse.I paired this mask along with the Freeman Pineapple Enzyme mask (which smells amazing might I add!) and with my normal Neutrogena cleanser/toner and together they have brought my skin (which was blemished and damaged) back to life.I truly love this and recommend this to anyone whose skin easily gets oily just like mine."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like this mask a lot. I wanted something a little less drying than my purifying mint mask and since this has avocado in it I thought it would be a nice alternative. It's very nice and applies easily and my skin feels softer after I use it without feeling like it's stripped me of all moisture. Don't get me wrong, it's not the same effect as using a moisturizer or anything - you're still going to lose some moisture - but it's not nearly as drying as some masks I've used before."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have struggled with acne, blackheads, and scars since age 11. I have tried lots of products and seen dermatologists with little help. Now, about to turn 30 and still dealing with these issues, I tried this product after all of the reviews. I cannot tell you how amazing this is. It's so affordable, too. Admittedly, I use it 1 to 2 times a day for my best results. My pores are much clearer and squeezing the blackheads on the nose, which my esthetician used to do, (the only place I would squeeze d/t scarring), has become much easier and I have to do it less frequently with regular use. For the price, I would recommend everyone try it until the product is gone and see how it goes for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used this before, and hope this is the same thing but they changed the outside look of the tube. I really enjoy this mask and think it works great...but my package was supposed to be here at the latest the 8th and I still have yet to receive it. After not even hearing anything from them I decided to contact seller and they were nice, telling me that it is almost here. Just frustrating I can get a foot spa bath, facail sauna system and many more larger items from other sellers on time, but not this little mask tube. But end of story is this is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone! Just order way early from when you expect it to be there!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First off, if you have an Ulta near by, you can find this product there for four dollars in the same size. I used to use the Biore oil control clay mask which is an excellent product but they're no longer selling it anywhere. I was going to buy another expensive mask to replace the Biore but decided to try the Freeman brand since it was so inexpensive. It's not as good as the higher priced masks of course but it works well enough for me to purchase again. It leaves my face feeling soft and tightens up my pores. The results don't last very long for me; I have a very oily face due to hormone imbalances and it's very hard to control this for more than one day. I use this mask every three days and use an oil-control cream cleanser the rest of the time. My favorite thing about the Freeman mask is that it doesn't cost much. If it were more than ten dollars, I would never buy it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This avocado & oatmeal masque is super cheap and I know some people complain about the ingredients. People! You get what you pay, if you want something better, pay extra to get something fancy to suit your needs. This tube is big enough so this should last me longer than 6 months really since I use it maybe once a week.I like how this helped me a little with reducing the size of pores. My face feels fresh and tight after I use this. My only complains are that whenever I apply this on my face, it stings my eyes so much although I did not apply it close around the eyes either, just around cheek area. Overall, I like it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Even though I am pushing 50, and my skin is pretty dry, I still keep this clay masque on hand. Why? Because I have large pores that are getting (ack!) even bigger as I age. With one use, I can see my pores visibly reduced. With two I'm almost back to \"Pores? What pores?\" This stuff is super cheap, you get a lot for your money and it works.General 411: I usually put this all over my face (except eyes and mouth, of course),leave it on 20-ish minutes to let it dry. Rinse with a wash cloth then follow with a good moisturizer on my drier bits. The next day I exfoliate really well to get rid of any dry skin flakes. After this 1-2 procedure, I look like I've had a professional facial!Unfortunately, there's no way to \"cure\" large pores, but this masque certainly helps keep them in check."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really like this product, it is my go-to peel off mask. All of Freeman's products are amazing, and this one is no different. It smells just like cucumbers, and it is not difficult to remove at all. It's kind of a thicker consistency so its a little hard to spread onto your skin but its not an impossible task. I just removed it from my face about ten minutes ago and it feels fresh and clean. I recommend this to anyone looking for a peel-off mask, and if you're just shopping for masks in general, I recommend any of the Freeman products, especially this one, the lemon and mint clay mask, and the anti-stress dead sea minerals mask."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I guess I don't know how to use a facial peel off mask or something, but I am not happy. First off, it's like glue. It's the same thing as getting elmers glue, just smells like cucumbers. I can't spread it around to my face and it peels off like glue on your hands. You know when you get glue on your hands and peel it off as a kid? Same thing, except you can't spread it around like Elmer's. It took me forever to get it off my face and was not nice because I have peach fuzz. It got in my hair and I had to wash it out, and I didn't see a difference whatsoever in my face except that it was red from trying to get it all off. If you want a pain in the ass (and I don't like to cuss), buy this. This is something that I would never recommend to anyone whatsoever. If I'm doing it the wrong way, please someone tell me!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a fun product to buy and it actually works well. If you are going to use this I would suggest applying the product liberally so that you do not have a thin layer but a nice thick one. I also suggest leaving this product on for longer than 10 minutes, maybe around 15 so that it really gets to dry. Before you apply the product pull back your hair because it can get a little annoying when the product gets stuck to your hair. I would also be mindful not to get any on your eyebrows cause it can get inbetween the little hairs.Once you remove the mask you'll find that your skin is nice and soft and less oily. It does remove dead skin but do not anticipate removal of blackheads. It also leaves you with a nice soothing/cooling sensation afterwards."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "One of my favorite peel-off masks. A treat for my face. Exfoliates/peels and leaves my skin feeling super clean and soft. It's gentle on skin but cleans effectively.  The cucumber mask feels great in the hot summer months for deep cleaning and leaves my face feeling refreshed and renewed.  Dries fairly quickly and peels easily.  I use a cucumber toner after peeling off and my skin feels calmed and soothed. I have better results with moisturizing when I use this peel a couple times per week."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First of all, it does pull out stuff from your pores, bet very little bit. Just to explain: if you use strips on your nose (I think most of the girls know what strips I talk about), then you pull it out, you see some pore stuff left on the strip, but most of pores still not cleaned. So this mask working much less than strips for nose. It takes some stuff out, but its nothing, doesn't make sense to use.I couldn't find some good pore cleaner, until I try proactiv. Even if you have no pimples, try to buy just a cleanser from proactiv (the first one from regular kit), it's like a scrub, but it's first scrub in my life that really clean pores instead of scratching skin. So, put the scrab on DRY face, scrab it all for minute, especially your nose. After 2-3 use your pores will be clean. I promise."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cucumber cool facial that is just what I wanted. My favorite was discontinued years ago and the Freeman brand isn't one I was familiar with until Amazon. Use a thin layer for best results . . . drying time is 10 min. or less. Soothing for sensitive and mature skin. Can be used daily. Product information and description is accurate. It does feel a bit sticky so just rinse your hands and remember that a thin layer accomplishes the desired results. The tube makes it easy to use and store.Consider the other peel masks offered by Freeman . . . Pomegranate is another good choice from this line of products.Definitely recommended!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This Conair Ionic was purchased after my other hair dryer fell into the pool.  Don't ask.Anyway, thinking the ionic part was just a gimmick but still hoping it was for real,  I got this.  It's a pretty thing, and on the small side which I like.I actually DID see a big improvement in the shine of my hair from using this!  My hair has more body bounce and shine, and just looks much healthier.  This seems to be less hot on the highest setting, and it takes a slightly longer time to dry my hair with this but I don't mind a bit because whatever \"ionic\" means, it works.  I am extremely pleased with this.  I don't find this any heavier than other hairdryers, as some reviews stated.I highly recommend this dryer.  My hair loves this.  Finally a hair dryer that seems to improve the condition of my hair instead of damaging it.  I'm so happy I got this!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have long wavy hair and I bought this because it came with a diffuser attachment. It clicks in no problem (as well as the concentrator but I've only used it once) and you can easily take it off. The cord is longer so if you have a larger bathroom, it helps. It also has a hook on the base of the handle, you can kind of see it in the picture, which helps with storage if you choose to hang it up. I use it on the hot heat, low setting and I don't see a lot of frizz even without product. It dries my hair quickly without it being noisy. But if you use it on the high setting, it gets noisy. Overall, I love this dryer. So far. I'll post another review if anything bad happens to the dryer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This little hair dryer really does the trick! I will admit for those with a thick head of hair this may not be the best option, but for me, with my long, thin and falling out hair its perfect. It doesn't get SUPER hot which is good because my hair is easily damaged so having a hair dryer that does not scorch my hair is a plus. I have not owned a hair dryer for the last 10 years but I was told that by blow drying my hair it will help natural oils come out that air drying doesn't release and so far I am very happy with the product. It comes with a diffuser and other small attachment as well. I love it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have not owned a blow dryer since 197?. However, after seeing so many products for curly blow dried hair  in Ulta, Target etc I thought maybe I should reconsider the blow dryer. I went on youtube to see what the latest info was on blow dryers. After watching lots of vids on youtube and reading amazon reviews I bought this from my local drug store. I thought if it didn't work for me I could keep it on hand for folks with straight hair when they stayed over at my house. I tried it and love the result.  I have coarse curly hair and it took less than 20 min to dry. The button placement was a bit odd, but it is an easy thing to learn. Additionally, it is not very noisy and my bathroom doesn't smell like burnt hair. I could nit pick and give this product 3 or 4 stars but I think with operator practice and a phenomenal price point it warrants 5 stars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For me, I have tried so many different blow dryers for me baby fine and hard to manage hair. And these previously tried blow dryers blew my hair dry fast of course (I have thin hair), however, they dulled my hair and also damaged my hair as the drying velocity was much too strong and the heating was just too hot!So I tried the Conair 1875 blow dryer and was AMAZED and BLOWN AWAY (no pun intended)! This dryer I have found to dry my hair quickly and gently. Also, my hair is shinier and much more manageable.If you have baby fine hair like I do, this is the blow dryer for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this hair dryer after my old one seemed to be taking a long time to dry my very long hair. I also had just bought another ionic hair drying tool and I loved how it helped prevent my hair from getting frizzy. I went to the store and tried out a bunch of hair dryers ranging up to $200 and this one seemed to be just as powerful as some of these very expensive dryers. I also loved that it was ionic. It does a great job at drying my hair and the attachments are really great too. I also paid double in the store for what it is listed at here."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This hair dryer is heavy. And pretty huge. Also, it's hard to hold it by the handle because the rocker switches for power and heat are in the way of your fingers, so you have to practice in order to not change the settings during use. When set on hot/high, the velocity of the air is very good, but it's not hot at all -- the air is barely warm -- which is fine for drying, but certainly not good for styling. It did minimize my static flyaway hair, but since I had to use my old &#34;hot&#34; dryer to style, I lost that benefit and had to add leave-in conditioner to de-electrify my hair. The price was good, hence the two stars, but I don't recommend. Probably better for short hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This dryer doesn't blow hard or hot enough to straighten the waves out of my hair without a lot of extra styling, which is time-consuming. I have pretty fine, thin hair, so I think this dryer should only be good for people with very straight hair that only want to dry it, not style it. I tried using a styling brush, but the style didn't hold due to the air from the dryer being too cool. I had to use a curling iron. It does leave my hair soft and fluffy, but I wouldn't buy another one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been blow drying my hair for 20 years and this is the worst blow dryer I have ever used. It takes forever to dry my hair and it doesn't give me the sleek results I'm used to. My hair dries to a wispy, flyaway state w frizz. It really doesn't get hot enough and doesn't produce enough air. Really terrible. Someone said it was heavy, but I find it lighter than most. It gets the job done just not well. I have to go over each section of my hair w a large curling iron to smooth the strands. I'm causing extra damage and wasting extra time for no reason. I'm going to go back to the Revlon line. It produces much better, quicker results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This blow dryer is a little on the heavy side, and the sound isn't exactly quiet either. BUT, like most people said, I do feel a difference in the way my hair looks and feels when I use this one compared to other regular dryers. My hair tends to be dry to begin with, so maybe that's why i notice the change. But if you already have smooth hair, I wouldn't know how the product performs. Another plus is that it dries my hair quickly...takes about 1/2 the time I usually need."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this product for about 2 months now. I try to use it 7 days a week, once in the morning and evening but that doesn't always happen. I'm using it to fade acne scars on lighter skinned african-american skin (similar shade to beyonce). I've noticed a huge improvement on the acne scars that I have had for years.the one con is that this product stinks. :( but you are only using this product for a couple of minutes a day so you can suck it up and deal with it.you don't have to use a whole lot of this product at all. a little bit goes a long way so you could have it for several months. i would say that theres at least 95% of the product left after having it for 2 months."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't have any particular scars but I wanted my skin tone to even out so I didn't have to bother with makeup. This stuff doesn't smell great nor is the texture wonderful but I do like the way my skin looks. I usually wear it at night and in the morning I use a Vita C lotion (which smells and feels great) and a simple face lotion with sunscreen. This doesn't make me break out and isn't drying. I am a lucky adult with acne so some lotions are trouble. I also have the skin tone evening face mask by palmers, which I notice more impact from than the face cream. My skin always looks fantastic after I use it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Wow, never thought I would purchase anything else but Origins and this product proved me otherwise.  So far it has moisturized my face very well during the day (I have dry skin and sometimes flaky on my forehead, chin area and lightly on my cheeks during the winter season in the east coast).  You would have to try it since everyone's face will respond to it differently and depending on what season and where you are residing will also make a difference.  This is my first time being in the east coast during the winter season so my face is a lot more dehydrated (it has not yet acclimated to the east coast winter weather, if it will ever be) in any case this product has done it's job and I have been very happy of it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used Alba See Moss Moisturizer daily religiously for over a year - no problems and you can't beat the price. I apply after morning wash, before applying foundation. I don't use the coordinating wash all the time. Most of Alba's products have impressed me for the price, this line is formulated especially for malasma, which is what drew me to it in the first place. I use the Alba Sea Moss night cream also with a hyaluronic acid gel from Reviva Labs to help with tone and discoloration. My skin looks great and I always get compliments on how nice my skin looks. Definitely recommend for women who are 35+ and have skin discoloration from too much sun or hormonal changes. So until this causes problems or Alba discontinues it, I'll keep doing what I'm doing."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First off, The description states that is had a paraben it it. IT DOES NOT!! Parabens are harmful to us , manufacturers like them because they preserve the shelf life of a product which is cancerous to our bodies. Alba botanica products do not contain parabens especially not this item. It is written in big bold letters on the bottle:No animal testing, artificial colors, prabens, phthalates, sodium lauryl/lareth or methyl sulfate. !!When I step out the shower, my skin looked so well moisturized, I didnt even need to lotion. It was radiant, as if I went to the spa. I loved the shine so much, Im excited everytime I use it. Unlike the minty version of this product this one has actual moisturizing benefits and I suffer from dry skin so that's a plus!It smells wonderful and what can I say its a great NATURAL product!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The smell is fantastic but I wished it was stronger and lasted longer; though maybe this would be good for someone who wants scented body wash but who are sensitive to overpowering scents. My husband even loves the smell. I was happy that there is a good amount of lather since most shampoos that are sulfate free do not have any lather. I even used it as a shampoo and it did not dry my hair out at all! I have since tried the tropical scent of this body wash and I prefer it more over the honey mango."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I just purchased and used this body wash from Alba today. I bought it from Super Supplements for around $14. I figured the larger size would last me longer then the smaller bottle.The smell is very pleasant, and after showering with this product my skin is soft and not overdried. (Like with most organic products)I am a fan of Albas other products so this one was a must try, of course.My Husband wont mind using this one either, and its much better for him to use then Axe! ;)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It says that you should see results in 2 weeks. Well, I didn't, but I guess we all have different skin. I could start seeing results within the first month (right cheek & forehead). It truly works.Make sure you use it with a sunscreen though. Fade creams can potentially damage skin when the profuct is on and the skin is exposed to sunlight.Along with the fade cream, I used Alba's Skin Lotion w/h SPF 15 as well as Palmer's Cocoa Butter Lotion during the night. On nights were it got really cold, I used Bio Oil on my face with the fade cream underneath.Will definitely buy a second bottle (well, jar) soon."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've already have this product and ordered it in January. I decided to come online and write about how well its working and I plan to order more soon! I am a dark skinned african american women and have had discoloration on my face for years until I began to use this product. I only use this product, suncreen, along with carbolic soap and have seen a DRASTIC improvement. I was scared this would burn my skin or make me itch because I suffer from eczema and tend to have sensitive skin but no problems whatsoever! :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really think if your skin is like leather this is for you.  Otherwise, stay away.  I followed the directions and then started cutting back when I noticed it was turning into red splotches.  I finally quit after a week or so.  I was so embarrassed to go out of the house.  All I wanted was to get rid of the red spots that were left after pimples came and left.  I am a strawberry blonde with fair skin.  The alpha hydroxy is the culprit.  I had high hopes.  This product deserves zero stars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "ok so first of all it has a VERY Strong odor. its not going to fade so don't worry about that.  when I first got it the smell was actually a little overwhelming but it has calmed down a little over the months.  this is a great product to relax with, this is not a good product to try to sleep with as it slides all over the place.  I am sure some people who sleep on their backs would love this but I sleep on my side so I am constantly doing a balancing act with it until I fall asleep.  For headaches or just general relaxation when you are laying on your back I highly advise!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Suave is value for the money.  It's not watered down like some other inexpensive brands.  Thick and rich, smooth and silky.  I just love how my hand just glides over my skin in the shower, like I had just buttered myself all up!  It's the same sensation as showering in very soft water -- only I live in an area with nothing but hard water.  I feel clean and moisturized when I'm done.  I've always been a fan of Suave products and this one just reaffirms my loyalty."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using the Neutrogena Ageless Intensives Tone Correcting Tinted Moisture, Sheer Tint, SPF 30, which is currently out of stock on AMAZON.  I decided to try the Healthy Defense product instead.I am 57 years old and although I like this product I do prefer the Ageless Intensives because I feel like it hydrates my skin better than the Healthy Defense.  This product goes on a little thicker and doesn't feel as light on my skin.I have found that if I am working outside for several hours, I still need a sunscreen product under this one.  It does not seem to be as effective in blocking the sun as I would expect for an SPF 30.All in all, this is an acceptable sub until the Ageless product becomes available.  If you have younger skin or do not spend hours outside this may be the perfect product for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My lashes are long, thick but unfortunately straight  I only use the mascara to highlight them and keep them curled after using the curler on them.I have been using Estee Lauder&iexcl;s product for but a friend insisted this is just as good. Estee&iexcl;s mascara is $20+ for a new tube. I figured I have only $5 to lose if this works just as well.I&iexcl;m impressed. I really like this product. I now own both the regular and waterproof. No clumping or flaking.Cannot believe I&iexcl;ve been paying for Estee Lauder all these years when this works just as well for me. The only negative is I really dislike the tiny, hard brush and prefer Estee&iexcl;s brush but for this price I can definitely get past that."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to use liquid foundation when I was younger and my pores were much smaller.  Now that I am in my 40's I find that liquid foundation doesn't apply well and leaves my face looking flaky.  This product is perfect to use in place of liquid, applies evenly and covers blemishes well.  It can be applied throughout the day to reduce shininess and doesn't cake or build up.  This is the only product I use unless I am going for a more dramatic look, in which case I use a silicone primer and liquid but, even then I apply this on top of the liquid with a brush to reduce shine"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This sunblock provides great physical sun protection.  It is good for people who have normal or combination to oily skin.  It feels a little heavy on your face but not as gross or greasy as regular sunblock or sunscreen.  It actually provides decent coverage and evens out your skin tone quite nicely.  The concept of being able to adjust the color of the foundation is pretty cool.  I wish cosmetic companies would provide regular foundations with this concept.  The color is pretty neutral, neither warm nor cool toned.  I could see, however, that on darker skin tones it could possibly be a little ashy due to the mineral sunblock content."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is by far the best sun block I have ever used.  It goes on well and does the job it says it will, totally blocks the sun.  I used it in Florida recently and never burned and I have skin that burns within 20 to 30 minutes of strong sunlight.  Also this did not cause any irritation to my super sensitive skin.  I use in whenever I see that we are having a sunny day as UV rays penetrate car windows.  The key to using this product is to put it on about 20 to 30 minutes before going out and to reapply every three hours or so."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I started using this product about 4-5 months ago and I must say, I love this scrub! Its better than most scrubs I've used. Its gentle on skin, beads are very fine and it doesnt irritate my skin, smells heavenly and best of all, it doesn't make my skin break out nor makes it more oily. I've always had acne and had mild to moderate amount of acne scars on my face as well, with daily use for several months, I've started to notice that the scars are fading away, not completely gone but much less visible than before. Will definitely repurchase this! Also, price is great and a lasts a good while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This stuff isn't very moisturizing at all. It has SPF 30 which automatically makes it thicker, plus the tint, this is just as moisterizing as foundation. I don't use foundation so I like that this is a very light foundation substitute, and that's what I would call it, not a moisterizer. I mix mine with grapeseed or emu oil so that it goes on slick and not cakey. When combined with my facial oil, I love the stuff..... But by itself? No good.Also I have moderate acne which I try VERY hard to keep under control, and this product does NOT make me break out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used Aveeno for years but switched to Elta MD over two years ago and have not looked back:Eltamd UV Clear SPF 46, 48-Gram 1.7 oz.Elta MD UV Clear SPF 46 provides higher spf protection and goes on smoother with a cleaner finish.  Elta MD is much better for combination or acne prone skin than Aveeno.  Elta MD does a FANTASTIC job of calming the excess redness in my complexion, something Aveeno has no effect on.  I also love how Elta MD goes on much lighter than Aveeno and Elta MD lasts longer as a result.  Elta MD is more expensive than Aveeno but I found myself going through an Aveeno every 2 months and a container of Elta MD lasts me over 4 months, so net net you are spending about the same or less with Elta MD over time.Thanks for taking the time to read my review, and I hope you found it helpful in making a purchase decision."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love these. Minus one star because they are almost either too large, or too soapy. I cut them in half because I feel like I am wasting product at the end because their is a lot left in the pad. The cleanser is very gentle, and I really like the exfoliating side of the pad. Very useful for when I am in a hurry and don't have time to do my whole skin care routine. I also like to use them in the morning if I need a quick cleanse or if I wake up and my face is a little oily."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My dermatologist recommended this brand of spf 30 for daily use because I have Rosecea.  I love this brand because it gives me a nice fresh glow if I don't wear makeup and it is easily worn under makeup because it's not greasy.  I've tried many other brands and probably my 2nd choice would be Eucerine's spf30 for face.  But I still say this is the best because it doesn't feel like you've got sunscreen on.  It seems to stay on well during exercise too, because I alway put it on when I go for bike rides and never burn."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This scrub replaces the Neutrogena scrub that my daughter and I used. I bought the Neutrogena for myself and as she progressed into a tween she needed a scrub too. She didn't care for the smell of the Neutrogena but it did work very well. I had been buying the Aveeno acne pads for her and decided to get this for the night time routine. She loves the smell and the texture and I love the great price. It leaves a soft glow to her skin and her face never feels oily.This combined with the Aveeno pads, a daily moisturizer with SPF 15 UV protector in the morning, followed by this at night, seems to be doing the trick for keeping acne at bay and keeping her young face bright and healthy.Don't tell her but, dad is using it too now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "STAY AWAY FROM IT IF YOU WEAR CONTACTS AND HAVE SENSITIVE SKIN. I put this on my face and it felt alright for the first hour. I noticed my eyes started getting irritated and a rash on my forehead. My eyes looks stressed and was red. I didn't put this on the next day and my eyes felt way better and no rash. However my face is red from the irritation from this sunscreen. This product seems like the perfect choice for me:A daily moisturizer that has clinically proven Total Soy Complex and natural light diffusers that work to naturally even out skin toneGentle enough for sensitive skin and daily useOil freeHypoallergenicNoncomedogenic(won't clog pores)but the result turned out to be a bad product for me...I wish I could get my money back. If you wear contacts do not buy this. This product has a very heavy scent that will irritate your eyes and you will be desperate to take your contacts off....."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I cannot use liquid foundation. I have tried tons of different products and everything I use, no matter how light, turn orange on my skin after a very short time. I decided to try tinted moisturizer and this seems to blend like I was hoping it would. This is not for someone who needs a lot of coverage. I have normal skin and I don't get acne very often so I don't need anything full coverage. I tried this and for the first 2 days I used it it seemed to blend well, I would still wipe some off after I went out into the sunlight, but I didn't have to remove all of it. This morning I put it on and it wasn't even on my skin for 5 minutes and I looked like I was turning into an oompa loompa. No matter how much I tried to blend it around my skin. Maybe I am destined to never wear liquid makeup. :("}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin and a history of melanoma so I require a high spf.  I chose this product because my old product was discontinued, Aveeno has typically been very gentle and this one offered a 30 spf, which I need.It smells like sunscreen.  It went on easily but after a few minutes, it feels like it's kind of caked on.  Like a layer on top of my skin.  After a few hours, my skin felt very dried out as if I hadn't put a moisturizer on at all.  Three days into using it, I got two huge under the skin pimples that left marks on my face for over week."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have this tinted moisturizer in light/fair and I thought it was decent, but not great. It has a lot of sparkles in it, and I find that they rub off easily. At first I didn't notice the sparkles, and thought I was secretly a stripper at night(Sleep stripping?). Turns out it was this product. The bottle is very poorly designed; product builds up on the outside, and then dries up, and has to be removed. It's kind of gross. It wastes product, too. I ended up discontinuing use of this product before I ran out, because of how much glitter it contains."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm not sure if it's because I'm used to foam, but this product doesn't do it for me. I was very disappointed. I should state however that I have a very clear youthful complexion with combination skin.  I think this would work well for those with dry skin because it feels a little too heavy after washing with mine.  It does feel silky but like I said for someone with combination skin it might be too greasy/heavy. I feel like I'm wearing makeup. I'm certain that if my skin was dry I would love it though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is one of the better acne products out there. I use it almost everyday to gently exfoliate and clean my skin. Some people, like my brother, prefer the large beads in a facial scrub, but I like the smaller beads in this one. Because the beads are finer, it feels like it's exfoliating more evenly. It can also be used in combination with other products, where as other facial scrubs might be too harsh for combination with anything else in the day. I would recommend trying it out; It's effective, cheap, and the tube lasts for a really long time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this product for about 2 years, but after running out and having to borrow my sister's (Eucerin Everyday Protection/SPF 30) for a week or so, my breakouts all but disappeared! I didn't change anything else in my routine or lifestyle habits - it had to be this moisturizer making me break out. If you look closely in the mirror after applying, you'll notice little glitter flecks. In my opinion, it's completely unnecessary and just contributing to the amount of crap available to clog pores! It has a tendency to leave my skin still thirsty for moisture too, also contributing to breakouts. Overall, it's ok, but after trying another product (that's also less expensive!), I found this wasn't what I assumed was as good at it got."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If by positively radiant, Aveeno means shininess, then this is the product for you. I love Aveeno products, but this one isn't it. I have some light acne scars and I heard this was a good way to cover it up (BB creams, tinted moisturizers, etc.).When I first applied the product, it really burned and felt like a sunburn for a good 30 minutes. Then, I waited for it to dry and not look as shiny but it pretty much glimmered on my skin for the rest of the night. The color was marked fair to light, yet it was rather orange. Overall, I'm disappointed in the results. I'll stick to my Maybelline concealer for now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I work in Afghanistan and had a hard time keeping any time of make-up on in the summers because of the heat.  I would sweat it off immediately.  I got this in the hopes of it staying on a little better, giving me some protection from the sun and being able to reapply through the day without it looking like I just added another layer of foundation.  This is pretty much a very light foundation.  I don't think it moisturized my face at all and it didn't cover any red spots or blemishes.  I was disappointed because I normally love Aveeno products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty clear but dry skin. I wanted something light and easy to apply that wouldn't dry out my skin. I decided to take a chance on this one since I generally like Aveeno. I'm really pale so I did like that it added a tiny bit of color to my face and that I could just rub it like any moisturizer.Aside from that, I didn't like the sparkles in it. I can't tell you how hard it is for me to find a foundation or tinted moisturizer that doesn't have sparkles in it. I prefer my makeup to look like I'm not wearing any, the sparkles take away from that illusion.This is just a preference though, because apparently there are people who do like all that glitter in their makeup but if you're like me and prefer a more natural look, try a Korean BB cream instead like Skin79."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm a 29 year old active male with moderately oily skin and I generally like this product.  The exfoliation is more gentle than most \"scrubs\" due to the very tiny beads.  It almost feels like you are rubbing fine grit sand on your face.  The actual cleansing portion is fairly gentle and smells nice.  Just a little dab of this will easily cover your face and I find one bottle lasting me over a month.One thing I will note is that this tends to be a tad harsh for normal skin - especially during the winter months.  I like to mix usage of this withAveeno Smart Essentials Scrub, since the latter is a little more gentle on the skin for when you don't need much exfoliation."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this today at Publix (our local grocery) on clearance for $8.00.  I really didnt need a sunscreen, just a tinted moisturizer as I dont like to wear foundation in Fla. in the hot humid season.  I read the other reviews and (1) The texture is due to the spf30 and quickly absorbs into the skin.  (2) Dont buy this if you have very dry skin as it is a lighweight moisturizer.  The fair to light works fine for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "PROS- I LOVE the way this makes my skin look! It has light reflectors that highlight parts of my face and gives my skin this gorgeous sheen.- SPF- Skin looks more even after continuous use.*CONS- *Unfortunately, it clogs my pores and causes me to break out if I leave it on all day; on the other hand, if I wash it off immediately when I get home after a few hours, my skin looks better.- Not water resistant. It will &#34;melt&#34; when it comes in contact with water.I've recently started trying to use more natural, eco-friendly products. Aveeno Positively Radiant Tinted Moisturizer isn't 100% natural and I believe it has an EWG rating of 3 with limited information from Aveeno. Although it seems to clog my pores and melts when it comes in contact with water, I REALLY like the way it looks. I use it when I know that I won't be out all day, that I won't be around water and I want to look fresh."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried facial creams priced from 200 dollars to 4.99!  Aveeno is the very best without question.  It hydrates, smooths, lightens dark areas, and is never greasy.  Just try it once ~  you wont regret it!NOTE:  I recently discovered I have a wheat intolerance.  SOME, not all, Aveeno product use wheat and oats.  Even on my skin, I had problems with reactions.  If you do not have wheat issue...  The Aveeno line is excellent in both results and social responsibility."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because I love the Aveeno Positively Radiant (non-tinted) moisturizer that is SPF 15 and now that winter is here, my pale skin needs some color. I also use the Jergens Natural Glow facial moisturizer, but it just doesn't keep my makeup in place throughout the day like Aveeno does. So, I bought this product thinking it was more like a gradual tanner. At first I was taken aback when I saw how thick the lotion is but I am pleasantly surprised. The Fair to Light is perfect for my skin and it evens it out nicely before I apply my daily makeup. I've typically tried BB creams in the past for this purpose but they all make me break out. I'd highly recommend this over a BB cream. Great product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I work fast food so you can imagine how terrible that is for someone with sensitive oily acne prone skin. I went to spend some time with my sister straight after work one day and she had me use these and WOW is the best way to describe these wonderful things. My face felt completely clean like it cleaned away all of my makeup and i felt it cleaning my pores. I looked at my face the next day and it looked so much clearer than it has in years. I will definitely be buying some of my own and i recommend these to everyone who want a clear and clean face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm used to using \"kiss my face tinted moisturizer\" which I thought was alittle cakey but I loved the coverage with a little moisturizer added to it. This Aveeno product doesn't seem so cakey to me.  It actually has less coverage then I'm used to and bc it's \"radiant\" has a bit of sheen, which I'm not used to and actually don't really like.  It would prob. be nice for going to the beach, to the lake or for other active outdoor activities, but not something I want to wear to church or to a nice function (which is usually when I want to add some tint).  I won't buy this again, but will be shopping around for something without sheen, as the kiss my face tinted moisturizer has been discontinued."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used a lot of tinted moisturizers and as a rule I LOVE Aveno prouducts. To due skin cancer and using Renova, I have got to SPF my skin all year.I love Aveno products & my skin lady uses them after treatment. I am a natural platinum blonde so i go from very pale in the winter to a light tan as the weather warms.In general, this is a good quality product with adequate coverage & excellent SPF protection &  while transparent it also evens out the complexion. I believe it has a powder base as this seems to sink into large pores and deep lines. TO avoid this, I put 3 drops of a higher SPF &  mix it into the Aveno and then apply. This takes care of the problem.I also bought the light and medium and mix the two together to get the perfect shade. I store it mixed in a clean glass baby food jar & capped tight."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I discovered this product when I was searching for something to cover up the whiteness caused by Aveeno 85 Sunblock. This moisturizer is perfect for that purpose. It has SPF 30, which is not relevant to me, since it's going on over the heavy sunblock, but that is a nice feature for anyone wanting to protect their skin. I use the Fair to Light tint, and it covers up the sunscreen with a nice even coverage. It's very sheer and natural looking and I have gotten a lot of compliments on my skin since I started using it. I don't use a lot, just one pump in the morning and I'm done, so it lasts a really long time. Like all the Aveeno products, it has a faint pleasant smell that doesn't linger. Well worth the price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This stuff is terrible.  It makes my skin break out because it leaves a waxy residue on your face after you wash it off that clogs my pores.  Also, the \"microbeads\" are a joke - you can barely tell they're there and they don't help exfoliate at all.  Worst of all is that this scrub is like a gel, and I prefer scrubs that are like a cream.  To top it off, it does not \"brighten\" or even out my skin tone at all.  I would not buy this garbage again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Ok, i love aveeno products but this is a total FAIL!! And a waste of $$ for that matter. I'm on a budget, and i was looking for something budget-friendly from a drug store. After all the hype about this product, i decided to give it a try. First of all, the scent was overbearing, too greasy, my skin is combination/oily, and this made it worse!! I was extremely oily all day even make-up didn't help. I also developed a rash on my T-zone. I'm a very patient person so i stuck with it for a month before dumping it! Started using St.ives and so happy with the results not to mention the price is 2 less for what i paid for this junk! Too bad i won't get my hard earned $$ back!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this to replace a similar product from a different brand.  It is larger, thicker, and more absorbent than the other one, and I really like it.  I have approximately elbow length hair, fine strands but thick volume with 2a/b curls.  This dries faster than a towel and leaves my hair less fuzzy.  It also seems to result in less breakage; hair is a lot weaker when it is wet and traditional towels are hard on it.  The towel is also thinner than a traditional towel, and so you can easily make a great turban that dries your hair while you put on makeup or do other things."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a fantastic product! I cannot wash my hair without it.  I am so used to this towel sucking up all the extra water that when I just use a normal bath towel it actually feels weird to have all the excess water in my hair.  This also cuts down on a lot of blowdryer time too. I have fine, medium length hair and this works fantastic for me.  I highly, highly recommend this for anyone who wants to save time on drying their hair in the morning and get out of the door faster."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had one of these decades ago when I blow dryed my hair and used hot rollers -- I thought the towel was great.  I recently bought another, as my hair is very long and naturally curly (it has to air dry).  First of all, this towel will not stay twisted in a turban while I put on moisturizer, etc., and second, it soaks up so much moisture that my hair dries frizzy (even with product on it).  I'm dissappointed with my purchase, and would not recommend this to anyone with naturally curly hair that need to be air dried."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been losing hair for some time and I'm pretty sure the reason is all the blow drying and product I use to &#34;protect&#34; my hair from the heat process.I found this towel on Amazon by accident and figured I have nothing to lose...but more hair...so I bought it.I had to re-dampen sections of my hair to apply mousse cause it was almost completely dry after having it wrapped for about 5 minutes.I can see this towel coming with me on all my vacations!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this to use at the pool. I like that it's thin. I would say the absorbency is the same as a regular thick towel (not moreso, but it's super thin so I'm still a fan). I have loads of long hair, and I still find this towel a bit too big. It's not quite big enough for a full body towel, so I wish it were smaller or bigger, and less in between. Thought about trying a hair turban, but I suspect they're not as user-friendly (especially for tons of hair) as they appear.But overall I'm pretty happy with it. Again, love the light, thiness. Perfect for the gym."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's not just an ad campaign, a super-absorbent towel really does speed up hair drying. I spend less time with the hair dryer when I use this towel. Less time with the hair dryer means my hair looks less fried out and feels softer.I liked the idea of the hair turbans that came out a few years ago, but realistically they never quite fit. For me the loops and buttons and such were not in quite the right place for my particular head. A flat towel works much better for me. It is nice and long so I can make my own turban.I have two different brands of these hair towels. The Aquis one is much softer than the other one.I confess that I pretty much ignore any special laundry instructions. I figure it lives in the bathroom, it must be laundered with the other bath towels with no special care. So far it is holding up well under that arrangement."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I gave this dryer a 5 because I am very satisfied with the speed that it dries and how soft and smooth my hair is right afterwards.  This is probably not the only dryer that will give these kinds of results and it's probably not the best.  But if you have thick long hair like mine(reaches my waist)this is a handy tool.  It is a little heavy but it shouldn't be a problem if you only need to hold it for 5-10 minutes.  The real reason why I chose this ionic dryer is because I love Revlon's button configuration. The top button lets me adjust the temperature from cool, warm to hot.  And the bottom button adjusts the air flow from low, med to high. It lets me control and style my hair how I want to. I get so frustrated when the temperature corresponds to the air flow setting because it won't let me use hot on low or cool on med...catch my drift?  Anyway, nice dryer:)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Sometimes you get what you pay for. This is one of those cases. There's no lint on the back that would cause it to overheat or anything. One day it just started switching to a warm/cool setting even though it was set to hot. As time went on, it just doesn't even get hot anymore at all, warm at best. I had this less than 1 year and always kept the back cleared of lint so this is just a junk product. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it does come with attachments that similarly priced dryers don't usually come with, and there's a removable cover thing on the lint trap in the back that makes it way easier to clean, you can remove it and wash it off in the sink in 2 seconds. But it doesn't work long so don't expect much."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have really thick, hard to curl, dry, asian hair. This iron did not work for me at all.  The iron did not get hot enough to do anything. I guess it would work if I did small one-inch sections, but I have so much hair, it's just not worth the time.  The waves it did create were fizzy and ugly.My friend, who has thin hair, uses this iron all the time and it works great.I recommend the Hot Tools Deep Waver.  It worked a lot better on my hair and created well defined waves."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've always had fine, straight hair. In the 80s, I used perms to help, but I didn't want to fry my hair the rest of my life, so I looked for alternatives.I went through all kinds of styling tools fromRevlon RV261 20-Roller Ionic Professional HairsettertoConair CD103JCS Satin Finish 1-1/2-Inch Ceramic Curling Iron, and then some...even hair products like Aussie Instant Freeze Hair Spray Extreme 7 oz..I finally stumbled across this triple-barrel iron. While it takes much longer to style my hair, it doesn't fall flat after only a few hours...in fact, I've had my waves last overnight.I would not recommend it to someone who is in a hurry, or anyone with shoulder-length or shorter hair...if you don't have long hair, using this iron will make you look ridiculous."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "my poor hands, cracked, peeling, painful, terrible hangnails, cracked nails, painful skin. this cures all of it in like a day. it's just like all the other reviews say. i garden and do a lot of housechores (we're poor as dirt so i'm always cleaning) and this is the only thing that's ever worked. i actually love the smell. and it rubs in super quickly, or perhaps it's my hands that suck it up so fast... either way i use it every day. i lost my last jar and had to replace it as i was in hell without it. thank you badger balm."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am originally from Wisconsin, so I'm used to dry, cold weather.  However, I have lived in Texas for the last 3 years and my hands have never been as dry as they are right now.  My knuckles are red and flaky.  I have an office job, so my hands are not even in water a lot, but they are extremely dry and wrinkly.  I have tried jojoba oil and it helped better than regular lotion, but still not what I was looking for.  I came across this and love that it is organic and it works better than anything I have found yet.  My hands are still a bit rough, but nothing like they were before.  It does have a slightly funky smell---smells like pepto to me---but definitely worth it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been an insomniac all my life but don't like the adverse effects of most sleep aids. This was given as a gift to me. I would have never thought that something like this could work! I rub some on my temples and my lips and I slowly relax and fall asleep much more easily. Of course when I am completely wired it won't work as well or as fast, but I was amazed that on some nights that I forgot to use it I tossed and turned for while. Then I put this on and then fell asleep! I don't know how it works but it does. The smell is very discreet and pleasant."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been wearing this as long as they've been making it. I only wear clear because I'm very fair complected and color looks weird on me. My lips are small too so I prefer just gloss. It has a very subtle sparkle and will keep your lips conditioned. It's not sticky like so many are. It's very easy to apply while driving or sitting at a light. When I finish a tube, I take an orange stick (for manicures)and scoop the rest out from the base of the tube. Then I put it in a small plastic container. You wouldn't believe how much is left in the base! Probably at least another month of usage."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really hoped this would have worked, but unfortunately it was a let down. I have mildly curly and thick hair (but not coarse). I straighten my hair almost daily. I tried all the tools and still hated it! It doesn't even get hot, even when left for about 10 minutes. The straightener SUCKS! The crimper is even worse...no matter how long you hold it, how small the section of hair, or even the amount of hairspray put in before using it....it wouldn't do the job...just wave it the tiniest....making it look like my natural hair anyway. The curlers aren't impressing either. Seriously, I'm better off using my mother's hair tools from the 80s.....I would throw this thing out, but my mother bought me this for Christmas only a couple months ago."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Okay, I observed my wife and my brother use this product upon the effusive recommendation of my sister-in-law.My sister-in-law and my wife have basically perfect skin, rarely a pimple ever forms for them.  My brother also uses this product to great effect as well, which I have observed over the past year.  My wife uses this as a routine facial cleanser, then she applies moisturizer after she's done.  She does not get irritated skin.Personally, I think a lot of commercial cosmetic products are super expensive, over rated items that take advantage of the \"newest fad\". -- Okay, off the soapbox.  This particular Neutrogena product seems to be different."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a great idea and useful for anyone who prefers to use Benzoyl Peroxide in a wash instead of a cream. I like using this once every few weeks to kill the bacteria that can cause blackheads. It is a rich, creamy clay-like mask that instantly dissolves when water is applied. You can apply this before getting in the shower and it easily rinses away.As the product penetrates into your pores, you feel a cooling sensation. This is also a wonderful product to use on large areas of your body, like your back in the summer, etc. If warm weather makes you break out, try this product a few times a week and I think you will see a difference in the clearness of your skin.It is rather drying, so you might want to use a more intense moisturizer on the day you use this product.3.5% Benzoyl PeroxideAlso look for Biore Deep Cleansing Pore StripsClean & Clear concealing treatment stick~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have an oily forehead with dry nose and cheeks. I get blackheads and sometimes acne, especially if I don't follow my skin reggie.The texture is white and thick, clay-like. It tingles on the skin. I let it sit on my face while brushing my teeth or during the shower, then rinse with cool water. I use every night, as a mask once a week.My skin reggie:Neutrogena Cream Cleanser every morningNeutrogena Clear Pore Cleanser OR Neutrogena Blackhead Cleaners as a wash every night, as a mask once a week.Formula 10.0.5 mud mask once a week.Apricot Scrub once a week.Change pillowcases every few daysUse a separate towel for face only, change every few daysWash face morning and nightFollow with moisturizer always and sunscreen for the day on top of moisturizerTry not to touch my face, don't pick blemishes"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product has replaced my Proactive cleanser. It has 3.5% benzoyl peroxide, 1% more than proactive, so it really keeps your skin clear. CAn be used as a mask and cleanser. It is non irritating, and does not dry my face out. Dissolves oil too. I use the benzoyl peroxide moisturizer (step 3) from proactive. This is the only product that always works and does not irritate my skin, with exfoliants. I also use this with the Neutrogena Wave Duo, I rinse out the soap from the disposable pads and use it to deep clean my face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product really takes the gunk off my face.  I have been wearing Liquid eyeliner and that new gel liner in black a lot and when I use other cleansers for my face I still look like a raccoon under my eyes and residual makeup stays...but not with this product.I love to wear makeup and I must admit I dont normally take it off at night because Im too tired-but this product make its so easy to take my makeup off easily and with little effort.It is a foam pump but it comes out with a slightly creamy consistency which works very well.the only gripe I have with this product is that it doesnt feel refreshing after you clean your face-it just does the job I think it would be nice if it had a cooling effect to it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like these pads and use them in the morning on days when my skin feels and looks dull. One side is is the exfoliating side and the other is smooth. There is plenty of cleanser on each pad so it gets nice and frothy. I wouldn't use these daily as it is not a good idea to exfoliate your face every day but instead once a week. It would be wasteful to use the pads daily if you are using the soft side as you can just Aveeno cleanser and wash using your hands or a wash cloth. This would not only be better for the environment as you are wasting less but also more cost effective. As good as it might feel to scrub your face each morning, the long-term effect could be an increase in breakouts or make breakouts worse as they don't get a chance to heal. I liked the product, just not for daily use."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm one of those people who had a sprinkling of acne as a teen (which was taken care of by Retin-A) and then nothing until later in life. For some reason, when I turned 35- BOOM. My skin went haywire. I went to a dermatologist and he gave me a variety of things, but the basic advice was stick to a \"clean\" soap (I usePurpose Gentle Cleansing Bar, 6-Ounce Bars (Pack of 2)) and use a deep cleaning product with salicylic acid.The Aveeno Clear Complexion pads REALLY worked. I don't use them everyday, maybe three times a week, because they are very drying. But they definitely clean the skin well. I also use them in conjunction with a pure sea salt scrub (I dip the pad in the loose sea salt and scrub my face) and it does an AMAZING job of cleaning my skin and keeping it clear without turning it into a dry painful mess.So, I highly recommend this for anyone dealing with fussy skin!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to use a moisturizer from Yves Rocher but it got too expensive and it was only 1.7 oz.This product is amazing and is much better than what I was using. It makes your skin so soft but yet the acne is kept at bay. I haven't had any acne since I have been using this product which is an amazing 2 weeks!This product is very affordable and I love that it is 4 oz.I use this moisturizer with the Aveeno Clear Complexion Bar. These 2 products are really great together."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought these for the mild acne on my chin and for convenience sake I mean, cleanser and exfoliater in one pad, plus great reviews AND a decent price, sounded great. Well, I used these at night for one week and these evil little pads ruined my face. I had and still have little red bumps all over my forehead and cheeks like my skin was burned off! I haven't used the pads in 2 days now, but my skin is still very dry, even peeling in some spots and the bumps are still there. Oh and my acne is still there too.No, I haven't changed anything else in my skincare routine either.I've NEVER had skin problems before, besides the above mentioned mild acne on my chin, so seeing red bumps all over my face was a little frightening. Hopefully they'll go away soon..I like Aveeno, I really do, so this is very disappointing, if I could give this zero stars I would."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "i LOVE this moisturizer. It is thick enough that i can get proper coverage for just a small amount. It absorbs very quickly and does not feel heavy or oily. I will put this on in the morning and be good all day.My main issue before using this moisturizer was my forehead would dry out in the winter and would have skin flakes. It was particuarly bad after i got out of the shower. Now i just put this on and my skin is perfect.I use this with a combination of cetaphil in the shower and i rarely EVER break out. My skin is very soft and looks amazing.Yes, this is kinda pricey. But a little will go along way. Any more that one squirt and you have too much. So that bottle will last a good while. If you are in doubt, BUY THIS!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used these cleansing pads for months and haven't seen much improvement in my acne or skin condition overall. They're good for scrubbing excess dry skin on the face, but I'm not sure to what extent they are cleansing anything. I always cut the pads in half because the whole pad itself was more than my face needed. My acne did not improve until I started a prescription from my dermatologist instead. This is probably better for those with skin that has acne now and then (very mild acne). I have adult acne, mostly around my jawline though it appears anywhere on my face as well. I think it would take a lot more than the amount of salicylic acid in this product for someone like me. My acne isn't terrible, but I look like I'm in middle/high school with what's on my face. Unfortunately, I will not continue buying this product anymore for myself, and will just continue with recommendations from my dermatologist."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The entire Aveeno Clear Complexion line is amazing. This moisturizer in particular is amazing, and I usually can never find it in stores which is why I strictly have to order it on Amazon - which I am not complaining about! This order always arrives literally 2 days after I buy it, and I am in love with how this moisturizer makes my skin feel. I have very sensitive skin with some oily spots and acne..and this cream is perfect after washing my face in the morning and at night. What I love best about this product is that it doesn't make my face more oily, and it keeps my skin feeling refreshed even during the summer. Love it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product keeps my skin feeling refreshed and keeps my complexion fairly clean. It is light enough to use everyday!I had light acne and did not want to use harsh acne medication and products so I had to look for an alternative.I was a little skeptical at first since this product didn't offer much in the first couple of uses but it seemed to keep my skin beautiful and clear!I highly recommend this product because of it's price-value and quality.Price: 5/5Everyday use: 5/5Quality: 5/5Keeping you beautiful: 100/5"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the first BB cream bottle i have bought and I like it. When I picked it up at the store, I tried on this Aveeno one on one side of my face and the Revlon Photoready BB cream on my other cheek. I believe the Revlon offered a bit more coverage but it also looked and felt a bit more heavy on my face (and heavy makeup isn't really too practical for me). I would recommend the Aveeno BB cream if you are not looking for too much coverage, a more natural look with some good SPF 30. It looks good on my face all day and so far I've kept it on for up to 12 hours straight.Like someone had mentioned before, yes, I did notice my fingers were covered with tiny specks of glitter after applying this bb cream but its barely noticeable on your face so that was nice to see and i noticed it really did help even out my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought these and they come with 28 pads. The formula is great - acne spots that usually took months to clear up, now clear up within a couple of weeks. It really does help to even skin tone and is gentle on the skin. It keeps my skin smooth and seems to be improving the overall look of it. However, I'm not the only one in my home that uses acne cleansers and these pads only lasted 2 weeks between my fianc&eacute; and myself. So my only complaint is that you have to get them more frequently than other cleansers. I ended up getting the Clear Complexion foaming cleanser - same formula and will last longer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product not only smells amazing but lathers up extremely well.  I do not need any water to get the lather going and it soaps up my face nicely.  The disks are a generous size and if you were frugal you certainly could snip them in half and get double duty out of them.  I feel that I am more apt to cleaning my face at night when I have the cleaner ready for me.  One side of the disk is smooth and the other side has more of a texture to allow deeper penetration of your pours. My face looks bright and clean!  I was on facetime with my mom and she had commented out radiant my skin looked as I just got done washing it.  I will be picking up more of these when I run out!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because it has soy in it and I know soy helps to even the skin tone. I thought the salicylic acid it contains would help to keep my skin clear as well. But this made my already oily skin appear to be greasy. By mid day if I ran my hand over my face I could see the oil on my hand as well. There is also only 0.5% salicylic acid which really does nothing to control chronic acne.The good points are that the pads are nice and large and it smells nice and lathers up nicely. In fact I continued to use it b/c I liked the way the lather felt on my face, but it just got to be too oily for me so I stopped. If you have dry skin, I recommend it, but I do not recommend it for people who have oily skin and chronic or severe acne."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I usually break out in the summer. I sweat a lot while gardening and my pores get clogged, especially on my forehead. Since, I've change my skin regimen, my breakouts have been minimal to nil. Here is what I do. 1) Wash my face morning and night, 2) Use witch hazel pads, and then 3) finish off with this moisturizer. I always thought washing my skin too much would dry it out, but it's just fine, and most importantly - pimple-free. Since I am now using this moisturizer as part of my regimen, I guess I will give this product some of the credit. I just re-ordered."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Aveen Clear Complexion is the first moisturizer I've ever used, and I have to say it did not disappoint. I've never used many products to improve my skin, but I will definitely keep this in my stash now!I never had problem skin in high school, but once I hit college I just started having a lot of breakouts from high stress and poor eating habits. I finally found a daily facial wash that worked well and didn't completely dry out my skin (causing me to break out more!), but the combination of new skin wash and this moisturizer are what ultimately cleared up my skin.No more redness, and I've had one breakout in the last two weeks since using this. It really makes your skin look even and clear!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I fortunately grew out of the annoying pimple phase, but I still have combination skin with a T-zone that becomes oily by early afternoon. This product, in conjunction with the Olay Complete Daily Defense All Day Moisturizer with SPF 30, has FINALLY succeeded in minimizing my oiliness. I do still have dry areas, for which the moisturizer works well. I occasionally get a pimple, and I noticed that the frequency has decreased since I started using this cleanser.One star off for minor reasons: 1) I personally didn't mind this, but my fiance didn't like that the cleanser is so light and foamy. He prefers something more substantial in texture so that he knows he's really getting clean; and 2) after a while, the pump got sticky and lost its spring. Now, after pushing down, I have to manually lift up the nozzle so that I can pump again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Searching for ways to stop break outs i decided to give this product a try. It has a strong smell of peppermint and it makes your skin feel tighter after use. It helped stop my break outs and clear them up. Although it is only 1 oz a finger tip amount will cover your entire face. The product lasted me about 2 months. I decided to use tea tree oil instead just because this product is so high priced but you do get what you pay for, all organic ingredients. Organic is never cheap."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This calming gel will soothe your skin. I found a small sample in a sample kit and was impressed with the ingredients. Peppermint, Lavender, Rosemary, Safe, Aloe Vera, Witch Hazel, Tea Tree, Chamomile, Camphor and Bergamot oil top the list for healing.This formula helps to neutralize any bacteria and is especially good for oily skin. You can use this over your entire face or just for spot treatment.Also look for Pore Shrink Deep Pore Cleansing Mask and the Start Up Exfoliating Face Wash.I'd like them to make these containers twicethe size, at least.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I got this compact hair dryer to replace the same model, which I'd had for a decade or two but the cord started to wear. I found my old one to be very reliable and with a surprisingly strong air flow for the compact size of the dryer. I'd taken it on several dozen trips and used it at home often as well. This new one seems to be of equally good quality and has all the features I'd liked on my old one. I was so glad Conair still makes it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For over 20 years, the Conair has been the only brand of hair dryer I've purchased.  I've never experienced any kind of problem with a Conair dryer, and I've only replaced them when I've wanted something smaller or with new features.This little travel dryer is the best Conair hair dryer I've tried yet!  Despite the small size--which tucks easily into your suitcase--the 1875 watts provide a strong, intense stream of air, helping me to have less drying time while traveling.  In fact, this product works so well that I also recommend it for home use; the folding handle would allow it to fit into even the smallest vanity drawer.  Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I picked up this dryer when I was staying some nights at my fiancee's apartment, so I could stash it out of his way when I wasn't there. It folds in half and the cord retracts into the handle, making it very small. I was immediately impressed with the power, I have pretty thick hair but I could completely dry it in just a few minutes. When we got married and bought a house it has stayed on with me, becoming my primary hair dryer. I have used it daily for about 3 years now and it has not faltered, definitely worth it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is by far the worst thing I have ever put in my hair. I have long wavy hair, and I made sure it was dry and brushed before using this product. I put a small segment of hair on the brush (despite the fact that after 30 minutes of heating, it was barely warm), and when I wrapped a strand of hair around the brush twice, I could NOT get the hair out. It tangled and held on to my hair so tightly, I even considered cutting it off! Eventually after 20 minutes of struggle, I was able to free my hair. I immediately returned it to the drug store where I purchased it and even wrote a review on the remaining products on the shelves with a sharpie, directly on the packaging to warn other people (see customer posted images). Don't purchase this if you care about your hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very long hair, well past mid-back but not quite to my waist. So, the majority of you with shorter hair will likely have different results that I did. But, this brush immediately tangled for me. And my hair got so entwined and stuck in this brush it took about three minutes for me to untangle it and free myself from the brush. The bristles weren't the main driver, it was the small seam between the plastic handle and plastic tip, and the metal body. Very surprising that these aren't sealed better to prevent this. Once my hair got tangled in those gaps, it inevitably got tangled in the bristles too. Maybe I just got a bad one, but really can't recommend this for those with long hair :("}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty straight hair and every now and then like a different look. I have tried regular curling irons (1 inch and 1.5 inch); the curls are good but they don't last long and I on't get soft curls with those. This is a great product for soft curls or smoothing out hair in the morning. Best part is, the curls last much longer compared to the regular curling irons. Only thing I would have loved to see in this product is a better brush, this brush is not bad at all, but my hair slip out of it while curling as the teeth are smaller than expected. With loner teeth I guess this would be an ideal product for me :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Great hot brush! My sister bought 1 of these years ago and then it died a few weeks ago. She looked everywhere and couldn't find one like it. I looked on Amazon and there it was! Needless to say I bought her 2 of them, 1 to take home and 1 to leave at my home. She was so surprised and both work perfectly. It's so nice to be able to find something like this at Amazon. If you use this size brush for curling this is a great little tool. Highly recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This Conair hot brush has so much quality built in at a sper low price.  Even auto-shut-off!Great size for short to median hair or just curly styles.  Many heat temp selections sogentle on hair.  Use on DRY hair !  Heats fast, easy to hold without burning fingers.Better than curling iron because it grips the hair easily.  Same results, but much faster.Leaves hair super shiny as the barrel is ceramic.  Nothing else on the market that has this muchquality at such a low, low price.VERY, VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER !!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I ordered the 3/4-inch hot brush for myself and after experimenting a few times, liked it so much I ordered the 1-1/4-inch as a gift for a friend and she is very happy with it.  It heats super fast, has many settings for heat needed depending upon hair type, and after a few minutes of experimenting I was glad I bought the hot brush style instead of a regular curling iron.  The delivery was fast, the items were packaged well, and the hot brush works according to description."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I got this because I have fine, wavy brunette hair that often frizzes.- I wanted something that will reduce fly-away hair- I wanted a way to style my hair super fast between washes and still look good.This does the trick.- Variable heat - great.- Tip stays cool so you can actually handle both ends.- Nibs on the brush stay cool while the barrel heats up so I don't burn my skull Ever anymore.- Super fast warm-up time.- I can use it to straighten my hair by just drawing the brush through my hair straight- I can use it to curl my hair by turning it while the hair is wrapped around it.It does risk tangling if you wrap long hair around it more than twice, so I try not to do that.All in all, I love this puppy.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had a curling iron with teeth (only way I know to describe it) about 30 years ago.  It disappeared somewhere along the way, and I have wished I could find another one for a few years now.  But I never found one in any store.  Then I came across this one on Amazon.  I love it.  It accomplishes the same thing as the old one, which is to smooth out my hair after I have blow-dried it without adding unwanted curl.  Of course, you can use it to curl your hair if that's your pleasure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Works on my long mostly straight hair to provide a bit of shine and to get the ends to curl under.  (I do not know how it will work on thick or curly hair.) It heats up in less than a minute and gives my ends a curl in under 16 seconds on a medium heat setting. The turbo setting works in a few seconds and gives a good heat boost. It will give you a tighter curl. I am done with my hair in under 3 minutes most days.Be careful not to  wind  your hair too many times over the brush or you could get a tangle that is difficult to undo. One or two turns is very safe.My last  curler one kept going for several years and only failed after one too many falls to the bathroom floor. These things are quite durable under normal circumstances. Could not live without one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like this brush as an alternative to curling irons and wands used on my slightly longer than shoulder-length hair.  I had one in highschool but I didn't like it.  I though 30 years later, the quality would have improved.  I was right.  You have to take the hair in smaller sections and the curl is not defined like with an iron. It's soft, flowy curls.  However, within hours, my hair was flat.  So, unless your hair is shorter and curlier, I would not recommend if you want real curls that last.  It is NOT good for fine or thin hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I think these will be great jumbo heated rollers with dual voltage to use in Europe.  BUT, I use a hard sided spinner suitcase that opens into two compartments, instead of one large compartment.  This travel hairsetter has a small stand on it, which looks pretty sitting in the bathroom, but will take up needed height space making the double sided suitcase difficult to close.  I found on Amazon the Conair MiniPro Hot Rollers and they fit just fine, even in carry-on size. This set will be fine at home and came with claw type clips that hold the roller in place to support a curly set.  This was not written in the Amazon description.  I wish I had known because I spent more money to get clips which I didn't think came with the set."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty fine long hair but alot of it-little over the shoulder in length.  These give volume and a nice soft wave. Clips hold fine for me but sometimes leave a slight crease mark. Heat up very, very fast. Easy to use.  They would be more perfect if there were 6 of them but I can make do with 5. I still have to use the big curling iron for the small shorter pieces of hair around my face.  They almost give that look that the hairdresser can get using the big velcro rollers and then have you sitting under the hairdryer.....Very pleased!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Good and cheap hair styling product! I tried it today after I blow-dried my hair. It was frizzy and hard to handle at the tips, as always. I looked like a troll. I turned this on and let it warm for a few minutes. I put 2 on each side and one on the crown. After a couple minutes I took them off and voila! Loose, sexy, and effortless Victoria's secret curls (:Would recommend to anyone, unless you're looking for a genuine curl."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I just tried this color for the first time today and I really like it. I've been dying my hair auburn for years, but I have so much gray now that auburn is not sustainable, so I've slowly been phasing the auburn out. I've been looking for just the right blonde shade and thought maybe a honey blonde, however many of the colors looks too yellow/goldish. This color is perfect and looks just like on the box - kind of a light rosy blonde. The product was easy to apply and not messy/drippy and the smell wasn't overpowering. I will continue to use this one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'd forgotten just how wonderful Les Blondissimes hair color by L'Oreal really was until recently I used a hair color product by one of their chief competitors, and the color it left my hair was anything but what color it should have been!--I finally decided to give Les Blondissimes another try, hoping it might help correct the color my hair had become at the hands of the other brand--but, once I used Les Blondissimes, I could not believe how gorgeous the color actually had become thanks to it, and how beautifully conditioned my hair was--finally!--I will never buy another brand so long as I live now--it's my go-to brand from here on out!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been dyeing my hair various shades of brown and red for years and usually pick great colors. I have a medium mousy brown naturally.  I decided to get an early start on my darker \"fall look\" by changing my very light brown and blondish tipped hair to a light to medium chocolate brown with slight golden hints (as pictured). I hoped it would look closer to my natural color..but with more depth. And well, this dye turned it very dark brown, nearly black at the ends. I hope it fades soon. I have to say, it doesn't look so bad, I had black hair for years in college. It was a bit of a shock and wish I had read reviews on it before purchasing in the store! I gave three stars because I'm remaining optimistic that it will fade a bit!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The color is pretty, but no where near the color on the box.  It is a mahogany/red color.  Much deeper and quite red.  There is NO gold.  I am disappointed with how dark and how red the color is.  The grey covered very well (which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1).  I don't really like the formulation -- the gel colorant is quite drippy. I also like that it only takes 25 minutes to process.  I might try it again if I had confidence about the color choice."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My hair get's a REALLY ugly red in the summer when I'm in the Sun. I have to use an Ash Color This toned it down a lot. I had to do my end's for 10 minutes and then all over for another 15-20. My hair tend's to not dye evenly if I don't do it this way. Even when I pay A TON of Money at Salon's. I'm very happy with this color. I have been dying my hair for 30 year's and  have tried almost every color. I used to use Feria, but I'm sold on this now!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Some years ago, I saw that an independent testing lab had rated Olay as the most effective at achieving visible results and had bested competing products costing multiple times as much.  I bought some and was very pleased with the results. This Total Effects Night Treatment was a new product that I wanted to try, and it's difficult not to sound like a contrived television commercial at how impressed I am.  It's nothing short of remarkable how smooth and nourishing it is to my middle age skin, with no irritation or oiliness.  After finishing my first jar and not being able to find it at my local grocery store, I opted for a heavily advertised competing product that they did have. Big mistake and I actually had to return it after just a few days for the disturbing irritation it caused to my skin. Everyone's skin, of course, has it's own sensitivity and chemistry, but for me at least, I can't recommend this highly enough. It does what it says and at a very reasonable price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using Olay products for a number of years, and at 67 years of age, I don't have any wrinkles on my face, neck, or upper chest. This could, of course, be due to heredity because my 94 year old mother doesn't have much in wrinkles either. There is really no way to know for sure, but I do like the feel of this product on my skin. When I use it, my skin feels soft and moisturized, and not greasy as it does with some other products. I will continue to use this and other Olay products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a nice, light night cream.  It has a pleasant fragrance, that is barely noticable and fades quickly.  I like the way the cream feels when I apply it, like my skin is saying \"aahhh\".  The cream soaks in quickly and is not oily or sticky at all.I can not give it a higher rating because I did not find it to be effective at firming.  In fact it did not leave my skin as hydrated as other products I have used.  I will finish my jar, but will not repurchase.I am nearly 60 years old with fairly dry skin and I must need a need a more emollient product.  I think this one would work well for younger people."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because I thought I needed a heavier night cream, but its a little too heavy for my face as I have oily/combination skin.  If you are dry/combination or dry and need that extra moisture, this would be an excellent product for you.  I use it on my neck only and it works wonders for that, but when I use it on my face, I have a few whiteheads in the morning.  Still a good product as most of the Olay line has proven to be."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using Nivea's face scrub for years, and I would never consider washing my face with any other product. The scrubbing elements in this product gently scrape the dirt and dead skin from your face, and leave it feeling revitalized and really clean. If your skin is oily, or if you work in a humid or otherwise grimy environment, then you will certainly appreciate this scrub. I use it after taking a shower and/or right before I shave. I feel that even when my face is not particularly grimy, this scrub helps me get a smoother-feeling face that is much easier to shave. Overall, this is a great product that has become and integral part of my personal care arsenal."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm assuming that what they tell you is true and you need to occasionally run sandpaper over your face to strip a small layer off. In that case, I'd recommend this to do it.I only use this once a week or once a fortnight. But when I feel particularly that there's too much skin on my face and I need to strip a layer off I use this. The good thing about it is that it cleans quite well yet does not leave your skin dry. It smells nice without being overpowering. And I only use it before sleep and never after shaving because I think that shaving already strips a layer off your skin.So, cleans nicely, does not leave the skin raw, I recommend it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After even a quick wash, my hair feels too squeaky and crispy. On one hand it can be an indication of the shampoo doing a good job cleansing the hair. On the other hand, it feels like it washes off all the oils that my scalp needs. When I dry my hair it looks too lifeless and just sticks up because it lacks any weight... I've never had my hair thinner. And yes, I use the conditioner of the same brand after every wash, but it doesn't help."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My son got tanned despite of using this daily. He had golf lessons 3 times a week in the mornings! and only for one hour! he came back home darker after each lesson. My husband got a tan too but didn't burn. I have to admit, we are currently in South America, perhaps it will work better in Northern Hemisphere.  It's not easy to spread, leaves white cast, you have to rub it a lot to get rid of whiteness, and hairy fuzzy men, forget it!!! We tried Australian gold brand (easier to spread but stinks to high heavens), and no difference in protection."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Over the past year, I had gel french nails done bi-weekly in a salon, unfortunately, after about 1 year, my nails were burning, which I know is due to filing/sanding. I did tons of research and came up with a non-salon regimen that works for me. I use Hoofmaker Hand and Nail lotion, Nailtiques Plus 2, Zeva Crystal file, and Zeva Nail Brite. Finally, I use 2 different cuticle cream a few x's per day - Barielle cuticle cream. Barielle's cuticle cream dries nicely. All of this together has made a huge difference. I never thought it was possible to have natural nails that actually looked nice."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've written off Barielle as the most high priced gimmick products I've ever tried.  This doesn't do a darned thing.  It's greasy, oily, and if it worked, I'd deal with it, but it does nothing.  I'm sick that I spent the money.  Don't spend yours on this.  There's another product sold here on Amazon called Carmichel's Cuticle Cream.  I've used that for 20 years or so and it does work.  I was experimenting again, and I should know better.  So I bought two little tubs of Carmichaels (or Carmichel's) and my nails are better again.  I just don't know how this brand stays in business.  They won't be getting mine again, that's for sure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Absolutely, a miracle nail cream from Barielle. Barielle's reputation stems from this outstanding nail strengthening cream that originally was created to condition the hooves of thoroughbred racehorses; the side affect being that the groomers also developed beautifully strong, peel and split free nails. My nails have always been prone to peeling and breakage. Ultimately, I made matters worse by opting to wear acrylic nails on and off in the past to cover up these issues. Thankfully, that craze is long over; and my nails have benefited ever since by using Barielle. Works well withBarielle Natural Nail Camouflage, .5 fl oz (14.8 ml)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought these awhile back and wrote a favorable review on them, but they seem to have become useless somehow. I used to get nice bouncy curls, but now the rollers don't hold heat and when I unroll my hair it comes out frizzy, fuzzy and kinky. I was shocked because they used to work so well. I've taken good care of my set, I never leave it on or forget to turn it off for long periods, and I can't imagine it wearing out so quickly, especially because I only use them maybe twice a week. I will not be buying another set, I think I'm going with the BabyLiss hot rollers this time.P.S. They only come with three clips."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product didn't work for me, but that's not to say it will not work for you. My issues with this product was that I burned my fingers each time I tried to put the roller in my hair, you only get a few clips with the product and they didn't work very well--At least they didn't work well for me. I gave this product away and even that person didn't want it. I may be a fan of some Conair products, just not this one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this hair curler set. I have purchased two of them now, one for each daughter. Both have long, thick hair and we find that it does an excellent job of providing just the right amount of curl for those occasions when you need it. It takes just a few minutes to heat up and the soft velvet lining on the rods make it less damaging to hair.The only thing I always hate is the clips! Even though there is a small case to hold them, sometimes they get lost!  Replacement clip sets would be much appreciated. I think the curler set contains just the right number of each size of roller -- even better though would be to have two ore large ones!!Recommended."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I curl my hair pretty frequently, I'm a fan of Old Hollywood style and have been on the lookout for a good pair of rollers for ages. I was hesitant to get Conair ones because most of my other cheaper hair supplies have been disappointing, but I read some good reviews and decided to go for it.So glad I did! These rollers are great, they get super hot and retain heat for forever. I have really thick heavy hair, but letting these rollers cool while in my hair ensures I have bouncy awesome curls for DAYS. Love them!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very fine hair that is determined to be straight.  I had a set of curlers that were starting to go out on me (they took 45 minutes to heat up and did not hold the curl).  I recently decided to replace it with the Conair Xtreme Instant Heat Hot Rollers, since I was interested in curlers that would heat up quickly.  They heat up just as quickly as they say.  They are incredibly hot and do a great job of putting in a curl that holds.  Like I said, I have the kind of hair that wants desperately to be straight, and my curl stays all day with these curlers.  They are fairly hot on the edges, but I have yet to find any curlers that won't be challenging to handle for more than a minute.  I would definitely recommend these to any of my friends."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I rarely ever return items because it's such a hassle. But this, is being returned immediately. The idea is actually very good- it has a side heater to heat up the clips as well as the rollers, a feature I've never seen before. However, the clips do not hold- at least not in my long hair. No matter how many times I tried, the rollers would always fall out within a few seconds. Even when I stayed completely still (very difficult when putting in the remaining rollers) they would still fall out. They never stayed in long enough for me to see how well the curlers worked."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Is plastic getting expensive?  Because the plastic that the hinged cover on this is made out of is SO THIN...I would describe it as \"fragile.\"  In fact, there's already a small crack on one side.The on/off switch was also faulty - I had to jiggle it back and forth to get it to turn on initially.  It would only stay on if I kept the switch positioned in the middle.This is by FAR the poorest quality set of hot rollers I have ever bought.I only gave it two stars because it DID heat up evenly, and the rollers themselves would be nice in a better \"house.\"Thank goodness the switch was faulty and part of it arrived cracked, since you can return defective items and not pay for the return shipping on Amazon!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Only one roller changes the color dot to show when heated and you have to heat the outer clips individually on the three spaces provided at the far right. So, if you need to use a particular size again that isn't the one with the dot, there's no way to tell if it's heated or not. Then you have to wait for one of the three clips to heat as well. It is weird!  It seemed to take a long time to heat up, though I didn't time it.This is an ok set, but I sure wouldn't rave about it. If not for the hassle, I'd return it.I just ordered another set that looks like the one I used to have with the U-shaped clips (BaByliss Pro) and hopefully it will be what I'm thinking it is."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "NOTE: After checking this out again at the store, the soap reviewed below is actually the BLUEBERRY soap by \"Clearly Natural.\"I wouldn't normally review a bar of soap--after all--what's there to review, but this bar is an exception. Perhaps the doors of perception will differ for others, but the jasmine soap has a peculiar odor.While usually a fan of Clearly Natural products, something went wrong here.  I think, frankly, that it smells like poop.  Seriously.  And that's not exactly the \"scent\" I want when taking a shower.  Another person in the family likens it to bathroom cleanser.  To each his or her own, but I recommend another soap \"flavor.\""}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this mask for a week. The results have been so impressive that I've been using it at least once per day and sometimes 2. My pores were not huge but they definitely made my skin look older. I can't believe it, the pores on my cheeks are almost completely gone. On top of that even the redness around my nose where I have broken capillaries looks much clearer. It has removed blackheads around my nose that I didn't realize were even there. My entire face looks better and discolorations have diminished. I feel like I've taken a couple years off my face in one week. It's amazing such a fantastic product is so reasonably priced. I will continue to use the product indefinitely. I highly recommend it to anyone with oily skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It helped made my pores smaller and make my face looked more clean. The mask does really dries out my face so I would have to use a good amount of moisturizer after. Another con is that it leaves a weird smell. It lingers for a couple of hours but you get use to it. I would recommend this mask to anyone who wants to have a clearer face and would use it maybe once per 1-2 weeks depending on how dry your skin easily gets. My skin is combination and once per week is enough for me. I don't really use it frequently as before now because it takes a while to squeeze it out of the tube and slather over your face evenly."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this mask for about 30 years now ..... If you have acne breakout this is a good product and it doesn't cost a fortune...I have tried other masks but keep coming back to this one.......my skin is no longer problematic ....my friends now  cant believe how great my skin is ......when I tell them my ups and downs with hormonal acne...thanks !!! queen helene!!!  I have no scars !!! I just found out amazon carries this product at such a great price!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I know this masque has a cult following in the beauty community, and that is what has inspired me to try it so many times over the years. My skin is very sensitive and while I have used dozens of other clay masques with no issues, the mint oil in this one sets my face on fire. I can't even keep it on for 60 seconds because it is so painful. There have been a few times where I toughed it out and ended up with red, angry, itchy, irritated skin that lasted for days afterwards. This has also caused me to break out, something I have never experienced with another masque. I think most people probably won't have any sort of reaction to this, but if you have sensitive skin I caution you to really think about whether this is a good product for you. At the very least, do a patch test before putting it over your whole face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this for several years now, probably bordering 6 years. The formula hasn't changed and if it did, I have felt no difference. For the price, this is amazing stuff. You can almost feel the crap being taken out of your pores. When you first apply it, there's a nice tingly, non-painful minty feeling.I use this as both a cleanser and a mask. Works fine either way. My only suggestion is that they find some way for the mask to roll off smoother. I would pay double for that. Right now, using it as a mask and washing it off is a pain."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Ive been using this since like the 6th grade (Im 26 now). I use it probably 1-2x a week and its amazing. It helps minimize pores and kill current pimples. Its very easy to use. I just put it on, go do the dishwasher or something and then take a shower and get it off. I take it off in the shower with water/soap and then follow it up with the mint julep facial scrub. When I get out of the shower my face is smooth, pores are reduced and my skin is glowing.The bottle lasts forever too!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this item a month ago when I got facial acne which I hasn't been getting for a while. I started with Ole Henriksen blemish serum (costs $45!), which didn't do anything on my acne after 3 weeks of use. I had to search online, and eventually found this magical mask. I have combination skin and I used it as a spot treatment overnight. My acne retreated after only a few days of use. I also used it as a mask once a week. My face is clean and acne free now. This product is so effective plus great price! Who says you need to pay more to get the job done?! Very happy with it! I wish I had known about it in the first place!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For once--a beauty product that actually DOES what it SAYS it does. In just one application, it dried up my t-zone oil slick, shrunk my pores (which are big enough in which to carry loose change), evened out my skin tone, and softened my skin to baby's butt softness. It even seemed to tighten my fine lines. The minty scent is truly refreshing (AND relaxing). The clay texture is soft, smooth, and feels nice going on--very therapeutic. Oh!...and it lasts forEVER....oh!..and it's inexpensive. OH..my God..............I love this stuff.Bottom line: Stop spending ridiculous amounts on more expensive brands with fancy packaging and get something in a butt-ugly package that actually works. Period."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "While I was waiting to get this product me (being impatient) went out and bought a knock off brand from a local store. I'd have to say so far the knock off brand worked better than this. I did not feel the face tightening effect other viewers had described with this product (though i did with the store bought brand) and this has caused me to break out in the most unpleasent of places on my face. Weird places like in between my eyes and eyebrows and forehead. Perhaps I will try again in the future but I am dissapointed in this product right now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this item not really knowing mud about it, just read up whatever it said on the tube. I decided to go ahead andbuy it.I LOVE LOVE LOVE this item. It feels very refreshing and cooling on the skin. Has a peppermint scent. However, not an overpowering one.Makes my face feel very smooth and clean after I take this off. I use this about 1-2 a week and i really enjoy it. Works wonderfully for me.I recommend this item if your looking for a refreshing masque, that will clean your face, and make you feel very refreshed!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this at a local store for just 3 dollars,and I wanted to know what the hype was about.Typically, I use more expensive products on my face,believing that they will do the trick, but I was proven wrong.Despite the low price of this, it works very well, and there is agenerous amount of it in the package. I recommend it, it stingsa bit, but really does what it says! I do also feel a bit of tightnessfrom it, but other than that, this is a great product and has a priceyou really can't beat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this face mask. After washing and exfoliating, I put this on and within 15 minutes it's ready to be wiped clean. I take mine off with a wet, hot wash cloth (gently) and reveal softer and smaller pored skin. No, it does not magically erase my pores or pimples but it does reduce them and my skin feels so smooth and clean without over drying.I have combo skin and I am 25, but now that I live in a humid climate... it gets oily quickly then what I'm used too. I use this mask once or twice a week. It's cheap and works better than some of the expensive masks I've wasted money on, plus you can buy it in most places where you also get your groceries. I will never stop using this. I follow with a light moisturizer that won't clog my pores. Always satisfied with this product...it never stops working after using it for years!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm a big fan of Queen Helene's masks for one particular reason: They're as effective as high end brands, and generally work. This mask in particular is great at evening your skin tone, and shrinking your pores if you use it regularly. I use it at least three times a week, and it makes my skin appear healthy and glowing. I'd also, recommend their other mask,Queen Helene Mint Julep Masque, 8 Ounce. It's an excellent mud mask, and its tingling sensation really makes me feel like it's deep cleaning."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product is as close to useless as it can get.  It's a waste of money.  First of all, it falsely advertises as  it doesn't \"peel\" anything.  Normally with a face masque of any kind, you will see a remarkable instant \"glowing\" or \"brightening\" of your skin because it deep cleans.  This product is too thin to be of any benefit.  It does not deep clean and the slightest bit of perspiration will immediately start to dissolve it.  After one tube, I would never buy it again and I do not recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This masque feels nice on your skin, but beyond that it had little benefit for me. It certainly didn't help clear my pores, in fact you could see the clay visibly clogging them even after I rinsed the masque off. If your skin is as oily as mine this will not take care of the oil much at all. I felt refreshed right after using it but within a few hours I was back to my normal level of oiliness. Overall, I'm not impressed. There are several other masques around this price point that work much better than this one for my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love the mint julep face mask from this brand, and I love how cheap these are. However, if you are looking for a mask that purifies and tightens skin, I find it ironic that the mint julep does a better job in these two categories that this one is especially for.When you put the mask on it is super flaky and the dry pieces get everywhere. Make sure to leave it on 5-10 minutes longer than it suggests. My skin felt softer and more moisturized, and I think this would be the better of the two for sensitive skin, but don't buy it to tighten."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like to switch up my beauty routine and usually mix fruit-based facials for myself, but I like mud as an alternative as well.This is a very good, cheap, basic product to use once a week. It will leave your skin feeling tighter and will give you a glow.I usually exfoliate my face and neck, then apply this for 30 minutes (yes, a little longer than recommended) and after washing it off, I use my night cream (Olay). That combination leaves my skin looking perfect for 3 days+.I recommend it for once a week use for normal to oily skin. If you have dry skin, this may make you feel a little too dry. I have used it on my body (dry skin), and I wouldn't use it there again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So as a guy, I never considered using any kind of facial stuff.  Well I was convinced to \"try\" a mud masque.  Let me tell you, in just one use, I could definately see an improvement.  If you never used a masque before, its not that bad of a feeling.  But when I was done I could see how my skin was more \"tight\"  the effects lasted for about 1 week.  I've done this masque 2 times since then and every time there is a dramatic imrpovement.  I'd recomend this product over the Green one.Queen Helene Masque, Mint Julep - 8 oz"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this mask. I have been using the expensive masks since I was early 20s. But this one is much better than the ones cost me over $80. My friends told me that I look younger than my younger sister now. hehe... I'm using it once a week, my skin tone is more even now and skin feels tighter too. I have been using the rose water as toner, they are great combination. Maybe the rose water is doing a good job too, I love them both."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to have extremely dry skin and everyone noticed, it was awful, i hated it so much. Finally a friend who also used to have dry skin recommended this product to me. She has a huge bottle of it at home and during the day she brings a small sample sized bottle of it with her in her purse and she let me try it. That afternoon i drove to the store to buy it.How did i live without it.My skin is no longer dry, its soft and i am so happy. Everyone now asks me now what product i used to get such soft skin. It Is Honestly Silk In A Bottle!!!! I highly recommend this product!!! If you try this product you wont regret it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I ordered this to try because most body washes irritate and dry  my super-sensitive skin.  This does the trick, it is very mild, and cleans without leaving your skin with that tight stripped feeling.  Nice, effective product at a good price. It is not heavily scented or as fancy as some other body washes, no bright colors or gritty beads, just a light natural scent (no added fragrance, which is  a big deal because fragrance is a major cause of allergic reactions) and an effective gentle body wash.  I highly recommend it, especially if you have sensitive skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really need a body wash for my very dry , itchy winter skin. The reviews lead me to purchase this one, but so far it has made no more difference than my other regular body washes. I don't get it's appeal. I think I will maybe try something with ceremides perhaps next time. There are limited choices for extra dry skin from what I can see. I don't think I will repurchase this aveeno not to mention it is NOT sulfate free and I think it's the sulfates that keep my skin so dry after a shower.."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Based upon the ingredient list alone with SLS as the fourth ingredient, I can't help but wonder why they call this \"skin relief\" and give this product 3 stars because Aveeno should know better. For those suffering with skin problems, steer clear of this drying, itch causing chemical detergent (also used in car washes!).Water, Glycerin, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Decyl Glucoside, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Flour, Glycol Stearate, Sodium Lauroampho PG Acetate Phosphate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, PEG 20 Glycerides, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Starch, PEG 150 Pentaerythrityl Tetrastearate, PEG 120 Methyl Glucose Trioleate, Propylene Glycol, Tetrasodium EDTA, PEG 6 Caprylic/Capric Glycerides, Quaternium 15, Coriandrum Sativum (Coriander) Extract, Elettaria Cardamomum (Cardamon) Seed Extract, Conmiphora Myhrrha Extract, SD Alcohol 39C, May Contain (+/-):, Sodium Hydroxide, Citric Acid"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm writing this review for my father who isn't very computer literate.  He spends a fair amount of time outside and suffers from terrible dry skin in the winter.  Though he wishes this worked even better, he says it's the only thing that works for him.He uses it as directed but also applies a layer to his skin after drying off and just leaves it there.  He's tried the various Aveeno lotions but says leaving this wash on is better for him.Personally, I've not had as good a luck with the Aveeno products as I have with applying pure sweet almond oil to areas that get dry while still wet from a shower and WEN by Chaz Dean's texture balm on dry skin (yes, made for hair but also works great on dry lips, noses and hands -- portable and smells amazing too!)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I picked the 3.5 oz (100g) tube of this product off the supermarket shelf for silly reasons: it was bigger than most hand creams there but it was small enough to fit into my purse.After using it for a few days, I noticed that my hands and especially fingers felt soft and slightly slippery even after rinsing with water. I happen to read the text on the back of the packaging: the second of a list of 4 bullets said \"Lasts through hand washing.\" Of course, if you use strong soap and really scrub, you do have to re-apply the lotion afterwards, but I noticed that even after washing out a glass using dish detergent, my fingers still felt somewhat moisturized. I do apply more lotion but I don't 'have to' every time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have suffered bad skin allergies and eczema for years.  I only use aveeno to soap my body with.  I don't think I am allergic to scented soap, but the benefit I know I get from Aveeno is that it keeps my skin moist (but not greasy), which is really important if you have eczema.  I also use Aveeno's eczema lotion to pair with this soap and together they keep my flare ups at bay.  I would give this a sixth star if possible because of the price here on Amazon.  It is nearly half the amount than the regular store!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only body wash we use in this house.  All four females LOVE IT!  It is great on even the most sensitive skin among us.  It is gentle but leaves us feeling clean and our skin is so soft.  I wouldn't even want to try anything else.  As far as the scent, well, there really isn't a scent in this product.  The other varieties from Aveeno (with fragrance) I have not liked.  So I use this one and then after I shower I use Bath and Body Works Cucumber Melon lotion for a nice light scent on the skin.  I really don't think you can find anything better, whether you have sensitive skin or not."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very dry skin after chemo and have tried so many OTC and even expensive prescriptions but this has worked the best for me.  It soaks in and I don't scratch.  I don't feel like I've got lotion layering on my skin.  I'm a picture so if I feel a bump or scratch or rub and it moves I unintentionally dig and this stuff has soaked in, a rarely scratch and then its usually about time for the evening application.  When I apply at night, even with the mild hot flashes it keeps me from scratching, a nice lubricating product that doesn't layer on top, it really soaks in.noknots"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My dog is getting older, and let's just say hygiene isn't her primary concern (or even a vague interest) anymore.  Her little girl parts get kinda gnarly as she doesn't clean herself.  I've used baby wipes and those sturdier microwavable disposable washcloths, but thought I'd try this.  It's OK.  I did end up rinsing it just because I didn't want the residue back there in case she decided to go all 'bikini line' licking in the vicinity (which she didn't- just sat down incredibly quickly as the air hit her wet backdoor).  I doubt I'll reorder it again for her, but I'll use up what I've got."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When our daughter had surgery last fall, she wasn't able to stand long enough to shower, and had gauze dressings that couldn't get wet.  I had been sponge bathing her, but her long hair desperately needed washing.  I picked up a bottle of this no-rinse shampoo at Walmart.I was able to massage it through her hair and then towel it dry, and get a comb through her matted hair.  It did remove most of the oil and made her hair smell better, although of course it wasn't as nice as an actual shampoo.  However, when you don't have a choice about being able to shower, this is a good option.  She felt better just having her hair somewhat clean and brushed after a week of lying there.I would recommend this if you are caring for someone who can't take a regular shower or bath, but wouldn't recommend it for a way to skip shampooing if you're able to shampoo."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried allot of these types of products (should mention I'm a hair stylist & can get many hair products at half price or less) & even the so called \"expensive brand named ones\" to me I hated. They all stunk & looked like I dumped a bottle of baby powder all over my hair. With allot of good reviews on here I decided to give this one a whirl. Loved it! Yes, you do have to lather it until your hair is pretty wet but it WORKS (for me anyways) & I have very fine/kind of oily hair. Sure beats washing it every day & styling it over & over each day. Not to mention doing that every day really drys out & damages it. This doesn't. I recommend it for sure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have fibromyalgia and there are days when even taking a shower is too much.  Raising my arms over my head for the amount of time it takes to shampoo and condition will make my arms ache for the rest of the day.  This No Rinse Shampoo has been a godsend!  On the days I really must shampoo (I can mist my hair the second and third day after I shampoo), using this is perfect.  It makes my hair fresh and scalp clean.  I don't know how it works without having to rinse it out, but it doesn't leave it feeling sticky or full of residue, either.  It gives me one extra day of rest and that's important for some of us!Tip:  I would shower and shampoo normally the day after using this, however."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This lipstick really stays on for a full day and probably longer if you don't take it off at night before sleeping. It also stays on coffee cups, spoons, etc. through a dishwasher cycle so check carefully when unloading the dishes to be put away or your house will look like a bad restaurant. I use Neutrogena eye make-up remover to remove it at night and I have read that some people use baby oil. If you want to go all day without worrying about your lipstick, this is the product for you. Sometimes I wonder what exactly is in it to make it stay on so long, but it's probably better for my peace of mind not to know."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I wear lipstick from the minute I get up until I go to bed.  I've tried many other kinds, but I always go back to this.  It's simply the best.  It's very long wearing and unless you eat something greasy, it stays on most the day.  The darker colors have more staying power.  The conditioner on one end has a glossy shine, but if you don't like that, let it wear off.  You will need it at first or your lips will feel dry.  After the gloss wears off, you probably won't notice it.  I don't.  I really like that it has no fragrance. The only thing I don't like, is I can't carry it in my pocket without it coming unscrewed."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this lip color for many years. I like the raspberry shade of pink, the ease of application, the long-lasting color that rarely needs a touch-up. It stays &#34;put&#34; and doesn't run into those lip creases we develop as we age.  My only complaint would be the frequency with which I have to buy the tubes.  Using daily, the color side of the tube honestly doesn't last more than 30-40 days for me.  I always end up with the clear gloss side being more than half full when the color side is empty.  I think more lip color could be gotten from the tube if the applicator was as long as the tube of color.  I always think there is more product at the bottom that I just can't get to with the provided applicator."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried a lot of lip products, but this is the only one I rave about. The color really lasts a long time - like, I'll put it on in the morning and it will still look great at the end of the day. Like I can eat, kiss, drink, and I'm still the only one wearing lipstick. Like, I'll still be wearing lipstick after a shower.It doesn't get stiff or cakey, and I can just add some gloss to freshen it up. The only things I've noticed is that it doesn't work well with Burt's Bees or other waxy lip balms - it can get lumpy if you use chapstick over it.  Gloss seems to be fine. Also, it can be a P in the A to get off at the end of the night, so often I will look extra terrible in the morning if I'm too lazy to scrub at it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For a lip gloss, the pigmentation and staying power is pretty great. Once it dries, it stays put and doesn't feel sticky (no more hair sticking to your lips on a windy day!).Just a head's up: it seems to form a plasticky coating on your lips that tends to peel/flake off, instead of just fade away. If I gently rub my lips together when wearing this, it literally forms little clumps that flake off. I wouldn't recommend this for people who tend to have dry lips. If that doesn't bother you, go ahead and give this a try."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have nothing bad to say about this product. It leaves your skin soft, healthy, moisturized,not greasy and with a very light scent of sunblock.I've been out in the sun a lot since I bought this product and I have yet to get a sunburn on my face even when the rest of my body gets sunburnt(have yet to find a good body moisturizer with SPF).And to make it even better, a little of this product goes a longggg way. The thin consistancy of the product makes it so I need just one small squirt to cover my face and neck, making the bottle last a long time which saves money :)My search for a facial moisturizer with SPF has come to an end with this product :) I love it :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I got this product from Walgreens and it serves all of my needs, it is fragrance free which is great because I don't even realize I have it on during the day (unlike other spf facial products!). It has a great consistency, not too thin and not too thick, so it keeps my skin moist. It is the perfect lotion - it is not greasy and doesn't make your skin look shiny. It doesn't emit fumes into my eyes even when I use it in my eye area. It does make your face a teeny bit whiter than it is because of the ingredients but it's not that noticeable if you spread it well and not leave smudges of it, so I'd definitely suggest checking the mirror after you applied it. Though other people said the pump isn't great and clogs, I never had that problem, the lotion comes out smoothly and easily, and I can put the right amount of pressure to get the right amount I want. I'm very satisfied with this lotion!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I usually use the Q10 w/o the spf and wanted to try the one with spf because I'm starting retin-A but they didn't sell it.. so I decided to give this one a try. I have pretty dry skin. It gets pretty flaky in the winter time so I need something that will moisturize deeply. This face moisturizer penetrates my skin to where it isn't flaky anymore yet it doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy/oily. I can wear it under make up and my skin looks super smooth all day. I'm also prone to ocassional break outs and haven't had any problems with them so I like this product a lot. Fragrance free is also a plus."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product feels okay on the skin but leaves a highly visible white film on the skin.  I'm not sure if it is apparent on other races but it is very noticeable on African American skin tones. It looks like I've applied cheap foundation shades too light on my face.I cannot wear it outdoors in front of people during the day (and I'm cheap! :) ) so I use it as my night time moisturizer before bed. Imagine using an SPF moisturizer only to bed...Will not repurchase once I've used it all."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I made the classic mistake of \"the fancier and more expensive the better\" when I was a dedicated Aveeno user. I thought my skin was moisturized and protected, but I didn't know what I was missing out on until I gave this a shot! For MUCH less money, I get double the SPF (unheard of to find a 30 spf face moisturizer at this price!!) and fewer breakouts because of the minimal additives (fragrances/skin \"brighteners\" read= literally GLITTER!)It leaves my skin soft without being oily and never feels tight or greasy after using. Now, I can slather this stuff on in the morning without wondering if I'm truly protecting myself from the sun and before bed without worrying about gross pimples popping up overnight!My mom was right - she always had Eucerin products around when I was a kid, and I've found out now for good reason! I hope they never stop making this stuff. It's done wonders for my skin and doesn't break my already tight budget."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is my go-to moisturizer. It's light (maybe a little too light for winter if you get really dry skin), and it has 30 spf which many doctors recommend nowadays.  Given the 30 SPF, this is by far the cheapest facial lotion I've seen here or anywhere else.  It absorbs well into my skin, does NOT smell strongly of sunscreen or anything really, and the pump dispenser is pretty good (though if you are a vigorous pumper it will look like something... gross and white... got squirted on you). The little plastic cap is good quality  --- it has never cracked on me like some other bottles. Even after months of use, it seems to treat my acne kindly, which is to say it doesn't really have an effect on it either way. Best of all though, this lotion never stings even if I get it close to my eyes.My only complaint is I wish they made 3oz bottles so I could take this on a plane."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only sun screen moisturizer that I can find that features the physical combination of zinc oxide and titanium dioxide to provide true broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection without potentially harmful chemicals with adverse effects (like oxybenzone and octinoxate, which interfere with reproductive hormones and metabolism). Unlike chemical agents, physical agents are not susceptible to being absorbed into the skin after they are broken down by the sun. The product initially has a white tint, as if it doesn't have very good consistency, but this fades away within several minutes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I HATE using sunscreem.  Positively hate it!  It feels and smells gross and makes my skin break out, but I absolutely had to start using it recently because of another skin product I began using, so I decided to give the Eucerin Protective Lotion a whirl.The Eucerin is by far the best sunscreen/-block I have found. I've tried Neutrogena and countless other mineral/sensitive skin sunscreens, and hated them all, but the Eucerin disappears on my skin better than most mineral sunblocks, has very little odor, and has caused no break outs, even during exercise.  I think it does a decent job of moisturizing when used on its own, but I do usually mix it with my  day cream, which probably reduces its SPF a bit, but it's not been a problem, and I'm really happy with the product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin, plus have sun photosensitivity. I've been using this sunbloc for a number of years as a daily face lotion. To make it completely sunproof and long lasting, I use ColorScience sunbloc powder (colorless All Clear, which you can get on the internet) over it and know I am completely protected for an entire day of normal indoor/outdoor activities. (I wouldn't rely on it for waterbased activities or heavy duty sports activities.)Some reviewers have mentioned that it leaves a white film on their faces. It does, but that's not a negative and you shouldn't rub it in to eliminate the film for it is the film that protects you from harmful rays. I always get compliments on my complexion and questions about what makes my skin look so translucent and youthful. The secret is that white film which actually looks attractive if you put a dusting of Colorscience or any regular translucent powder, plus a little powder blush over it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I live in a very sunny desert area, and this lotion has worked great as my daily UV protection.  Does not make your face look greasy, and has no scent, so folks cannot even tell I have it on.  When I used it in a more humid environment, however, it did sweat off into my eyes fairly readily. So not recommended as your primary protection for sports or swimming, and be ready for it to sweat off and sting your eyes in more hot and humid climes.  But for drier areas, works great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's okay. It moisturizes. It feels a bit oily but that might just be my skin. It is light which I like. Also, I like the bottle because one pump is exactly how much I need. However, it smells like a sunscreen. Also, It looks and feels like a sunscreen to some extent. It is not a real problem, but I don't especially like it particularly because, like sunscreen, it leaves your face tinted white before it settles it . I'll probably try something different when I'm done with these two bottles. The only good thing about the sunscreen likeness is that it is SPF 30 which is really good, however; I'm not sure whether I should reapply it after 2 hours of being in the sun like most sunscreens or just leave it. I wouldn't recommend it unless you're looking for a sunscreen."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Overall, it sits on my skin and I wouldn't be able to put makeup over it because it doesn't absorb into my face.  My face ends up looking sweaty even though I haven't broken a sweat!  The product also has a strong chemical smell like a very cheap sunscreen.  It is also drying, which is weird for a moisture lotion.  If you sweat while wearing this, you will get white streaks on your clothing and face.I've kept this bottle for only one reason and that is to use it if I run out of the good stuff and that isn't often.  I guess you get what you pay for.  This is cheap as in price and in quality.  I highly recommendAveeno Smart Essentials Daily Nourishing Moisturizer, 2.5 oz.over this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first read THE PROPHET in college back in the 60's. The book had a revival as did anything metaphysical in the turbulent 60's. It had a profound effect on me and became a book I always took with me. After graduation I joined the Peace Corps and during stressful training in country (Liberia) at times of illness and the night before I left, this book gave me great comfort. I read it before I married, just before and again after my children were born and again after two near fatal illnesses. I am always amazed that there is a chapter that reaches out to you, grabs you and offers both comfort and hope for the future.Gibran offers timeless insights and love with each word. I think that we as a nation should read AND learn the lessons here. It is definitely a time for thought and reflection this book could guide us through."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I discovered The Prophet fifty years ago in college and have read it dozens of times since then.  Now, in addition to my beat up hard copy, I have a portable e-copy.  If you were looking for an example of an intelligently designed (pun intended) book of spiritual guidance, this would be it.  It doesn't care how you picture, name or define &#34;God&#34; or whether you give him a gender and a personality.  It just cuts to the heart of how to live and how to relate to others.  If Jesus and the Buddha teamed up to write a book, it might come out like this.When I first read it, I found some passages difficult to grasp.  Looking back, I now think that it was not because they were hard to understand, but because I did not want to hear gently spoken, intelligently phrased ideas that contradicted my own.  Now, if I could have only one book, this would probably be it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the best, most inspiring philosophy/poetry books ever written!  I have read it over and over, though never tire of it.  It is a great reminder for what's most important in life and puts everything in perspective.  My favorite 'chapters' are Love, Marriage, Children and The first look. I am a romantic though, so the other chapters may appeal to you more....;-)  Absolutely classic and timeless.  Perfectly stands the test of time. My personal copy is from 1948 and is one of my favorite treasures."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is Gibran's most celebrated work and it is so with goodreason.  It is a profound insight and expose into the human characterand the emotions that work within the heart and soul.  Humble words,seared with the heights and depths of love and of pain, this is a life-changing arrangement of words.  If I had to sum the book up in one word, it would be &quot;SUBLIME.&quot; If you're picking up this title, be sure to order Gibran's 'The Beloved' to go along with it. These are books that deserve a worthy and permanent place on your bookshelf."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Intrinsically, this book utilizes a flowing a cleaver way to express the ideological interpretations of the author. While, personally, I found nothing profound in the ideologies expressed in the book, I did find it, simply a pleasure to read. Even with the lack of philosophical epiphany, the style of the book in its fluid manner, the parallel structure of the chapters, and the brevity combined with the larger font in the piece, leave the reader, whether they agree with the philosophies therein or not, in a state of solemn peace and the feeling that they have not wasted their time. As, really, they probably have not, it really did not waste my time anyway; it only took a little over an hour to read (with breaks)."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was great; each chapter was a nugget of wisdom, resulting in a treasure trove by the end. It's no wonder this book is called a classic. Gibran uses a literary style inspired by the Bible, but it is still easy to read. Has a lot of philosophical ideas that I'm sure I will revisit in the future. Seems like one of those books that you learn something new every time you reread it. Definitely recommend, especially for anyone new to philosophy reading because it is short and easy to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A decade past, I knew very little about the writer/artist/poet/prophet, Kahlil Gibran. I am happy to say, that today, I am well acquainted with his work. The Prophet was the first book I read written by Gibran, and ever since that first reading I have immersed myself in his extraordinarily consummate skill of exquisitely crafted words. To say the Prophet or any other writings by Kahlil Gibran is simply fine literature is to say the mysterious of the soul are mediocre. I recommend that if you have not touched upon any of Kahlil Gibran's books, that you consider the Prophet as a good start. You will not be disappointed. A few other extraordinary works of art by Gibran: The Voice Of The Master; The Beloved; Sand And Foam; The Broken Wings; Between Night And Morn; The Earth Gods; and one of my personal favorites, though not so much a \"story,\" but rather a collection of personal letters to dearly beloved friends: Kahlil Gibran: A Self-Portrait."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The prophet by Kahlil Gibran is a very beautiful, inspiring writing which really resonated within me, it felt as truth. I feel that with good patience and deep contemplation, this book can lead you to a profound understanding of your own life and all others around you.I first read about Kahlil Gibran in a book calledThe Lost Teachings of Atlantis. That book answered all my spiritual questions about the meaning of Life, who and what we are and more in a very easily understandable manner and all of it corresponds with the writing of Kahlil Gibran. I HIGHLY recommend reading that book also."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jubran Kahlil Jubran had a teacher make a mistake on his name and wrote down 'Kahlil Gibran' as when he arrived here from Lebanon which was still part of the Ottoman Empire he went by Gibran Kahlil Gibran. His poetry is as timeless as his view towards life and the world at large - everyone was his friend! One passage  &#34;Half of what I say is meaningless, but I say it so that the other half may reach you&#34; was used by John Lennon in the white album on a tune called &#34;Julia &#34;."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When Gibran was first introduced to me, I had definite doubts that his work would be the ordinary, grab a dictionary sort of read. But when you first open to those sections that apply to you, and listen to the words as they roll off of your tongue and dance in your ears, well, shock is the only word for it. Yes, the ideals and beliefs that he expresses in 'The Prophet' may not be anything new as far as philosophy is concerned, but the perfect blend of brilliant poetry and this simple philosophy come together to make something that is indeed, unique. I've purchased countless copies to the ones that I know will love and understand his words. And if for nothing else, Kahlil's work can be labeled as truly, a literary work of art."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is almost as if Kahlil Gibran took the pains and joys of millions of people and somehow managed to encapsulate all these wonders in this one book.  In his own unique manner, Gibran has explored every facet  of human existence.  Although the book has a sacred charm to it, there is a  universal appeal that should allow anyone of any religious persuassion  enjoy this gem of a book. I wouldn't be surprised if a few hundred years  from now some theologians unearth this book and conclude that it was a  bible of our times."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Residing in my mind are the words of a true poet.  I was given the book THE PROPHET by my best friend when I was young.  It has followed me through my life and has filled me with the emotions and practical thought I needed to guide me through the smooth and rough waters of my life.  I gave this copy of Kahil Gibran's book to a young lady with the hope she will enjoy it the rest of her life.  Thank you Amazon for having this wonderful work of art available to all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was given this book by a writer friend who called it &quot;the most beautiful book I've ever read.&quot; So, since she and I have similar literary tastes, I was inclined to read it. This little book, written in a rich, colorful, deep, and wise poetic style, is full of some of the most moving and impressive spiritual phrases and messages I've ever read. It was written in 1923 but its poetry and wisdom are timeless.David Rehakauthor of &quot;Poems From My Bleeding Heart&quot;"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is poetic myth,a work of beauty,whose every word drips a truth,and a thought of knowledge.Reading it is like swimming in realitybut a reality I have not known,till now.Kahlil Kahlil Gibran knew something we did not,he shared a bit of the wonder of simplicity.Though this is merely the preaching of a Prophet,Gibran is able to turn it into story,and I feel from the gut for all the characters.The Prophet is unsurpassed in form,in content best when speaking of beauty,in ways I had never known,and weakest when speaking of prayer.Certainly Gibran relies on the story of Jesus,and throughout there are allusions to his wordsand actions.But this is a new prophet,who speaks the words of old,though it be in new wineskin."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), the Lebanese-American poet and mystic never wrote anything finer than this 1923 volume, his masterwork. Had he written nothing before or beyond THE PROPHET, he would still be remembered into perpetuity.Each brief chapter of THE PROPHET addresses an aspect of the human condition, including Love, Marriage, Work, Pleasure, Buying and Selling, Children, Eating and Drinking, to name but a few. Gibran espouses no particular religious, ethical or moral system, and yet includes them all in this slim tome, written it seems, with a quill of light, not ink.A Higher Power (by whatever name you may call it) spoke through Gibran in the writing, a perfect letter to the ages, and an ultimate expression of Humanity."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book takes different themes such as work, love, etc. and poses them as questions that a community asks a wise man, who seems to be spirit talking. He is a man who is not so much of a religious base but more filled with a love of nature finding peace and depth through sensory and embracement of all dark and light. He is a person who has freedom in all areas of his life and learns from all things and all moments because of his openess and aliveness. He wants all people to gain awareness from their path thru eternity. This can be read in a variety of ways coming from each person's belief system. I read this when I was in a state of loss, loss of so much. This book can bring understanding and a shift in consciousness at least for a spell of time. It can expand who you are while you process and integrate his writings. I most definately recommend this book, for all people on their journey in whatever space they are in on their path of life."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Since I first read The Prophet when I was a teenager I have had a copy by my side.  It is a gift of such value in comprehending the depth and meaning of this wonderful Life in its beauty of every relationship that engages us.  Be it work, parenting, eating, death or love, Gibran paints word images of such divine and exquisite loveliness that, once read, will change the reader's perspective forever.  It is a book to refer to again and again as life unfolds and offers new opportunities for spiritual growth and awareness.It is a book I have given as a gift to many young people as they grapple with the frustrations and distortions of an often incomprehensible outer world.  It is a book of beautiful truths and a map to our own seeking souls.  I particularly love this edition which includes Gibran's original drawings."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have been reading The Prophet every year for over a decade. Or intending to. It's an incredible read. If I'm having issues in my life, I read the section that relates to my problem and it helps clarify things somewhat. It is a divinely inspired piece of work, and can be read in one setting. There is pretty much nothing that he doesn't cover in the book that can't be related to your own life. I bought the ebook version so I could have easier access. It's a book for everyone."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first became aware of Kahlil Gibran when I read a poem of his that was on the menu at my favorite Lebanese restaurant. Ever since then, I have sought out his books.  The Prophet is my favorite.  Several of the  &quot;poems&quot; or passages are fully relevant to parts of my life.  The  book makes one feel good and inspired to do good for others.  There is  barely an aspect on life that the poems do not touch on-love, marriage,  death and all of our own insecurities and doubts about people and life.  This would be a good book to give to a friend who is going through a rough  time, or just has unanswered questions at a certain point in their lives.  The writing is lucid, insightful, and will be relevant for as long as time  goes on.The drawings add to an already great work.  At my favorite Lebanese  restaurant, I not only found good food-I thankfully found Kahlil Gibran."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Gibran wrote the ultimate way of seeing life and living in it. the importance of each relationship. The book was written to be relatable to every reader, all the subjects are mondain. The availability of this book is a great advantage that I don't think people are aware of. It's an hour long to read, but a lifetime to understand, if you read it you'll remember it in every new life matter or relationship.Buy it and keep it on the shelve for reference, it's an answer to everything. and read it carefully."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was given to me as a gift before I journeyed overseas on a  spiritual quest to &quot;find myself.&quot; I never got a chance to read it  until one month after I was there and I had lost my job, my relationship  was very unsteady, and being so far form home, I felt completely isolated.  After skipping around the book and reading sections that immediately  pertained to me at that point, I cried, not out of sadness, but out of  enlightenment...Gibran wrote his experiences,and his thoughts on life, but  they are such detailed poetic accounts, it applies to everyone at some  time, his writings have layers, and therefore this book can be read many  times over, and each time a new understanding will come. &quot;Your pain is  the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding...&quot;"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My intention here is to comment on the quality of this reading, rather than the timeless content, the quality of which is well known.I very much enjoyed Paul Sparer's reading. I found his rich bass voice and eloquent style ideal for Gibran and very pleasing to listen to. Unlike another reviewer, I was not at all distracted by the music; in fact, I barely noticed it. Taste in such things is a personal issue, and for what it's worth, this reading very much suits my tastes."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Here is a book that will get your spiritual side working again.  This book subscribes to no particular religion(s), but gives much to reflect upon.  This is a short book.  It will only take you around an hour or so to read it.  But if you want to take a break from the hectic day-to-day lives we lead and think about the deeper meanings of life, this book is for you.  It's the story of a prophet that comes to a town and gives the townspeople his wisdom.  They ask him questions about life, and he gives them deep spiritual answers.  Simple concept, great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As he (the \"prophet\") awaits the ship that will return him to his home country after fourteen years of being absent, he begins providing answers in colorful parables to questions raised by the occupants of the city he has temporarily made his home.  We follow this spiritual man as the loving townspeople seek him out for wisdom.  There is ultimately great sadness when he departs.I would describe these writings as poetic, philosophic prose for daily spiritual living.  There are many sound words, with a relaxed style, and a somewhat universalistic belief.  It is okay.Lord's blessingsScott"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Pure mastery in words revealing the essence of life. Very simply, this book speaks to everyone. It doesn't matter who you are or what you believe. It brings tears to me each time I read it, because if your mind is open, you will achieve a feeling of higher existence upon completion of your reading. I hope you will take that understanding and infuse it within all you do.I also recommend listening to Richard Harris' reading of this book, though it may be out of print these days."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If I have ever read a book that is timeless, other than the Word of God, it would have to be this one.  Although I may not have agreed with every word written, so many of the words of wisdom within these pages brought peace and comfort to me.I read this book many, many years ago.  I quoted from it at times and thought of it often. The words seemed to wrap themselves around your heart and spring out in times of need. There are not many books that can stake that claim, and I have read many.A classic in my opinion and a book that will never be outdated.Recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Have you ever read a line, first you feel the language is beautiful and next a thought, even a reality hits you? And even after you have finished, the message keeps playing on and on in your mind? Well, this book is one of them (if you have luckily found other books by other author).It is the exploration of self, soul, community, nature, and universe. No matter what religion you hold, from where you came or who/what you are. This is a book for every human being to know and keep in perspective what they are doing everyday."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I turn to The Prophet for perspective whenever life gets distorted and seems to be on its own track. This book offers poetic and visionary commentary on some of the most vital points of living, and does so in a creative, thought-provoking way. I first learned of Kahlil Gibran and The Prophet during a sermon at a Unitarian Universalist church, and I ran to get the book. It's occupied an important place on my bookshelf ever since. It helps me realize that life is a process, and letting go is a big part of moving forward. It also reminds me to be mindful of how I think about and interact with the world. It keeps things in perspective. The Prophet is an inspirational read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Beautiful, wholly accessible, brought tears to my eyes.  As graceful as Jesus' parables must have been when freshly spoken, without the distortion of time and culture and multiple translations.  The Prophet had been on my list of \"oh yeah, I've heard about it and probably should read it one day\" books.  A friend's recommendation bumped it from there into my Kindle.  This is the book that motivated me to learn how to underline and save notes, the Kindle equivilent of dog-earing my favorite parts.  (Somehow less satisfying than a dog-ear, but really easy to retrieve later.)Other books that have made it from the list to my shopping cart sit largely unread because they are just too much work.  I probably won't read Don Quixote, for example, until I'm sitting on the Spanish Med and polishing my classic Spanish.  Easy AND good for you.  How perfect is that?"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'd heard so much about Bainbridge...how she has been nominated (and overlooked) for the Booker five times...how her short novels are beloved by a cultish following. So I grabbed Master Georgie while on a business trip  and buried myself in its atmosphere. I don't think I've read anyone like  her. One of the reviewers here compared the experience to browsing through  a collection of photos, and that is true. Somewhat frustrating, though, is  that - as with aged photographs - you never quite get the feeling that you  know these characters or have their full stories. Maybe if Beryl Bainbridge  were sitting alongside me to fill in the gaps. Nevertheless, I'm ready to  plunge into another Bainbridge and am curious to know if anyone else has  favorites."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The news of the death of Beryl Bainbridge last year made me want to read books by a very accomplished writer. In our book club we chose to read Master Georgie.This was a great disappointment. We should have asked for advice on what books to read. The book was nominated for the Booker prize in 1998, but did not win the award.While there is an interesting historical episode as the background, and there were different viewpoints, the reader never feels that this is a book that must be read. At times it seemed disjointed. There were narratives from different characters, but that style did not feel the gaps. Different narratives normally means the reader gets an insight into an event from different perspectives. This did not happen.So need to read other books to appreciate the greatness of Beryl Bainbridge"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finished this book as fast as I could. I felt the author was on another wavelength to the reader. I didn't care that the story was about this Georgie fellow. He seemed peripheral and the written perspective on him  oblique. The writing was good and I may try some other of the authors works  but the plot was feeble. Try Pat McCabe's breakfast on Pluto for energy and  a raw story or Ian McEwan's Amsterdam for a page turner with a plot of some  interest. Thumbs down for this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It is amazing how some writers can blather on for hundreds of pages and yet be barren of memorable phrase or image, yet how a select few demonstrate the maxim of &quot;less is more.&quot;  Beryl Bainbridge and  her most recent novel Master Georgie surely fall into this latter category.  Each chapter in this short (190 pages) novel takes its title from a  picture illustrating its contents.  This is an effective technique, as the  photographic image provides both a jumping-off point for Bainbridge's  particular scene and narrator (the novel is given from several points of  view) and a framing device for the scene. I look forward to more of her  fiction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Without a doubt, IMHO, this book has got to be one of the best ever done on the last book of the Bible and how those thing written there relate to other prophetic books of the Bible (Especially the book of Daniel) and history. It is beautifully written and has many detailed charts and pictures. What is really cool is to realize this book was done in the early 1900's, before The Jewish people went back home and reclaimed the land God promised them. I loved this book and it confirmed the truth found within the Bible. RMS"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "How people can make these types of mistakes is beyond me. There appears to have been no editor or proofreading before putting this up for sale and apparently no quailty control measures on Amazon's part. The problems:1. 4,500 locations or 450 pages are missing. This ebook is 500 locations or 50 pages.2. The reviews posted on the &#34;Kindle Store&#34; were clearly for the hard copy version3.  This &#34;book&#34; give a page or two &#34;outline&#34; of a topic. Example- there is no information detailing the seven churches like in the hard copy version just a 2 page turn &#34;outline&#34; saying the Book of Revelations speaks about seven churches.4. Complete information is just missing. The table of content looks consistent with the hard copy version yet once you spend $3.99 to buy it and click on a TOC link subtiles are not there.5. This ebook is just a very brief overview of what is in the Book of Revelations and what is in Larkin's actual book.I will be getting a refund from Amazon."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "ISBN 0394826922 - I'd already read and reviewedI'll Teach My Dog a Lot of Words (Bright & Early Board Books(TM))when this, the unabridged version, fell into my lap. While I think the shorter, abridged version is a great introduction, this is what you want those little readers building up to!A young, faceless, pet owner plans to teach his dog 100 words, impressing the entire town - including the mayor. Simple words like \"walk\" and \"beg\" are only the beginning of the plan. He also intends to teach him \"stand on Uncle Abner's thumb\" and \"paint the road from here to there\"... Plans, however, are one thing; getting started is quite another.Author Michael Firth is fantastic, as usual, with simple language made extraordinarily fun. P. D. Eastman's illustrations are perfect - they're fun and funny and complement the text. Kids will laugh and learn and that, to be honest, is who we're really interested in teaching!- AnnaLovesBooks"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoy reading these books with my 2YO. The words are short, the illustrations are entertaining and the story doesn't drag on to bore him. He is able to turn the pages and tell me the story by just looking at the pictures! He is especially fascinated by the animals- goose, moose, mouse, pig...and always giggles at &#34;kick the stone&#34;- for whatever reason. Lol.I am completely happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend this as an addition to any toddler's bookshelf!If you do buy this and it's a hit, consider alsoGo, Dog! Go!Are you my mother?Big Dog, Little Dog"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Beginning with &quot;The first six words I'll teach my pup are 'dig a hole' and 'fill it up.'&quot;  this book is absolutely hilarious.  I had never heard of it before my son came along, but it is one of his favorites  and mine.  It is whimiscal, clever, and just plain fun:  &quot;have a care,  don't paint the mayor.&quot;  The cadence and flow of the words are  masterful.This nugget will surprise you.  I hope you enjoy it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book as a child and now I love it for my own daughter.I have vivid memories of a time when I could just newly read and barely count ...staying up well past my bedtime, writing down all the words that were new to the dog (i.e. not counting \"a\" more than once) and trying to count them to see if the book really had 100 words (it did!).  It was that engaging.  I remember it took me hours, and then when my mom caught me still awake, I lied and told her I had just woken up.The point in that is that as a small child, I found this book so intriguing that I was reading, writing, and counting for fun, well past my bedtime.  As an adult, I love the wit.  As a parent, I love that I get to share the childlike love for it all over again.This is such a fun book with real learning potential too.  Love it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This Book is funny and is full of B words, like \"big brown bear, blue, bull, beautiful baboon....\"  Another B phrase is added each time so by the end it's a long phrase.  There is a surprise at the end for a sad Baby Bird.  (my daughter dictated that paragraph)This isn't Berenstain Bear family book, with Mama, Papa, Sister and Brother but is a celebration of an important letter.  It's fun to read out loud with a swingy feel to it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is quite funny.  Especially when you read it fast as I'm always requested to do.  How fast can you read, \"big brown bear, blue babboon, beautiful babboon blowing bubbles, biking backward, bump black bug's banana boxes...\" And and it goes from there!  It's really fun to read aloud and plus it's easy for little ones to memorize.  A very cute book, and a very easy way to teach the letter 'b'.  Great book - ours gets taken to bed!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "&quot;The Berenstain Bears on the Moon,&quot; by Stan and Jan Berenstain, is one of the best in the authors' excellent series of children's books. In this installment, Brother and Sister Bear, accompanied by their excitable pet dog, take a rocket trip to the moon and back.Although the book's primary purpose is entertainment and literacy education, the Berenstains do get some of the science right. The portray the gravity-free environment of the space ship's interior during the voyage, and they also show that the gravity on the lunar surface is much less than that on Earth.The book is illustrated in the typically appealing Berenstain Bears style. Particularly fun is the orange, green, and purple-colored rocket ship used by the intrepid space travelers. And the rhymes are equally fun. Example: &quot;Two little bears / and one little pup. / They are off to the moon, / going up, up, up!&quot; This irresistible adventure tale is definitely a high point in a beloved book series."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Although Amazon advertises this book for ages 4-8, my wife and I started reading this and other Stan and Jan Berenstain books to our children from 18 months and up. Always a delight, our kids would laugh at the silliness while learning a lesson about life. We started a great habit of reading two or three books before bed, and the kids loved them. Soon, they would memorize many of the phrases, beginning a lifelong passion for reading.Every kid should experience reading books by the Berenstains while growing up. The characters are well developed, the rhyming phrases help kids become enthusiastic about reading, and the messages about life make them think.  Bears On The Moon got my son and daughter asking questions about space and interested in the great beyond.  Combine this with other fun Berenstain Bear books and your kids will sit enthralled as you turn the pages. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A beautiful book. So wonderfully written that savoring the words was a joy, never mind the sensitive yet powerful story. Though the topics -- deafness, World War One -- suggest a very grim work, it ends up being a powerful affirmation of life.This book deserves to be much more widely known than it is; it's an excellent example of how even good books deserve ample promotion, as I think that it's a lot better than some major recent best-sellers. I was pleased to see in a bookstore recently that it's won an award."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It is only March and I have already voted this book for my Book of the Year Award, which I normally select toward the end of the year.  This book was beautifully written.  You could see the human emotions coming through the characters and it made me want to keep turning the pages to see what was going to happen.  You feel both sorrow and joy in the characters.  Frances Itani knows the human heart and displays it so well on paper.  Great job!  I am going to make this book a part of my permanent library."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Most of us don't know what to eat anymore with all the marketing out there, this book touches on a lot of subjects, I suppose it would be hard to go in-depth and keep the book under 500 pages.  I enjoyed it, you can read it bit by bit and look for certain information or you can go cover to cover.  An easy read.  It doesn't answer all my questions but at this point, I don't think anything will :)Also - fast shipping and a great price."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am continually puzzled by the publishing industry's \"prizes.\"  This book takes up an astonishing amount of shelf space in book stores.  Cover to cover there is nothing in it.  It is like reading a cut and paste book.  The characters are thin, flavorless, cliched, sleep-inducing.  The same with the dialogue.  I am still trying to determine what the author's purpose was, unless it was to bore us to tears (those would be the only tears shed).  I felt like it was written by an automaton, someone who does not care about the craft of writing but thinks she is precious.  There is no strength to the story or the sentences.  I actually felt insulted by this drivel.Read The Deptford Trilogy, by Robertson Davies.  Now there is a circus story you won't forget."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was the first ever book that i had read, when i first got my kindle. To put it simply it a good nice read. The story line is nice the characters are well developed and have strong qualities. Really theres nothing i could put in words what this book mad me feel. Thats what i look for in a good book. How the story makes me feel how the characters an i respond emotionally towards on an other. When i read i feel as i the story comes to life. And thats what i got out of this book the story came to life so freely and beautifully and th characters showed so muh emotian so much heart that what really made it special. So do yourself a favor and read this book"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't sure about this book after some of the reviews, etc. I guess the whole circus thing wasn't of interest to me, and so I put off buying this title for months. But last week, I gave in when it was listed at a phenomenal price. And I have to say, I loved it!It is by far the best thing I have read on my Kindle. Exciting, romantic, adventurous and slightly sorrowful at times. The characters were unforgettable. I adore Jacob at age 21 (and age 93) and he is a wonderful protagonist. This book is about circus life and the tragedy of a young man, but it is a love story as well. It is also filled with creatures great and small. So would I recommend this? Yes... because Water For Elephants is fabulous."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am very interested in the time period of this story and setting. I am refreshed by their hard times, their often cruel lives and how they could even make it from day to day. There was one moment early in the book, I almost laid it down and didn't pick it up for it was so oppressive to me. I am an avid animal lover so I felt a double punch to the gut. Yes, I cried. Overall, it was a journey, through hard times...but you know what? They made it, and will continue."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Since I've never written a review on Amazon, you can bet it would take one heck of a book to get me to do it. Water for Elephants is that book. I buy a LOT of books, and with most of them I'm left feeling dissatisfied. But with this book I read it over a weekend and just tore through it. Solid writing, thorough research, believable characters, and a great story. I just love this book! As a fan of HBO's Carnivale, it reminded me a lot of that series, but make no mistake, this is NOT a derivative work. I'm just hoping that Gruen will return to this universe in the near future and give us another installment."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have not seen the movie and was not sure how I'd like a book about the circus but a lot of people recommended this novel and it got great reviews so I gave it a try. It was beautifully written with vivid imagery. How could you not fall in love with Jacob? How could you not be enterained with the stories about the circus? How could you not be enthralled with Marlena and Jacob's secret love? I really enjoyed reading it, in fact I could not put it down and it only took me a week to read it. I think this is a story anyone could enjoy, and the author did an amazing job with her research about everything from the circus to the prohibition. The parts about the old man got kind of depressing but there was a happy ending for all at the end. Highly recommended. Lovely read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I understand some of the criticism, but does a book have to be a literary masterpiece to be immensely enjoyable?  The overwhelming positive reviews explain why not.It is well researched, but maybe the plot stretched a bit too far at times and low quality dialogues have taken away from the book's otherwise star quality.The depression era was well represented, gave a good realistic feel of the troubled times and the people.  Circus setting was pure genius, and made it so interesting.Overall, it is a very enjoyable book, very readable."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "In addition to writing an engaging story that offers a glimpse into a fascinating world foreign to most of us, Ms. Gruen shows herself to be a master \"architect\" with this novel, crafting a story that flows seamlessly between two radically different eras in her protagonist's life. The book starts with a flashback, so you know at some point it's going to bring us back to the opening scene. But Ms. Gruen does so in such a surprising and unexpected way, with a twist that left my jaw on the floor. It's not an exaggeration to say I was stunned.With Riding Lessons and Flying Changes, Ms. Gruen proved she was capable of writing good commercial fiction.With Water For Elephants, she proves herself capable of writing a great American novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book when it first came out, because of the exceptional reviews I read.  I have never finished this book.  I started it, shelved it, read three books, went back to it and I just could not foster up enough interest to continue reading.  The story line is uninteresting and the characters were dull. I finally accepted that I would not likely ever to read it; so I tried to sell the book back to the store. The book store did not accept it because this item was not moving from the shelves!  It was definitely not worth the money I spent on this item."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "and take a look at &#34;behind the scene&#34; of a &#34;train&#34; circus from a long ago era.  The book appears to be impeccably researched and the author has drawn on some stories that contribute to the books entertainment value and poignancy.Earlier reviewers have already provided a look into the plot so no need to reiterate.  I devoured the book in about three days and place it in the top 10 books read within the last year.  I found the characters, both human and animal, brought vividly to life and in a way that really made me care about them.  The ending might be a bit of a stretch for some but somehow so very appropriate.  Water for Elephants is definitely worth the time to read, imho."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed this book.  I had seen the movie first, and had great expectations for the book.the only negative thing i have about it was the terrible editing it was like it was hurried onto the kindle, or the software had a bug in it - lots of the letter \"i\" missing from the middle of words, every time the word \"thanks\" was written it was missing the \"h\" (tanks).  also lots of 1/2 and 1/4 in the middle of sentences for nothing, and sometimes numbers replaced letters or vice versa.Apart from navigating through annoying roadbumps of typos, the actual story itself is quite touching.there is also a lot of differences from the movie, but i can see where and why those changes were made to get it on the big screen."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story helped me in gaining a better understanding of what it is to be elderly.  The audio version is narrated by two men, both are meant to be the main character, one voice representing his twenties and the other is in his nineties.  It certainly isn't centered around being of an advanced age, but as a side story, it was still very clear.I was pleasantly surprised by my conflicted response to the story.  On the one hand, his lamentations over being at the end of his life made me sad; on the other hand, he was funny and his life was a full one, giving him many wonderful memories.My advice to a prospective listener or reader?  If you are bored with the first chapter, hang in there, it picks up and is worth getting to the end."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is a love story set in a post depression traveling circus and told from the memory of 93 year-old man.  The story jumps between the current life of the narrator a uncontented man who believes he is 90 or 93 and his rememberance of the love story between Jacob and the Benzini Brother's circus.After the death of both his parents Jacob a veterinairian student finds himself penniless. Although not intentionally  he runs away to the circus where he finds love.This story give great historical flavor and is a must read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A friend recommended this book and I was thoroughly engulfed in it from the beginning. Such raw, real life and survival during the depression era. Jacob is a wonderful main character who is thrust into a world, grieving and desolate after his parents sudden death leaves him with nothing. The story is told by him as an old man of 90 or 93 as he says and is truly blunt on how our elders are treated in nursing homes and devalued as human beings. But, the wonderful, painful and thrilling story of his life, his love and his journey after his parents death lands him in a circus is spellbinding.Just know that the ending will make you smile and cry and feel joy for Jacob!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had heard a lot of positive comments on this book for a while and thought I would see for myself what all the praise was about.  Well this book deserves 5 stars and more.  It is really a book that will stay with you for a while.  I know it will be among my all time favorites, as well it should.  The writer has done an excellent job fleshing out the people and you almost feel as if you know them personally or have dealt with people like time in real life.  The depression was deep in the US when the story is introduced.  Life can hand out a lot of hard knocks, even to animals.  I really never thought about that aspect of life before. I am very happy I had the opportunity to read this book.  I delayed reading it many times because frankly the title put me off.  Then I remembered to never judge a book by it's title."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book.  And to think it was the first from Sara Gruen at that. This is a book that spawned the movie of the same name.  I saw the movie first, then read the book, then saw the movie again. As often happens, the book provides much more color than the movie ever could. For instance, the owner of the circus, Big Al, is shown in the movie in only one scene for a moment giving approval for a purchase.  Sara researched the subject of &#34;train circuses&#34; in detail.  The cruel practices common during the depression to stay in business are shocking, but make riveting reading as the backdrop for this story of growing up, awakening, and goal-seeking.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book grabs you from the minute you pick it up. It has intrigue, dysfunction, love, and amazing human-like emotions in the circus animals (from Rosie the elephant to Queenie the terrier).The movie was great, but the book had so much more depth and character-development.It seems so incredible that anything like this could happen in \"real life\", even during this period in US history. Tough circus life is described inamazing detail.The lopsided human love triangle adds another dimension to this book and its dysfunction. Would highly recommend this semi-fictional novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel tells the story of a man who is now old and struggling with health problems. A carnival comes to town and he remembers the amazing life he once had. I loved the ending the most and hated when characters died. The story itself was believable and the characters complex. This book is not for children and can leave you quite depressed at certain points. Other than that [and that's more of an observation than a complaint] this is a solid read. If the characters didn't die this would've been a 5."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow!  I picked this up to read on the airplane to & from Las Vegas.  I wound up finishing it while on my trip.Gruen is a wonderful story teller, you can tell she researched extensively for this novel.  While it's not a book really about a circus, that is the main setting for most of the book.  I really thought it would be a book all about Carnie Folk.  How far from the truth was I?!The story is told from the view of an ageing circus vet, which is different to begin with.  One would think that these types of stories would be told from performer's points of view & while that would be interesting, Jacob's POV is just as intriguing as another other's would have been.It's a great short read that's captivating & spellbinding."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "First I must mention that I love books that take you to a time and place that you have no knowledge about and in this case it's circus life in the first half of the 1900's. It was fascinating to read what life was like in those days for those who worked in the circus, from performers to the labors. As for the book itself I did enjoy it, but I wouldn't call it a page turner and often in the first quarter of the book I thought about just putting the book down and starting something else a little more exciting to read. However the farther into the book I got the more I started to care about the characters the more invested in the book I became. In the end I was very glad I continued to read the book and now I can say I would recommend the book to friends."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can't say I have ever read a book that was even remotely similar in plot or storyline. Water for Elephants is one of the most original novels that has ever graced my eyes. I felt all the emotions Jacob did as I read, and the story seemed to transition seamlessly between the present, and his memories without being confusing as some other books can be when they try the memory flashback thing. It's one of the few books that I read that I simply could not put down, stopping only to eat and sleep."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a very beautiful, well-written story that at times had you really feeling - both good and bad feelings - for many of the characters. Jacob lived a hard life after his parents died but I appreciated his tenacity. He was determined to make it in the circus and to make it in life. I throughly enjoyed the ending and I think if I was Jacob that that's how I'd want to spend the rest of my days too. I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to read a story about real life, struggles, love, loss, and hope."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "...so all I can do is add my voice to chorus.Gruen writes an incredible dual-novel.  The tale of one man, both fresh out of college and fresh into a nursing home.  The character development is impeccable, with every player on the stage being exposed to the reader to the precise level needed for their role.  As for the plot...this is such a fresh story, I had no idea where it might be going.  This was the first book in a long time I hadn't figured out ahead of time.If you enjoy fiction, read this book.  Possibly the best written novel I've read in years."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This unique story brings back a slice of the 1930s, the long gone circus world of the past, but not the usual bigtop action.  The main character is without giving away anything serves in a position that straddles the worlds of performer and worker and yet belongs to neither. There's madness, grinding poverty, tradgedy, revengeexcitement, bewilderment, surprises, and revelations, but I don't believe a review should be a book report, so trust me if you like suspense, tinged with the meaning of life itself, please do yourself the favor of reading this wonderful novel.  I wish I could erase my memories and do so afresh.  Jim."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The story line is simple, man meets girl, falls in love and must get past all obsticles in the way of their love BUT I loved the descriptions of all the characters, time and events. ie.traveling circus. I do not think the idea was so original.ie boy meets girl, ect. but the research that the author put into the circus idea was just great. I actually felt like I learned something about a life I would never had even thought to learn anything about. I would definatley look for more titles from this author because her research and time put into her characters and themes is fantastic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was extremely happy with every aspect of this book until, in one of the final chapters, when Uncle Al tells Jacob that August is a paranoid schizophrenic, or as he puts it, a \"paragon schizophonic\".  After reading this, there seemed to me to be simply too many similarities with an older novel I read in 2006, William Styron's modern classic SOPHIE'S CHOICE.  A beautiful Catholic woman and a handsome Jewish man who fight a lot due to the man's schizophrenia, another younger man who is new to their 'group' who has feelings for the woman...sex...death...the only dfference seems to be the circus setting and the fact that in this, the woman DOESN'T die and ends up married to the new, younger man.  A nice book, but not extremely original, at least not in the romantic storyline."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is my new favorite book. Besides being a GREAT story, I feel like I have made many new and interesting friends.  Sara Gruen demonstrates a gift for characterization.  Each character transcends his/her strengths and weaknesses to portray the good, the bad and the ugly of circus life in the post-depression era.  She truly captured the mystique of \"running away to join the circus\" through her characterization.Jacob Jankowski's (the narrator & featured characher) sense of humor is priceless.  I found myself either chuckling out loud or squirming in disgust throughout his storytelling.I found the book difficult to put down; yet, I did not want it to end.If you don't read another book this summer, read this one.  You will experience a myriad of emotions--happiness, sadness, fury, longing, relief, distress, even enchantment. . ."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "First of all, Sara Gruen tells a really good story. People and animals both have their moments. What most impresses me though is her ability to show the feelings and memories of an old man. Once old, we tend to forget that the old man in a nursing home was once a part of exciting and dangerous events.To me, the viewpoint and dialogue of Joseph at 90 (or 93) really makes this book.Give it a read.And now the point of the Audio review:  If you like the book then you will find the unabridged audio a real treat. The reader captures the characters and takes you right along. We have listened to the story twice and still appreciate the skill of the reader and the beauty of this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I started reading \"Water for Elephants\" on a Saturday night and before I knew it, I had read half the book in one sitting. Sara Gruen's protagonist Jacob Jankowski, carries you through the novel - both as a twenty-three year old who just walked out of his Vet exams and onto the Circus arena and as ninety-three year old man stuck in a nursing home. Gruen's flawless ability to capture Jacob's voice both as a young and old man are is one of the many strengths of her talents. The storyline, which is composed of coming-of-age, love and well a circus will draw you in and keep you till you eyes read over every last word. \"Water for Elephants\" is a brilliantly, well-written and engrossing story that will appease to both men and women alike."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I downloaded this book, I honestly didn't expect much more than a nice way to pass some time.  I really underestimate this little gem.  Once I picked it up I found it hard to put down.  In fact, I stayed up past my bedtime to finish it, but it was worth the extra cup of coffee I had to have the next morning.Without going into any details about the story itself (there's more than enough other reveiws to do that), I'll start by saying I was almost immediately endeared with the main charachters, which is a testament to the writing abilities of the author.  I laughed and cried with the characters, and was genuinely sad to see some of them go.While the ending was more than a little predictable, it was still a good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What can I say, this book moved me. I saw the movie and put off reading the book, the movie wasn't bad but didn't inspire me to start reading.  Wow, am I glad I did! The transitions from depression time to the present left me breathless. The expertly told story played with all my emotions.  Left me with a renewed appreciation for the difficult times my parents and grandparents grew up in, yet made me want to experience them.  I couldn't put the book down until finished then I went to my computer, looked up old circus pictures and finally bought tickets to Ringling Brothers Circus later this summer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I used to love to read, however it has been ages since a book has captured me like this one did. The description of characters is both dear and terrible at times.  The description of the life with the circus in this time in history is fascinating. Not really for young readers, it is a bit lusty in some areas but not offensive to me. I have not experienced the movie yet, it will be a challenge to capture the quality of this  book.  I look forward to reading more of Sara Gruen novels."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is simply just a wonderful book!The characters are well defined, each and everyone of them!  You care, you like, you love, you hate!The story unfolds with Jacob, at 91 or 93...he is not sure, and his life.Schooled in vetinary science, he finds himself adrift after the loss of his parents and any financial stability.  He joins the circus and meets a cast of characterS like no other.His love for Marlena, his ultimate choices and growth...the paths taken...andThen...he is 91 or 93...just read it...I can't wait to see the movie...it will be magic!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "One of the most entertaining piece fiction I've read in the past 12 months. During post-depression era, the protagonist, Jacob, is left penniless after his parents' sudden death. Completely aimless, he jumps the first train he sees and literally lands in a circus train, plunging him head-first into a fascinating world filled with performers of all shapes and talents, a miserly ring-master, a beautiful horse trainer and a liquor-drinking/Polish-tongued elephant named Rosie.Sara Gruen does an incredible job of incorporating history and urban legends: paralysis that afflicted thousands from drinking \"Jake\", an alcohol substitute concocted during The Prohibition; the humongous dead hippo that was preserved in formaldehyde to fool thousands of viewers (pickled elephant).I highly recommend this book; just sit back and let yourself get lost in this strange and fascinating story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story line captivated me from the first chapter.  It had ALOT of swearing and graphic sexual content which I didn't enjoy having to wade through and skip over.  I didn't think it added anything to the storyline, and felt that it could have been left out all together.I found the author commentaries at the end to be most fascinating.  It was interesting to read that the story line has some non-fiction events weaved into it.  I you don't mind filthy language and sexual content this is a great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Nothing about this book appealed to me.  Not the subject matter, nor the title, nor the cover.  Pfttt.....nothing. A depression-era traveling circus?  What could be more....depressing?  My sister delivered into my hands one day and said, \"Read it.\"  And I did.  I read it while cooking. I read it while eating.  I read it when I should have been sleeping.  I read and read and wanted to read more.  Now I hand it to you and say, \"Read it\".  You won't be sorry."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Others have reviewed the store line much more in depth and better than I can here. I loved this book. Once I started reading it, I didn't put it down. This is not a silly little beach read as it has been touted. It is more in depth than that.The characters were believable. They didn't do anything that was totally out of character once their basic personality was developed. The setting was realistic and interesting and a vital part of the story. The ending was surprising.Very well written. Very interesting. Worth the time to read and worth the money.Enjoy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants presents a story of a veterinarian's life told from both his present and earlier life perspective.  The way that the author switched between time periods was entertaining.  I found myself experiencing a wide range of emotions from horror to curiosity to anger and then to happiness.  I personally have never been to a circus so I don't have any memories of my own to go by.  However, the author's descriptions of the circus atmosphere and \"class\" system within the different groups makes it very easy to imagine just how life was living on that train traveling from town to town.  I really enjoyed reading this book and look forward to the film version."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was very moving for me.  The way Gruen writes about the older character seemed so very well done.  Even though I am not old, I felt older reading those passages.  Gruen moves back and forth from present day to the past very smoothly and it is always a seamless transition for the reader.  Great story, good characters, loved Rosie the elephant. Very thought provoking and I really adored the old carny photographs sprinkled throughout the book.  Never thought I would enjoy a depression era book, but this one was really well done."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book a lot, despite the fact that some of the stuff said doesn't match the era in which it was written. I wasn't as bothered by the small issues as some of the other reviewers were, apparently. It is a work of fiction after all. Sure, there were quite a few cliches, but not to the point of distraction. I liked the animals and their personalities, namely Rosie, the star of the show. She stole my heart and when she was a victim of violence, my heart broke for her.Having the old man relive his memories of the circus was very compelling and tied the story of then and now together nicely. The ending made me cry, but not why you'd expect."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With all the \"hype\" about this book, I was expecting more-more plot,and a more interesting main character. And really it reads like a script. So often the author does too much explaining about how each character is sitting, their reaction,etc. as if in preparation for a movie,with too much explaining how the actors should perform.I do like the depression era and the circus theme , which drew me to the book.I am looking forward to seeing the movie but mostly because of the actors in it.All in all I didnt care for the authors way of writing. But I think it will make for an interesting movie."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was suggested to me by a friend and I wasn't sure I would like it. As soon as I started reading I couldn't put it down.  In fact, I read it in about a week.  This particular book earned it's place on the New York Bestsellers list for a reason.An elderly man, looking back on the past and how it has shaped him now.  The book is set in the present day as well as the early 1930's.  It paints the picture of exactly what I would think a traveling circus would be during that time.  It is full of drama within in the reigns of the circus as far as the everyday workers, performers, and animals. From cover to cover the reader does not know exactly what to expect.  I would suggest this book to anyone.One of the best books I have read in some time.  I can't wait to see the movie!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm not a real fan of fiction, only because fiction does not keep me tuned in to the story line. Often the subject matter rambles on before the story line gets going when  you finally know what you are reading about.Water for Elephants is a well written novel. The title fascinated me to begin with, and excerpts led me to believe this was going to be a good read. I was right!  The story line is never boring, it's uncomplicated, and keeps you tuned in to events as they unravel. So well done. I encourage anyone who is an avid reader to buy a copy. You won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This really is an excellent book with an interesting story and well-conceived details.  I listened to the audio version, which was particularly well acted.  My complaint with the book is that it is blatantly anti-Jewish.  The circus leaders, who are described as Jewish, are mean and spiteful, making the lives of the workers a living hell.  Why did Ms. Gruen need to assign a religion to them? I found this really offensive, and played into negative Jewish stereotypes.  My other complaint with the book is that the two Jacobs don't seem like the same person (I'm assuming they are although I'm not quite finished with the book).  One is loving and mild-mannered, the other cantankerous and bitter.  Can these really be the same person?"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a book I cannot forget; it stirred me deeply.  Yes, the story telling is brilliant and extremely well written; the parts about the depression and the circus are fascinating; and the ability of a young female author to give voice and depth of character to an old man in his nineties is extraordinary (he is one of literature's most memorable characters!)But for me, there is something which surpasses even all of this.  Gruen touched on and developed a reality with which it is so difficult for most of us to come to grips: that is how the strong, virile, resourceful young man in his twenties continues to reside in the decrepit, rotting body of the stooped, weak old man.  She has drawn so clearly the ungraspable mystery of youth emerging into old age, the spirit of the person masked by the wrinkled cloak of the elderly.  Bravo, Sara.  Well done!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Like many who were critical of this book, I truly did want to love it. However, the writing was simple and flat, the characters lacked depth or conviction and the ending was a huge let down. Jacob was infuriating as he claimed to love these animals and then becomes sexually sidetracked while his Rosie was being beaten half to death. It made me sick to my stomach. Over and over, he continued to behave like a helpless child while this animal was brutalized. Time and again, he is either incredibly violent or he is impotent and seemingly defenseless. In the end, each conflict is suddently and hastily resolved with little authenticity. What a shame as this could have been a deeply moving and engaging story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "this author is a master story teller and she had me from the first.  The structure of the book is captivating, back and forth from the nursing home where the main character lives out his old age to the fascinating life he has led as a veternarian for the circus and his love affair with the main act.  and that is only the beginning.  It is the story of coming of age in a most unconventional setting.  I learned so much about the inner workings of a circus.  So why oh why did the author end the book on such a maudlin, unrealistic note.  Sarah Gruen forced a happy ending on a story that deserved a more intelligent finale.  Still it is deffinately worth the read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After \"Riding Lessons\", which I loved - and \"Flying Changes\", which was a huge disappointment to me, I was not sure what I would find in \"Water for Elephants\".  Wow - what a great read!  Research does pay off hugely - when it enables a writer to place the reader inside another world so easily - the world of the circus. This was a world totally foreign to most of us - but now, so familiar, thanks to Sara.  This book satisfied my three requirements - transportation (take me away from all this),  levitation (lift my spirits and leave me thinking good thoughts) and infiltration (let me get inside the characters so I feel I really know them). Reading \"Water for Elephants\" is time well-spent.  I'm happy to know Sara is working on a fourth book. I'll be first in line to buy it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book as evidenced by the fact that it only took me a few days to read.  The characters are engrossing and realistic.  It is amazing that Sara was able to write the part of an old man with such realism. When I read a book, I also like to learn well researched real facts. This book did not disappoint in that area. The history is interesting and accurate.  The end of the book is satisfying.  If you would like to \"get lost\" in a great book, this is a good choice."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was a bit hesitant about reading this book, I kept reading that it was about circuses, and I really didn't think I had too much of and interest. Boy was I wrong. It starts with a murder and winds and weaves you through the story of life in the traveling circus and back to present day in a nursing home.  The book had my attention from page one and still has me even though I finished reading it. There is humor, love, murder, and friendship, and a whole lot of history about the circus, and circus life making this book a well rounded engaging read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "...but I just couldn't.  Honestly, it stressed me out.  I wasn't enchanted or transported, just full of anxiety at the turn of every page.  I read a lot of books, and I review very few, but this is a book I really wanted to love and had to force myself to finish.  I was hoping for something more along the lines of \"Carter Beats the Devil\", but instead I got \"The Devil tortures Carter and his girl and Carter ends up alone in a nursing home.\"  I just couldn't get behind this story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A couple of years ago a friend gave me a copy of Water For Elephants. I put it aside until a few days ago, at which time I thought I should probably read it. I was hooked from the very beginning and couldn't put the book down. Although, I have never been interested in elephants, I fell in love with Rosie and her sweet personality. Did you know that elephants cry and that they have a huge hippocampus, a brain structure that's important in processing emotions? After finishing the book, I immediately Googled elephants to learn more about these intelligent animals. Water For Elephants has become one of my favorite novels. If you haven't read this one, you are definitely missing a modern classic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I started reading Water for elephants after watching the movie trailer. I loved it and after going to the cinema I have to say that the novel is really really better. There are more elements than the love story the movie tells. The historical period is described well, the characters are more interesting and Jacob's everyday life is one of the best descriptions of what an old man thinks and feels when he is far from his family.It's an amazing book and even if you're not an english native speaker (as I am) it's an easy read"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Water for Elephants\" is a good read.  The writer confesses to being thrilled to be writing something besides technical documents, and this gives rise to minor annoyances, some as trivial as the overuse of \"stare\".The contrast of mores of the Depression Era to modern day is arrestingly authentic.  Using 1930's circus lingo is misleading (a \"bull\" elephant named Rosie).The symbolism that is not overtly contrived (the big circus in the sky) is captivating, but there is an the almost desperate struggle to parallel the narrator with the biblical story of Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Seeing Jacob young and old, and hearing how time affected him, and how he still remained connected to his history after all those years was  great. It really added to the book and really tied the story together for me. It was very dramatic for me to see how this once active and interesting man was effected by the years, and what age does to a person. It made me think how we cast aside many of our elderly friends and folks not paying attention to their stories. Especially key when thinking alone about Jacob's past. I have a great love and respect for elephants and at many times i was so angered in the story and could feel the emotions that Jacob was experiencing. It was such a strong event that occurred with Rosie, and without giving the story away was vindicating. Really don't want to watch the movie now as afraid would not live up to how i imagined everything or if they changed the story too much."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "So much has already been written about the shallow characters and implausible ending... So no need to belabor that point.However, I do want to throw up a Red Flag to those readers who, like me, aren't big fans of profanity. I listened to Water for Elephants on CD and found myself cringing repeatedly at the author's liberal use of the F-word. (And many other words.) Furthermore, the graphic sexuality felt like the author's attempt to titillate and shock her readers with needless cheap thrills. She provided ample details regarding the sexual habits of her characters whilst omitting more relevant ones regarding central relationships and motives.There was an interesting storyline in there somewhere. As to the rest, it could've been toned down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Great and dramatic character development, some you love, some you care about, some you hate and one or two you simply loathe...great characters living life with all of its pathos, humor and drama in a Depression era circus...Some points will make you laugh out loud, some smile in suprise and some where you want to say, \"That sorry, no good SOB...\"  Some will make you gasp in joy and delight, one or two in horror. All in all, a very good book....The characters, the pathos and the humor, the living of life, make it come alive and stay with you long after the last page is turned.  I was sorry to seen it end, and that is the way a good book is supposed to leave you. This one is good, though it never really talks about or explains the title \"Water for Elephants...\""}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Seldom has a book moved me as much as this one did.  Perhaps it's because I listened to the audiobook version, and the narrators voices were perfect for the different stages of life in the book.  Perhaps it's because my 98 year old mother-in-law is in a nursing home, but the author captured what life for a 90+ year old must be like in a nursing home facility.  In addition, I LOVE the circus, even though today's pale in comparison to those that were under canvas.  Without doing a spoiler, I can only say that it's been a long time since the ending of a book brought tears to my eyes.  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Love love love this book. This book is so much more than I thought it would be. Its beautiful, exciting, eye opening, and intriguing. I fell in love with the story and its characters from the beginning. Favorite character of all?... Rosie for sure... yes the elephant. Shes innocent, smart, witty, out smarts her humans and seemingly has a wonderful personality. She is amazing. But of course this book is not just about an elephant. Its about love, hate, excitement, tyranny, rage, and some real good laughs. Definitely a book worth reading."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was really impressed by this book. It's an old man's retelling of his younger days at a circus. He's currently in a nursing home. What's amazing is how she takes you inside his head and causes you to see events through his eyes, and his mind. You feel his frustration, his loneliness, and how he's misunderstood.Older people in the home are treated like children, but inside, they're cognizant, at least some of the time, and resent this treatment, but are helpless to prevent it.The details in the circus era are very well written. You're taught a lot about circus life, the fun, the dangerous, the dark underbelly. Maybe it's not representative; it is fiction, but you believe it. She takes you there.One of the most enjoyable fiction books I've read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "SEVERAL PEOPLE HAVE SUGGESTED TO ME THAT I READ THIS BOOK.  I HAVE OBSERVED PEOPLE READING THIS BOOK ON AIRPLANES, IN CARPOOL LINES, SITTING ON A BENCH AT BARK PARK, SO I DECIDED IT WAS A MUST READ JUST TO FEEL LIKE I BELONGED IN A SOCIETY.  THE BOOK IS INTERESTING, PARTICULARLY IF YOU WERE FASCINATED WITH THE CIRCUS AS A YOUNG CHILD.  I FOUND THE ANIMAL BRUTALITY A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO READ, ALTHOUGH IT WAS NOT AS BRUTAL AS I HAD ANTICIPATED, BUT WHAT I DID MOSTLY REMEMBER AT THE END.  IT'S A GOOD READ, NOT A GREAT READ.  THE ONLY FLAW I WOULD MENTION IS THE NARRATOR'S VOICE WAS NOT PLAUSIBLE AS A NINETY YEAR OLD MAN.  THE AUTHOR MIGHT HAVE DONE A LITTLE RESEARCH IN THAT AREA, BUT DON'T LET THAT STOP YOU FROM READING THE BOOK."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow!  There are over 1,600 reviews for this book.  That's great because this is a book that should be read and will be enjoyed by many.This novel is about a young man, nearly finished with his veterinary studies who, because of economic circumstances leaves school to join a circus as its resident veterinarian.This book switches back and forth from the standpoint of the veterinarian in his older years to the present time.  As an old man, he looks back at his experiences and the crises in the life of his great love, Dolly.  Dolly loves horses and elephants and is in a relationship with an abusive man who is in charge of the circus.The protagonist's relationship with his roommate, a dwarf, and the dwarf's Jack Russell Terrier, are wonderfully characterized.I enjoyed this book quite a bit and recommend it highly."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is an entertaining read that chronicles the life of Jacob, a circus' veterinarian (well, would have been if he would have taken his final exams). The story is told in alternating time periods, Jacob recounting his youth from the confines of an assisted living facility. After the horrific death of his parents during the Great Depression, Jacob drops out of school and begins working with the Benzini Brothers circus. He quickly discovers the dark secrets so well-hidden behind the cheerful, humorous faade of circus shows. While on the road Jacob grows up and learns a great deal about life \"out in the real world\" while traveling with the circus, including lessons on friendship, trust, love and self-reliance.This novel is extremely plot driven and is not a literary challenge by any means. I appreciate the take on circus life; this isn't something that is commonly written about. It was still very enjoyable and interesting, and I would recommend it for all readers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was pleasantly surprised by this story.  Granted, it had wonderful reviews here on Amazon, but there have been other popular fiction novels with the same reviews, and I loathed those books.I don't need to go into any details as the book has been so thoroughly reviewed, but I will say there was so much in the book that touched me.  Ninety or ninety-three year old Jacob's story was so emotional...it's going to stay with me for quite awhile.  Bravo!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants has recently taken over the spot of my favorite book. The book flawlessly alternates between the main character's present day experience in a nursing home and his memories of his life during his early 20's. I was skeptical about the switching at first since many books that do this are usually confusing and I have to keep turning back a few pages to see what time period I'm in, but the author does this perfectly.I completely fell in love with the main character, both the 92 year old and 23 year old versions of him. As someone who works in a nursing home, his experiences were so realistic and the author captured this perfectly.The book was extremely well written and it was obvious that Gruen did her research. I found myself looking for more information about travelling circuses and downloading pictures from them, especially elephants, after reading this."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this books years ago when it came out and thought it was good, but not great.  I reread it as a book club selection and liked it much better due to the depth of characters.  The author has done her research in the life of the circus performers.  I hated the cruelty shown to some of the animals, but I know some of those things took place.  True love wins with the risks people are willing to take to be with their \"soul mate\".  The end is pretty unbelievable with an old man running away to join the circus (again).  However, it made me hopeful that this ignored man would find happiness in his last years."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wish that I could say that I was one of the readers of  Water For Elephants, the well researched novel by Sara Gruen, who was graciously transported to the circus world of the 1930's, but sadly I can't.I am not one who acclaims the romance of  the beautiful Marlena, the circus horse rider and Jacob, whose personal tragedy causes him to walk away from his final exams at Cornell Vet school.  Instead, I am left thinking that perhaps, I should have read Twilight instead.  The an essential problem of reading a romance in which the reader does not care for the romantic protagonists, is that it takes the heart out of the book.Though there was enough in the side characters, animals and atmosphere to carry the book but alas there I often found Gruen's phrasing annoying and clunky.  I have decided in all fairness to Ms Gruen and her many fans that I will desist from reading any more of her works and we shall all continue on quite happily."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wanted to read the book before I saw the movie and was greatly surprised that I enjoyed it so much.  It is a story filled with such sad moments but also the promise of a happy future.  It is told in a wonderful way.  I enjoyed the whole ride from beginning to end.  There was some moments when I just wanted him to leave the damn circus already but do what exactly?  or go work where?  you realize how bad the economy was and at least here he was eating every day which might not have been the case anywhere else."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is the story of Jacob Jankowski.  After a tragic accident involving his parents, Jacob feels lost and unsure of his future.  One night he hops a train - only to find that he's hopped a circus train.  Because he is \"almost\" a vetrenarian they welcome him aboard (although not that nicely or easily) and he quickly becomes embroiled in a very predictable love triangle.Gruen does a great job with the transition from the ruminations of 93 year-old Jacob in the nursing home to 22 year-old Jacob on the traveling circus.  They're seemless and very well done.  Reading about the circus and life on a traveling circus during the depression era was also interesting.My complaint with the novel lies in the fact that as a reader I felt the author just skimmed the surface with this novel.  The story was predictable and shallow, and while the characters were decently developed, the overall story line just wasn't that great, IMHO.I was disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book very much.  Full of detail and things I would have never suspected or imagined about a circus.  I must admit that I had some trouble with the scenes of animal (and even people) abuse but was able to skim quickly over it enough to get the picture but not dwell on it.  I know that this part of the book had to be told because I'm sure that it happened.  I did enjoy the animals (and people) revenge at the end greatly!  I especially loved the weaving of Jacob's story from old man to young and back again.  And of course the happy ending...well who could have asked for a better one.  Yep!  I loved this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My title for my book review is lifted from the editorial reviews, Valerie Ryan really nailed it for me.There are so many things to like about this book.  The very best thing is the firm grounding in historical fact.  This is what it was like in America during the Great Depression, this is why the travelling circus roustabouts worked and lived the way they did, because of the Depression.  They didn't always get paid but at least they ate.  Sara Gruen handles her historical data with an exceedingly light touch, she is a marvellous storyteller.  Memorable book, very engaging. I can understand why there are nearly four thousand reader reviews."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had planned on watching the movie first because it looked good and  I can't usually watch a movie and enjoy it if I read and enjoyed the book first and vis versa. However, the book got better reviews than the movie and I didn't want to taint my experience with the story, so I picked up the book first and I'm glad I did.We are deliver the story through Mr. Jacob Jankowsky's ninety, or ninety-three year old memory. He can't remember his age but he remembers his life with the train traveling circus in the 1930's like it was yesterday. We see the excitement of a life as a circus worker and more often then not the dangers that the job presents, especially if you start to fall for the crazy jealous circus trainer's wife."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have owned this book for a few months. I keep getting side tracked by other books so I did not read it. Last week so many people told me how wonderful the book was and even the movie. SO, I picked it up last night and am almost done with it. WOW!!! What a wonderful story. You can tell a lot of research went into this by the accuracy. While I know very little about circus life I do work with the elderly and that is all accurate. A lot on the lines of \"The Notebook\" the way the story in told."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Page after page this novel is filled with interesting facts, experiences and history. That it's a memoir of a patient/resident of a nursing home is a literary vehicle of genius. How remarkable to live the life of a this young man, one we can easily identify with, through this period of American history (30's, 40's) only to end up with him in a current-day nursing home, the finest of which are lonely places indeed.My wife and I just recently visited an uncle who lived in a very fine nursing home in another state and were pronounced \"saints\" by the staff who said no one ever visits these people. That's why I'm haunted by the ending of this book.I've also paid more attention to stories of the intelligence of elephants, their almost human sense of justice. Perhaps I mean their more-than-human sense of justice.A wonderful book. You will be glad you read it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants offers some thing for everyone.  If you're a pragmatist you will love the research and facts concerning the circus of the depression era.  If a romantic, the ending will be for you. If you are young, the choices and frustrations suffered by Jacob will be yours. For me, a senior citizen, the gerentology  added greatly to the story.I thought it a great read especially since there are 70 years between the youth and aged of the story which is told in flashback form. There is little in common between the two periods of time except for love and the anticipation of all ages.Try it, you will like it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Amazing book which brings us into the life of a student at Cornell whose life changes dramatically and rapidly within a few days - and, as with all persons, those dramatic changes influence the rest of his life.  The story is of a circus worker during the depression...and it brought back some vague memories of my early childhood, watching a small circus roll into town, watching the elephants parade through from the train depot and to a farmer's field where the \"Big Top\" would suddenly sprout with flags a-flying.  The story is told from the view of the worker who's now in his 90's...and is fascinating as to how the author mixes past and present to give a picture of an amazing whole."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My hatred for this book knows no bounds. This is the trashiest thing to infiltrate the literature section of the bookstore since Henry Miller. (Although I'm not a Henry Miller expert, I'm guessing he at least brought some literary merit to the table, which is more than I can say for this author!) The depression-era circus setting, although intriguing, was not enough to make up for the endless vulgarity, flat characterization and vapid dialogue. And, to make matters worse, no character, at least from the ones I can remember, is spared horrific scenes of physical abuse - you name it, woman, worker, elephant, dog, clown. I just got tired of it all after a while.Why did I even bother to finish it? It was sort of like watching Ripley's Believe it or Not to see what kind of ghastly thing would happen next. Well now I believe it; this is one of the worst contemporary books I've read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I honestly didn't know what to expect when I started WATER FOR ELEPHANTS, but as I continued on hour after hour, I realized what a terrific book it is!  Set in post-Depression America and the Benzini Brother's Circus, WATER FOR ELEPHANTS is full of emotions and flashes of great humor. All the characters, including the animals, all have pivotal roles throughout the story. This book is a great blend of history, mystery, love story and memoir.Highly recommend with 5 stars!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Not going to lie, I bought this so I could read it before the movie came out (Robert Pattinson fan :-P).  While it was an easy read, I didn't love it. I found it difficult to appreciate the circus life with the description of it, but the characters were interesting.  The ending surprised me, so I loved that!  Nothing worse than a predictable novel.  There were many endearing and HUMAN situations and characters of the novel, so I found myself rooting for some characters and hating others.  Not every book I read invokes that kind of emotion in me.This story is a some-what of a page turner and (again) an easy read, but there was some kind of disconnect.  I can't quite define what was missing from this book, but I think it's worthwhile.  Would be great for a book club."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Interesting book that makes you want to keep reading, but in the end, it seems like the author tried too hard to wrap things up and make everyone happy.I find that the best way to make reviews helpful is by adding a list of books I love and books I hated. That way you can compare and determine whether you and I have similar tastes. So here is my list:Books I love or at at least really, really like:We Need to Talk about Kevin.Tell the Wolves I'm HomeWhen the Emperor Was DivineThe History of HistoryThe Remains of the DayWe Have Always Lived in the CastleThe Night CircusWater for ElephantsThe Sisters BrothersThe Poisonwood BibleBooks I REALLY hated:The Bear in a Muddy Tutu1Q84The Buddha of SuburbiaA Visit from the Goon SquadSun StormA Long Way DownWhen We Were OrphansThe Haunting of Hill House"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is very enjoyable from beginning to end. It starts with a narration in the present and weaves in events from the narrators past. The style is fluid and non pretentious, engaging for its simplicity and character development. This book feels real when it presents its characters and you can't help but get entwined with the sentiments they live. I haven't seen the movie but I'm glad I read the book first. The story revolves around Jakob a retired circus vet which relates how he came to be involved in the circus world of the 30's and all he lived through while the show went on. The story depicts life through the depression, prohibition and society as a fitting background for the storyline."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow.  This book was just spectacular.  I tore through it (it grabbed me and would not let go).  How many books do you see a fifteen-year-old (my niece) reading while walking up stairs?  She could not stop reading it to climb the stairs!  It was an amazing ride.  I cannot imagine that ANYONE would not love this book.I read two of Sara Gruen's earlier books and this is in a different category - a tour de force, an absolute must-read.  What a lovely book.  You end up feeling grateful to her for writing it just so you could read it.  I cannot say enough about how great this book was - an enthralling story, enthrallingly told, absolutely marvelous."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When Jacob Jankowski's parents died in an automobile accident, he was just about to become a Veterinarian.But, with that shock, and the shock of finding out that his parents didn't leave him the financial comforts that he had thought were there, Jacob, didn't take his last college exam.  And, he wondered into the life of a circus, where he learned a great deal about the human condition and about animals.During these tough Depression Era days, he lived in filth, but the animals meant a great deal to him.  So, he applied what he had learned at Cornell University Veterinarian School, to protect the animals, and anyone who he loved.This book was a story about love, loss and finding what matters most to you, when you've loss what seemed to be all that mattered."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "No, I won't forget WATER FOR ELEPHANTS any time soon. The prologue is one of the best I've read in a long time. I actually called a friend and ready it to her out loud. The characters, in particular, Rosie the elephant and Jacob are accurate and tender, each in their own sometimes sad and poignant way. This book is a summer hit for a reason--it's an enjoyable read filled with the peculiarities of circus life that intrigue and woo all who are drawn to such a menagerie known as the \"Greatest Show on Earth.\" ~Carol D. O'Dell"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved the first 90% of this book.  Whenever I opened it to read, I fell right into circus life in the 1930s, as told by the 93-year-old main character looking back on his life of 70 years previous.  My complaint is that the ending seemed rushed and contrived.  There were lose ends that didn't make sense.  For all of the reality of the first part of the book, the end seemed too fantastic.  Did the editor say \"Wrap it up all ready!\"?  I think this would make a TERRIFIC movie--just wait for the rights to be sold.  A good summer read, too."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Take a chance and read this book.  It is wonderfully written.  Such an interesting book to take the lead character and having him in a nursing home, thinking of his life... and what a great life.  What a heart warming story.  I'm fascinated by the freakish carnivale life, and this didn't disappoint (but uphold) that theory!  If you're in for an uplifting tale of struggle and happiness in an unexpected way, you've found the perfect all-around book.  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen delivers a readable tale that's a tad too formulaic to be fully engaging. In the same way that the narrator of the story insists from personal experience that it is impossible to carry enough water to slake an elephant's thirst, I'd insist that this container doesn't hold enough water to satisfy a serious reader.Also noted: the description of animals and animal behaviors is approximately cartoony, and takes away from the whole.On the flip side, it is an easy read that won't occupy more than an evening and Gruen does offer up some fascinating historical details about old-style railroad circuses, which altogether comes off as plausibly true."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "From the other reviews, i was expecting to have my socks knocked off as I had in \"The Glass Castle\" by Jeannette Walls and \"Replay\" by Ken Grimwood, but instead I found that I was pleasantly entertained. No more. No less. The most impressive parts of this book were Sara's portrayal of the elderly. I imagine that life for the elderly is pretty much as she portrays it, which I found enlightening and interesting. These parts ended up being my favorite! The rest of the book is colorful, imaginative, and worthwhile."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Very well written and and very grabbing. There were, however, 2 raunchy parts that were a little graphic, especially since they didn't really effect the whole story much. These moments felt as if they were elaborated on specifically in to draw in a larger audience via random moments of smut. For me, it cheapened an otherwise 5 star book. Really now, that was an image of a cartoon character that I did not want inside my head!LIke I said. Beautifully written--but I would have preferred if the aforementioned parts were briefly stated so you knew they happened and then moved on [like the rape scenes in Khaled Hosseini's book (Kite runner, or even the marital scenes in 1000 splendid suns) ]."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm usually drawn to books written about the depression era, as I have heard so much about it from my parents.  This book is not only that, but a great insight to the circus life during that time.  I had a hard time putting this book down in the evenings (after a day at work), and it was good timing that my spouse was out of town for the week.  Very well written, a great story, and a page turner. I'll be buying copies for future gifts."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Loved this book.  It portrays the life of survival of humans and animals alike.  It has always amazed me how elephants put up with us ignorant humans and our slow mentality in catching on as to how to treat them according to their abilities. The fact that elephants haven't done away with all evil handlers is a testament to the amazing personality, patience and attitude of their creation. The circus realm has a lot of shame, guilt and blame placed at its feet. Even though this is a fictional story, the real stories of circus elephants is much worse and a hard read.  I'm looking forward to another place in time where all will live in peace with all living things as this great earth was intended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I listened to the audiobook version of this book (great production!) but was one of those who was somewhat disappointed. I had read the glowing reviews and thought I'd give it a try. I listened to it all and thought the characters were wonderful but the plot was so slow. I felt like there were so many opportunities that the author had with the themes, time period, etc.that were not used. I give it three stars but there are so many other good books out there worth the 11 hours of time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book - there are a few naysayers in the sea of positive reviews and there is a reason for this.  It is an excellent book - of course it is not air tight but it is a fun read and interesting.  It reminded me in some way of the White City book in that it took history, in this case of the circus in a certain time period in history, and wove a story around this history.  It took me a little less then two days to read it and well worth the story!ooking for a fun fast read with a great story line - buy and enjoy this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't know why I picked up this book to read, but I'm glad I did!  All summer, I've become bored with other books I've attempted to read but abandoned half way through.Water for Elephants was different.  Once I started reading, I couldn't put the book down.  The author did a great job developing the characters and the story.  I didn't know much about circus life and the story gives the reader a good glimpse of what it was like.  Because I'm an animal lover, I liked how the main character looked out for well being of the circus animals.I recommend this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Im usually skepical when it comes to reading a book that has become a movie . I end up either loving the movie and not liking the book or loving the book and not liking the movie. THIS book was stunning in detail and takes the reader into the 'Big Top' in such detail that you can almost smell the peanuts! It contains violence but it is told with such skill that the reader understands just how brutal humans can be ....but the main character is the hero and does make a difference . As for the romance...its innocent and well written. There is something for all in this story and I see now why it was made into a movie. I have not seen it yet but I can only imagine !"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed reading about the history of the circus and the anecdotes shared by Sara Gruen.  It takes you back to an age of innocence in your life where the Circus was pretty close to the best thing that ever happened to you.  The elephants and the brave ladies that rode on them.  The clowns and the ittle people.  I enjoyed recreating those memories while reading this delightful and sweet account of two circus runaways who fall in love.  Their story was predictable in so many ways.  The old Jacob part was just sad and it left a sour feeling.  However, I did enjoy reading about the circus people and their lives.  The parades and the drama behind the curtain.  The roustabouts working so hard and sleeping in crowded spaces,yet what an adventure! to travel around the country from town to town brining smiles to millions and enjoying the camradie of the circus!  I loved that part."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel is a wonderful mix of fantasy and reality, pathos and joy!  With the sad tale of Jacob unfolding in the first chapter, the reader is quickly engaged in the story.  The inter-chapters weave the tale from the past into the present and make the reader empathize with Jacob and become endeared to the Circus and its workers.I read chapter 5 to my high school senior English class to give them insight into the life of an old man and his perspective on reminiscence and life.  They loved it!  They even gained new perspective on the elderly that they work with at their community service sites.What a good book!  I recommend it to all ages.  It is fun and full of humanity."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I didn't realize this book had been out for so long when I ordered it from Amazon.  Can't believe I hadn't heard of it before because it was a fantastic book I should have picked up sooner.  I think a movie is being made about the book, but I am glad I read the book first.  It's a quick read for a lazy Sunday afternoon. Definitely entertaining.  After I finished it, I felt like I was still transported back to the 1930's circus, and it took several hours to stop thinking about it.  Worth reading for sure."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My book club chose this book in the spring.  I decided not to read it at that time, despite the wonderful reviews.  Last week I picked it up to read while we were lounging at the cabin.  Wow!  What took me so long?This is one of the finest stories I've read in a long time.  It grabbed me in the beginning and pulled me through to the end.  It had a bit of everything---humor, adventure, romance, heartbreak.Water for Elephants is the story of a young man who accidentally joins a circus train in 1931.  Along with him we meet some wonderful characters---both human and animal.Spoiler Alert---I enjoy a story with a happy, yet satisfying ending.  This book did not disappoint."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was an absolute delight to read.  Characters fleshed out enough to actually care about them and a well-researched insight into Depression-era circus life.As fare as plot goes, there's probably nothing you haven't already seen or read a hundred times over in romance novels, or Lifetime Network movies for TV.  Same material set against a new backdrop.Sometimes a good read is just that - a good read.  It doesn't have to be life-changing - just entertaining.  I love how it was all told as a personal history.I do appreciate the author's exhaustive research to get the circus terms right.  My only (small) complaint (and maybe I missed something) was that not all the terms were defined for the reader.  It does not take away from the storyline at all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My two best friends and I are all avid readers, although we usually read very different books. One of them got it, loved it and gave it to me, and this book was passed around for several months. We had a mother in law, an ex boyfriend all reading it, which really speaks to how good the book is.You can read the other reviews to find out what its about...I'm telling you, you will be hooked instantly. Clear your schedule. This isn't a book you want to start reading when its going to be a week before you can pick it up again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Not being, even remotely, a Robert Pattinson fan and not liking circuses either, I put off reading this book for several months after it was purchased.  I still couldn't help visualizing Robert Pattinson as the lead character, but eventually, the story took over and Robert faded a little.  I was pleasantly surprised at how much I really liked the book.  Well written, good story line and a bit of a surprise ending.  Still won't watch the movie (that Robert thing again) but the book is always better anyway."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This books was one of my favorites for the year. This book flashes from present day Jacob, 93 living in a nursing home to Jacob's summer traveling with the circus during the 1930's Depression era. Not only do you have these rich circus characters and animals, but also you have the interesting time period. The writing is flawless, the characters/animals (Rosie, my favorite) are amazing, the plot keeps you interested, and you root for the Jacob in the past and his present condition.The slight twist in the whodunit revealed near the end was also suprising"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love books that make me feel the grit of sawdust between my teeth.  Sawdust?  Why, yes, if you're reading a circus murder mystery. Only, it isn't much of a mystery as you learn whodunnit on the second page.  Only, no, don't be so sure.  A lovely, you-are-there novel of the between-wars years in America, wherein one newly orphaned and penniless Jacob Jankowski runs away to join a down-at-the-heels circus whose owner has serious Ringling Brothers envy, complete with ladies fat and bearded, unfriendly dwarfs, and homicidal--wait, no, I'll give it away.  With an ending that made me smile all day after I finished the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book already has over 3,500 positive reviews on Amazon and every one of them is well deserved. This book was a wonderful treasure. I eargerly awaited each time in my day when my schedule allowed fiction reading so I could get back to this story. The characters are three dimensional, compelling, and as genuine as your next door neighbors or your long-lost aunts and uncles. The circus setting was fascinating, and the story-telling was first-rate, doesn't get much better than this. I highly recommend this book. I haven't seen the movie (yet), but if it's even half as good as the book it will be tremendous."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is an engrossing story about life in an early 1930's, depression-era traveling circus, but is also about so much more. Jacob Jankowski is presently ninety or ninety-three (he doesn't recall) and living out the end of his life in a nursing home. He has family who visit, but they are busy enough with their own lives that he is largely forgotten. A circus comes to town and Jacob thinks back on his own youthful experiences.I appreciate the story's realistic portrayal of early 20th century circus life. The animals live and work in conditions that are horrific, but at the same time they are the lifeblood of the show next to the human performers and are therefore treated well enough to that extent. The author, Sara Gruen, mentions in an interview that many of the anecdotes in the tale are plucked from real life accounts. (For example, an elephant stealing lemonade from the lemonade stand when no one is looking.) Truth is stranger than fiction, indeed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story, about a young man who runs away to the circus, is beautiful in the way it paints an older man near the end of his life in a loving, endearing way. Older people are real people whose value is in no way diminished. In fact, they have lived their life and survived life's most difficult challenges. And yet despite all they've learned and know, they are given so little respect. Every day they courageously cope with challenges that most of us have never even come close to experiencing. Even their family often treats them callously, or worse, like little children. Some older folk are cranky, like the character in this story, but considering what they've been through, they deserve kindness in return, not defensiveness. The treatment of this older man by nurse Rosemary in this book has inspired me to love older people and respect them more."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There were many positives about the story - 1)  Nice feel of what it was like to be in the circus during the depression  2) Great analysis of what it is like to be old in a rest home.  3)  Excellent voice characters for the audio.  4) Beginning of good bi-polar character.Negative - 1) Feel of the story moved from period piece about the circus to feel of Nazi camp where all leaders are evil  2) Instead of developing bi-polar character he was just written off as evil.  3) One big surprise in the book concerning the murder but not that monumental.  4) Three needless scenes that bordered on pornographic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel is a rambling, disjointed and thoroughly annoying depiction of a highly forgettable era in Amercan history.  The characters are flimsy, the plot is circuitous and the endless stories of animal cruelty are downright depressing.  Perhaps the one saving grace is the author's use of Jacob's character as an elderly man who is looking back on his life with hindsight.  I cannot believe there has been such a fuss about this book and that someone was foolish enough to make it into a film.  Now that will be a real flop!  If I ever see this author's name again I will move away from it as quickly as I am able.  This was just a terrible book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Set in the Great Depression, Water for Elephants is a compelling tale, perfect for a book group discussion. Jacob Jankowski loses his parents in a car wreck and drops out of veterinary school. He finds his way aboard a circus train and begins a new life on the road. He meets and falls in love with both circus star, Marlena, who is married to the perverse animal trainer, August, and the seemingly unteachable elephant, Rosie.I was most taken by the circus details and the details from the Great Depression that Gruen used in the story. I was fascinated with life in the circus during those hard times. I also liked how Gruen moved the story back and forth in time from an elderly Jacob to a young Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of my all-time favorites!  For some reason, I put off reading this book for months.  I tried to convince myself that it didn't look interesting.  Was I ever wrong!  This will stay in my house, I will not trade or sell it, or loan it out.  It's that good!  Reading the author's notes, I discovered it was based on the the Biblical story of Jacob.  Then I had to read it all over again!  And I still loved it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a great story line, but I really get disgusted with the writers that think they have a free license to use the Lord's name in vain. It has become a disgusting passtime and all too prevalent &#34;thing to do&#34;.  And why do they do it? It adds nothing to the story. Just a disgusted feeling and sorrorful feeling for the author. It shows how the people of the world are falling away from God. That is one thing I miss with my Kindle, I always use a black marker and mark out that word from the sentences or stop reading the book altogether."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a wonderfully poignant book that slides seamlessly between the 90 Plus year old Jacob, and his remembrances of his youth when he was 23 and spent time with a traveling circus as its Veterinarian.  The frailities of Jacob who is now in the Nursing Home is portrayed so realistically that it almost seems like those parts of the story are actually written by an old person.  In counterpoint, the story of the younger Jacob's traveling circus adventures seems the same way, as if the author has actually experienced this lifestyle.  With twists and turns, heart melting moments of happiness, heart-wrenching moments of anger and sadness, this book is one that, once started, is hard to put down.  You'll be glad you chose this book to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "One day I was surfing Amazon looking for a good read. There are times when I'm looking for something different that I just go with a good title. Sometimes I'm pleasantly surprised, other times I'm not. This was a pleasant surprise. I'd never heard of the book or the author so I came in on a clean slate. It was a wonderful read, one of those books you hate to put down for mundane things such as work and sleep. I was instantly hooked on the main character, Jake, and the life he led. Sad in spots, dark and violent in some places, bittersweet at times, it was one of those stories that pulled me right in and made it hard to say goodbye when it was over."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just finished reading Water for Elephants and I really enjoyed it. It's a love story and so much more. The author conjured up images so sharp and clear that I often thought of the classic movie The Greatest Show on Earth (directed by Cecil B. DeMille). The characters were well-fleshed and it was obvious from the beginning who was the 'hero' and who was the 'villain', both vying for the beautiful heroine. And then there was a secondary story set in present day that was artfully woven among the vintage circus story. I really enjoyed this book. The author did a fabulous job of drawing in the reader, and I found myself longing for bedtime (my reading time &lt;g>). I know this book has been optioned for a movie and I do hope the director does the book justice."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love the novel, Water for Elephants. It is the exciting tale of a young, veterinary student who ends up working for a third-rate, somewhat corrupt, traveling circus. He cares for the circus animals, while encountering danger, episodes of animal cruelty, violence and romance. It is a heart-pounding and endearing tale, told mostly in flashback.  The characters are larger-than-life, from the cruel circus owner, to the sideshow freaks, to the bawdy young ladies who perform for the grinning men - both onstage ... and off. I just loved this book from start to finish. And for those of you who have seen the film, the book has much more action, and less focus on the romantic angle. An action-packed, colorful story. I could not put it down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was born in 1920.  I grew up during the Great Depression and the Prohibition eras.In 1965 we owned a bait and tackle shop in Venice, Florida.  At that time the Ringling Bros. Circus wintered there and we became acquainted with many circus people.  Our shop was a hangout for them and every evening after rehearsals they would stop by for a beer.The book: \"Water for Elephants\" is extremely well written and I am planning to read more of Sara Gruen's work.I have ordered two more copies and given them to friends.  They have given me very good reports."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As a prize-winning author myself, and a Pulitzer nominee, I know good writing.  This book was so riveting and fascinating I couldn't put it down.In fact, it became so real to me that I began to think of it as non-fiction some time after I'd finished.  I had to read these reviews to recollect it is fiction.  Having read a great many of the posted reviews, I can't help noticing the negative or low rated reviews are sneering and superior, and critical in the extreme.  This is, in my experience, typical of poor writers who feel compelled to comment scathingly on others' skills, but who are incapable of writing compelling literature themselves.  As a professional academic reviewer, I strongly disagree with the snide commentary.  It is a rare gem."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have seen this book on the shelves for sometime now and only just got around to reading it. It was so enjoyable that I read it in a day, I just couldn't put it down. The main character, Jacob, is intriguing without being over complicated. It is a peek into the history of the circus, all the while swirling a great mystery and love affair that will keep you glued to this page turner. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historical fiction, mysteries, and a truly good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book does provide a fairly riveting story set within post depression America and also provides good insights into the circus business during this era. The book balances the dynamics of maintaining a circus in tough economic times against a host of vivid and disparate personalities that can both support and challenge the stability of the circus. For example there is Big Al who runs the circus with a nearly ruthless practicality, \"redlighting\" individuals who violate his rules. There is August, second in command, alternately tough and gracious, supportive and cruel. There is Jacob, the hero, who stumbles into the world after fleeing Cornell Vet School and who subsequently falls in love with August's wife. The book alternates between the young Jacob in the circus and the elderly Jacob in a nursing home. Some of the dialogue the characters use during the depression era sounds like it came from the 21st century but other than that there is a gritty, often grotesque and unblinking realism in everything from death to romance."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed this book as I found it a very quick read with characters I was interested in.Water for elephants is told by an ornery man (Jacob Jankowki, about 90 years old), whose life now consists of residing in an assisted living center, where his children visit when they can.The story goes back and forth from his life in the present, to his life in the past, when by a turn of fate, he found himself traveling with the Benzini Brothers Circus, as their Vet.  The time is the 1920-1930's  and we get to see life during The Great Depression.Their are many eccentric characters, and if you love the circus and animals, there is plenty of that for you.  I found the story of the circus performers lives fascinating.  It really is a great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "In our hurried lives filled with responsibilities and all the stress associated with it, how many of us dream to run away with the circus?Well in Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen, the central character Jacob Janjowski runs away from his life's troubles to join the Benzini Brothers train circus.In this new adventure Jacob comes of age with the circus freaks, clowns, and countless animals that dazzle the imagination of the many that come to peek into a world of wonder. He discovers love, hard work, and his passion for animals.Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen takes the reader on the lost world of the traveling circuits in an age that many lost hope because of the peril circumstances of the Great Depression.The first few pages simply grab you and you will not want to miss this page turner and the mystic circus world."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was skeptical of a book detailing life in a traveling circus.  But overall this was an entertaining and well written book.  There were a few things that didn't flow well or weren't really explained (or at least I didn't understand them) like why Jacob was so outraged at the gentleman who said he had worked at the circus or for what reason Marlena was throwing a suprise for her husband (that ended up going poorly).  But these uncertainties didn't stop me from enjoying the story.  Surprising twist.  Sweet ending."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "90-ish Jacob Jankowski narrates his story in flashbacks from a nursing home. His days with the circus feel more real and alive to him than his current reality.After his parents are killed in a car accident, Jacob runs out on his vet school exams and joins the circus. Circus life is not always easy, but Jacob has experiences with humans and animals that change his life forever.Gruen brings the Depression-era circus vividly to life, along with its many colorful characters. If Rosie the elephant and Bobo the orangutan don't touch your heart, it's made of stone!Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants took a little while to fully grab my attention, with the flash backs between the circus and Jacob's time in the nursing home.  Once it got my attention it held it right through to the very end.There were a few relationships that stood out in my mind.  The first was between Rosemary and Jacob.  Their relationship exemplified the relationship I would hope all nursing home staff had with the residents.  Her understanding and patience as Jacob flashes back and forth between the present day and his youth is remarkable, and her connection seems to surpass the bond he shares with his children.I never would have thought I would enjoy a book that centered around the cicus, but this novel was about so much more than just the shows under the big top.  It focused on love, friendship, aging and compassion."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What an enjoyable book!  The plot, although at times a little predictable, was refreshing and well written.  I fell in love with Jacob young, but especially Jacob old.  His frustration with the tricks his body and mind had played on him were real and understandable.  His joy at the end of the book put a grin on my face. I know there have been quite a few of you who found the profanity excessive and gratuitous, but I think it fit the station of life and the time period and would not let it stop me from a book this enjoyable.  I would recommend this book to anyone, but especially those of you who find the time period of the 30's facinating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What an intriguing story!  From the first gripping lines of the prologue, I was pulled into the world of the traveling circus, a world I had purposefully avoided until now.  Told through the perspective of an elderly man's recollections, this book is full of grit, empathy, and adventure, and is a sharp portrayal of the seedier side of the depression era sideshow life.  The author juxtaposed greed, sloth, abuse, mental illness, and the fascinating circus world of cheap glamour and talented charlatans against the bittersweet remembrances of an old man and his present day frustration with trying to live life more fully at an advanced age.  There is a little surprise at the end that I had not foreseen.  The back of the book describes this work with words like vivid, rich, and riveting.  It is all of those things and more - a great story well told.  Water for elephants is highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Watched the film first and loved it. The book didn't disappoint either. Even though I had watched the film it was an interesting read, it didn't feel boring to read what I've already seen. The characters's good, I especially liked Walter and some other of the minor roles, the rhythm of the writing flowing and easily read. Jacob's tone and style of talking is well carried through the book. It feels like you're there. It was also fascinating to get glimpses of his current, old life. What he had become after all of the adventures, an old man forgotten by his children and family, reliving his past. It was sad, and you could understand his grumpiness.There's just something about circuses that's fascinating. It was interesting to \"learn\" how the circus worked in the 30s, how they travelled by train, how the hierarchy was arranged, how you lived your life in a circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you are like me, you're wanting to read the book before the movie comes out in a few weeks.  I've heard about this book for months, but I never could bring myself to buy it.  A favorite actor of mine is in the movie, so I finally decided to read it.  I am sorry I waited so long to do so!  It's one of the best books I've ever read.  The author's words are so well-written and descriptive, they paint pictures in your mind.  GET THIS BOOK if you want a heart-warming, and at times, thrilling read!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "loved this book! wonderfully written! there was not one flaw in this book. im glad the author didnt focus fully on the romance perspective of the book and her going from jacobs youth to jacob as an elderly from chapter to chapter put a great spin on the story.my heart was broken when his family didnt come for him but it turned out with a good ending. if they wouldve come he wouldve went back to the old folks home and although theres no novel following this one, im sure he dies with the circus just like hes always dreamed to.cant wait to watch the movie :)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of a handful of books I haven't been able to put down easily. Finished in two sittings(!), it's the tale of an old man, reflecting on his youth as a Cornell veterinary school dropout who joins the circus after learning he has no home or family to go back to. Carefully researched, Sarah Gruen takes the reader through a traveling circus from the depression era. Many of the subplots were taken from actual recorded events, adding to the realism of the book. The characters also represented each aspect of the circus; I became concerned for the stage dwarf as much as an old tent setter. The novel also switches from the past time in the circus to the present, where the protagonist reflects on his current state in the nursing home in an often comical fashion, giving a break to the main plot line and building suspense. Highly recommended for those interested in historical novels."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The reviews from \"Booklist\" and \"Publisher's Weekly\" are a little misleading--the book really is more uplifting and not as depressing as the plot elements they have focused upon.  This story leads the reader into the rich and complex world of traveling circuses, circa 1930's.  The journey of the young man reminded me of Clyde Griffiths in Theodore Dreiser's, \"An American Tragedy\", the relationship between Marlena and August reminded me of the dynamics between Sophie and Nathan in William Styron's, \"Sophie's Choice\".  But, in spite of these analogies, the book still isn't depressing!  A good summer read, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a really good, enjoyable, authentic, endearing book.  Thoroughly enjoyable read.  One of a kind, leaves you wanting more of the circus on the rails of the depression era. I also love first-person novels that stay on plot and Gruen doesn't disappoint there.I TOTALLY disagree with another reviewer who said Gruen over-anthropomophized and over-romanticized the animals in the story! Hardly. If anything, if Jacob is a vet, we read very little of him doing his job in context of the story.  And anyone who's around animals or has worked with animals can hardly fail to form emotional attachments to them.When I finished WATER FOR ELEPHANTS, I like I felt when I finished reading FRIED GREEN TOMATOES AT THE WHISTLE STOP CAFE and SEABISCUIT."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A remarkably fast read,leaving the reader breathless from tight action and tingling suspense.  This book reveals the glitz and sparkle of the circus, along with its dark and terrible underside that lurks barely out of sight.  The two time frames - of old Jacob and young Jacob - are carried through smoothly by Gruen, who ties the events together  with skillful repetition of words and phrases.  I wish there were more novels that take place during the Depression - an era that had such enormous impact on our society and continues to reverberate in modern times.  This book did not make me want to run away and join a circus.  It did make me happy that movements toward animal-less circuses have made a toehold."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can't believe it took me this long to pick this book up.  What a great story and very well written.  I always enjoy books that go back and forth between past & present, and the author did it brilliantly.The only thing I disliked was reading about the treatment of the animals, but that is to be expected with a circus story.Would definitely recommend this book to a friend.  I'm sure the upcoming move won't do the book justice, but will at the very least draw some new readers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It's been a long time since a novel about circus life has been published, and this excellent book certainly makes up for all of those missing years. It is a well told tale that is, in part, humorous, tragic, romantic and heartbreaking. The book uses the same narrative device as \"Little Big Man\", that is, a very old gentleman remembering the exciting and adventurous days of his youth, and the circus he accidentally joined. The characters are extremely well drawn, even the minor ones, and I'm sure that the author spend many days delving into circus lore to get the details correct. Being of Polish descent, I enjoyed the fact that the protagonist was Polish, and I was taken back to my grade school days when a character began reciting the \"Our Father\" in Polish! It amazed me that, after all of these years, I could still read and pronounce those words correctly. This is simply a wonderful novel, and I highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I get the creeps when I think of circuses from the mid 1900's. That was one of the reasons I put off reading this book even though I bought it quite some time ago. Eventually I just had no more unread books left and too long for my paycheck to arrive. I picked it up and barely put it down. I really got me hooked from the start and despite my despise of circuses I really liked it. I do think Gruen could have made Marlena more alive in the story. To me, she was just a beautiful girl. Her character never seemed to gain any life. But I especially cared for Jacob and the looking back of the old Jacob. It got me thinking of life, nursery homes and love.  You might even say it moved me. It didn't cure me though - circuses still gives me the creeps!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I picked this book up by chance at the bookstore. I was interested at once in the subject and the characters. I know nothing about the circus and was captivated by the descriptions of depression era circuses. This was all new territory for me and to find out in the notes at the end that all this information was based on fact was exciting.I loved having each chapter start with a picture from the Ringling Brothers circus archives. I wasso happy at the ending, I truly did not see it coming. Such a feel good story. I have recommended it to many of my friends, including my book club. Try it, you will like it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a great book!  I picked it up at my library after hearing it suggested at my book club.  I didn't want the story to end, but I wanted it to end because it was just so powerful and moving.  By the end I was crying from shock, grief, and sheer happiness.  The author took a subject that I've never thought about and gave it so much life.  I want to know more about circus trains and old time circus shows.  Read it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A very unusual book. I couldn't put it down. It gives an insight to circus life in the days when they travelled by train. It is written through the eyes of a young lad who traumatised by the death of his parents was unable to complete his final exam to become a vet and accidentally joins the circus. The characters and the animals are all very real. Some you love and some you hate (never the animals. Anyone who loves circuses and remembers (or would like to know) how they used to be will love this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The love triangle at the heart of the narrative comes right out of Sophie's Choice.  A beautiful yet disconnected young woman and her gregarious alpha male husband befriend and uplift a lonely young intellectual.  The climax confrontation and subsequent revelation of the true nature of the husband's problems are blatant plagiarisms.  But the thing that tipped me off early on wasn't the love triangle.  It was instead when a character named Kinko is mistakenly referred to as \"stinko\".  You may recall Meryl Streep doing the same thing when referring to Stingo.  Unfortuantely for fans of this book, the alpha male character, August, has none of the charms of Kevin Kline.Yet for all its faults I did enjoy the book.  It was very hard to put down, but that may be because the circus is a favorite subject of mine."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story is lovely and you cannot put it down. I read every word from cover to cover. There are also authors notes, an interview with Sara Gruen, and questions for book group discussions.Now back to my title for review. So many of you gave the story away you should not rethink your reviews. Thank G-d, I had already chose to read this book when I read Riding Lessons. I had never read one review on this book before I bought it. I wonder what goody Sara has for us next. It will be fun as long as I stay away from reviews!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "He's 90 or 93 he doesn't really remember and it doesn't really matter anyway because according to Jacob's nothing really matters after a few years in an old folks home.  His bitter and sarcastic exterior conceals a deep pain and the certain knowledge that the better years of his life have passed by.  As Citizen Kane says old age is the only disease that no one wants to be cured of.Things weren't always this way Jacob was young once until an unfortunate series of circumstances ended his hopes of being a vet forever.  He is then taken on a journey across the country with a circus it is a fun little book and well worse the trip.  The characters have life and everything that fictional characters should have.  You'll find it to be so good that even though you can see the ending coming from three miles away you will not even care.Overall-It is rare that I run across a book this good"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The idea of running away with the circus definitely appeals sometimes - especially when your own life has turned into one - but Gruen's gritty, real account of that life is enough to make me tuck in and contain my self to watching Cirque on tv. Scariest part about it is that I know it's based on the truth - not the story, but the time. She did great research on travelling circuses.The romance was gorgeous. And while I refuse to give out spoilers, I will tell you that she surprised me. I was sure the romantic outcome was going to come out one way and she made the change beautifully.The ending? Maybe a little saccharin, but why not? You can't leave the circus without candy floss."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm not sure what to say about this book.  I enjoyed it - it's a cute little historical fiction - but it wasn't fantastic.  just a few random thoughts on the book:* The most interesting character was Walter the dwarf clown and he had a very limited role.* Jacob, the narrator I liked more as a 93yo than as a 23yo, and I never really felt the connection between him and Marlena.* The grime of the circus itself was part of what kept me sucked in - that was brilliantly described.* In the end, I felt a great deal of sympathy for August - he wasn't a good man by any means, but he also was fighting some serious demons.Like I said, I liked the book but I don't feel I need to run out and watch the movie now ...."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This has become a must read with so many favorable reviews I kept looking forward to being captured by it.  It really is two stories in one book.  The old man's story is wonderful.  My father resides in a residency care facility and the insights of the old man made me think about what my father is facing.  The loss of dignity and the battling soul struck home.In my view the main story was only fair.  The story seemed to be telegraphed and I could not get my self terribly interested."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "On the simplest level, all I can say is that it didn't amuse me and I couldn't force myself to finish it. But I'm a \"hard sell\" for fiction, and I can see by the other reviews that many people loved it. Lucky them!On a slightly more analytic level, I'd say that what prevented me from enjoying the book was the \"voice\" of the narrator, who is supposed to be a man in his nineties remembering his youth in the circus. I'm a man approaching seventy, with some circus experiences as a teenager in Iowa and as the father of a circus acrobat in the Cirque de Soleil era. I found the \"voice\" of the narrator unconvincing, extremely unconvincing, as a male of the species and as a male American of the 1930s and 1940s. I couldn't get past that central implausibility. I found myself scoffing at the sensibilities of the pseudo-male narrator at every emotional turn of this quite melodramatic novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As most previous reviewers have said, this is a rich tale of circus life in the '30's. The protaganist, Jacob, is appealing with personality and real human emotion. I feel the author Ms. Gruen has well-researched everything-circus in writing this book.I felt while reading this book I was actually seeing what transpired in my mind's eye-I could see the rough characters come alive and could smell the sawdust, cookin grease, animals and popcorn. I felt what the characters felt when they fell upon hard times. This book also opened my eyes regarding how a rough slice of life a small circus can be.Bring on the circus parade!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is about an old man at the end of his days reflecting upon his life and the events that lead him to run away and join the circus right before he finishes college.  His story goes back and forth between his modern day stay at a nursing home and his days in his early 20s during the Great Depression traveling around the country with the Great Benzini Brothers Circus.Sara Gruen does a phenomenal job of painting a vivid portrait of Depression era America and of the end of the golden age of circus life in the USA.  The Photos that head each chapter are fun little bonuses that let you see the actual performers of this time as well as some of the settings in which the book takes place.The characters come to life and are vivid portrayals of heroes and villians.  The relationships formed amongst all the characters are memorable and keep you wanting more.  A page turner that does a good job of keeping you interested by flipping back and forth between past and present.5 star recommendation."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I usually don't read mass market, best selling paperbacks written by women. Nothing wrong with women writers I just don't read them. A friend at work asked if I wanted to read this book and her previous recs were mostly good.I really enjoyed this story. It was a nice change of pace.If you are a guy read this book cause you then have opportunity to see: What girls want in a man and why girls act like they do. That seems like a blanket statement but being a guy I would not have done many things the hero did and I couldn't understand why he thought what he did and was so against sound advice til I realized the author was a women and she was trying to write from a guys perspective. Of course what I have written may not be true and there are surely arguments against but I think I am right.I think you should read this book and am looking forward to the movie"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was so well researched, that you are transported effortlessly  back in time with Jacob .  Upon learning that most of the incidents in the book are true, just makes this already incredible book all the more awe inspiring. It is impossible not to get caught up in Jacob's life with the circus.  The characters he encounters during his circus days are so real sometimes you think you can actually smell them, but it's his relationship with the animals, especially Rosie the elephant, that particularly touch your heart.  You won't easily forget Rosie and you'll be glad when Jacob can't either.  There is nothing more satisfying than when you finish a book and you feel like you also were part of the adventure.  I am so glad I was packed and ready."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was apprehensive about reading this book since I watched the movie first. I didn't want to compare and then end up with mixed feelings. I'm so happy that I did watch the movie first because I feel I had a better view of the books layout. The story kept me on the edge of my seat even though I had expectations for the events outcomes. I love that the story of Jacob was related to the bible and I commend the author for that. Amazing book. I love the feeling after reading an outstanding  book and this is surely one of them. Excellent job."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Even people who say \"I only read nonfiction\" can enjoy this entertaining novel, which is rich with fascinating details about life in a traveling circus during Prohibition and the Depression. For example, circus members stocked up on booze in Canada and sneaked it across the border into the US  by storing it in the middle of the train car carrying camels, because camels spit, and customs agents didn't want to mingle with them. Against an unusual background, the fictional characters (humans and other animals) weave a story that keeps readers turning the pages."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For months, everytime I was in a bookstore - I found that I would gravitate toward this book, read the back and place it back on the shelf.  I should have listened to my instinct.  After many positive recommendations from friends and reading the reviews, I relunctantly check the book out at the local library.  I started reading with an open mind.  After about 200 pages, I phone my friend to ask her if I was missing something, because I just didn't care of the story and I couldn't seem to find a connection with any of the characters.  At this point, she instructed me to stop reading - \"because of you don't like it now, there isn't anything earth shattering that will happen that will make you change your mind.\"  I didn't listen, and she was right."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love this novel. I started reading a printed version, but I had a hard time distinguishing character voices as it was not always marked. And then there were alternating \"young\" and then \"old\" point of view chapters. Before giving up (because I have the same type of challenge when I read Amy Tan novels), I switched to the audio \"book on tape\" and LOVED the book. One of the best novels I've read. And the voice-over talent who read the audio version is a very, very good storyteller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Too graphic for kids, too infantile for adults...this was just an OK book. I read it because several people recommended it for our book club at work. Many of the characters were so badly drawn and one-dimensional that I lost interest mid-story. The August character in particular was the worst creation: he's a ripoff of Nathan from William Styron's \"Sophie's Choice.\" Marlena is just sequined cardboard. I enjoyed the setting because there's something fascinating about circuses, or else I would have rated this lower than 3 stars. For a book supposedly about people who care about animals, it doesn't have touching moments or much emotion. Vastly overrrated novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Excellent read! Ms. Gruen masters character and plot with beautiful prose. I remained captivated and found myself caring for the diverse cast.  Ms. Gruen successfully evokes a sense of the times, the desperate nature of survival during the Depression, as well as one's attempt to salvage one's sense of self as age betrays the body.  The storyline is suspenseful, true to period, and woven through with a touch of romance.  The setting is gritty and evokes the reality of Circus life on the road and  the behind-the-scenes work required to attain the magical world the public craves.  Well done!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I thoroughly enjoyed this book and couldn't wait to share it with others. All of my friends who've read it, love it as well. As you can tell from the near 5 star consensus from reviewers, this is a wonderful book, so I don't really need to go into a long drawn out review, but I will say that I loved the rich, interesting characters who felt like old friends by the end of the book and the story was engrossing and lovely - a true love story between lovers, between friends and between man and beast. And the total immersion into another world and time was just a bonus. You can't go wrong with this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants was a fantastic book.  Easy to read and interesting.  Most impressively, a topic that I never gave much thought to, Depression-Era travelling train circuses, was something I enjoyed reading about.  To be honest, I never knew there was such a topic.  Now I'm wondering if there are any Industrial Revolution cat juggling books out there that I should be reading.  Anyway, Gruen seemed to do a decent amount or research for the book, so I learned a little something about the topic.  The best part of the book was the fantastic ending.  More books should end like that."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read Water For Elephants for the second time on Kindle and it was just as exciting as the first time I read it. The book is like being right there at a Barnum and Bailey circus with popcorn and peanuts.  The character, Marlena, was so real, accepting her role as the abused woman and then finally escaping the tyrant she had married.  All of the characters seemed to come to life there on the page.  I thoroughly enjoyed all the scenes. And in the end, when the animals were stampeding, it was interesting to learn that the circus band struck up a particular march to alert the circus performers to take cover or escape.  An excellent read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen spins a fascinating tale of murder, love, obsession, and life in Water for Elephants.  The characters were interesting and well developed.  Her portrayal of the elderly was spot-on without being stereotypical.  That's a very difficult thing to do; not many authors are capable of unraveling the story of an elderly character.Her portrayal of circus life is intriguing, and the characters never failed to invoke strong feelings of endearment, horror, amusement, or pity.  I wouldn't call this a \"must read,\" but it is definitely an interesting story that was well written and well researched."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water For Elephants, written by Sara Gruen, is a book told as a memoir by a fictional ninety-something old man about his time with the circus as a young man. This experience matured him and forever changed the direction of his life.This book is charming. I could relate to the characters and understand their motivations easily. I enjoyed reading it and have re-read it several times. I highly recommend it to everyone. (Should be at parents discretion as there are some adult themes. Probably best for those over thirteen.)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved reading this as I had been taken to a circus a lot as a little girl in NE Illinois and as an adult I worked in 8 different nursing homes. It was wonderful seeing it from the patient's eyes and reading his story. I remember many a story told by patients. One was an old silent movie star! I wonder if Sara Gruen had any nursing home experiance as she nailed it including the caring and non caring type of people that work there and why some of the patients may be grumpy. The view of the circus behind the scenes was a fantastic story!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a beautifully constructed book. The circus atmosphere is rich and detailed, and it's redolent of its time period. The images are strong and the pace, while not fast, is stately -- perhaps the way an elephant moves??I deducted a star for two reasons. First, it seemed that some leaps in the story came too quickly. Jacob should have spent a bit more time with Rosie before he made the statement \"I was close to falling in love with her;\" that happened a bit too fast to be believable. Also, the ENDING was awful: contrived and saccharine. That was a huge disappointment, after the rest of the book.Overall, though, a literary and very good read, two things that don't always go together."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first heard about Water for Elephants as a project that began during NaNoWrimo a few years back when I was trying NaNoWrimo for the first time. It was inspiring to hear.Yet it took me years to get around to reading this book despite many recommendations.I LOVED it!The author did a lovely job of handling so many characters big and small. She kept solid control over their little quirks, tics, etc.I particularly enjoyed seeing everything first-person present through Jacob's eyes, but I do think he was more of a woman's man than a man's man. Not that I need him to be a boar or a brute, but he was a touch more on the emotional swing side than I generally like in male characters in stories of this ilk.Didn't really matter though, because the whole package of this tale enchanted me.Wholeheartedly recommend (but be prepared to be disappointed with the movie if you read the book first)."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was really eager to read this book after seeing all the great reviews for it.  However,  I started reading it and could not get into it.  The whole first half dragged for me, with not too much going on in the story. The writing was difficult to read at times, and I agree with some of the reviewers here, it often read as a screenplay which made it that much harder to get into.  But about halfway through the book, the plot starts moving and I actually end up finishing the book and I'm glad I did.  I'm still not sure why the book itself is getting rave reviews, but I am looking forward to seeing how the movie version of the book will turn out."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finally got around to reading Water for Elephants, it's been on my Kindle forever. I was interested in seeing the movie, but didn't want to until I read the book.It was good, especially the end. At times I wanted to finish just to move on to my next book, but at the end of I was hooked on seeing what would happen next. For some reason, I didn't get what all the craze was about though. Probably because I read a lot of really excellent books this year, including another circus book that blew this one away."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I read a book, I want to immerse myself in it.  I don't want jarring inconsistencies to remind me that it's fiction, and not particularly well written fiction at that.  The speech of Jacob, who supposedly is in the setting of 70 years ago, is disturbingly nonauthentic.  People at that time didn't use the same phrases we use now and putting them in, when you're picturing them in the dress and background of that time period is annoying and unnecessary.  This author needed a better editor.  It's not a 'best' book and the fact that the author is begging for votes makes you wonder about her integrity."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had high expectations for this, but it was kind of a chore to finish.  It was too depressing!  Too much brutality to the circus animals AND the circus humans, drunkenness, filth, squalor -- plus the portrait of life in the nursing home was grim.  When the narrator finally gets his true love, the author rushes through it in a few sentences and then goes back to the grimness.  I give her two stars because she's obviously done a lot of research on circuses, and I thought the photos were charming."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was recommended to me by a few different people.  I knew NOTHING about it when I went to pick it up.  I was hesitant at first.  I am not a fan of the circus at all.  But knowing that one of the friends that had recommended it is also not a fan of the circus, I was cautiously optimistic.I am glad that I gave it a chance.  It is a well written story that really draws a vivid picture for you.  A great reflection of the times with a love story that had me in tears in parts.  Highly recommend to all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't think words are beautiful enough to describe this book. I was in love with this from the get go. Throughout this book, I caught myself smiling as I read... full on cheesy smile, as I was totally entranced by the world I was lost in. I also found tears in my eyes over and over- both in joy and sadness. This book tore through me.I can't really review this beyond saying that Water for Elephants was magical. If you have yet to read this (which I highly doubt, considering I am one of the last people on earth to read it), stop everything and go start it now.This is one of those novels that I wish someone had thrust this one on me so I could have experienced the beauty that this story is earlier."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I thought this book was wonderful!  I loved the way the author juxtaposes the young Jacob with the older Jacob; such a method has the potential to be jerky or awkward, but the transitions are smooth and the reader can easily manage to keep up with both storylines.Gruen is a skilled storyteller, I was caught from the first page and couldn't put the book down.  I love when a book does that, and makes me both happy and sad, and this book does both of these things at various points.  The most emotional aspect of the book for me was how Jacob felt about being in a nursing home, his frustration at having a \"young\" mind in an older body, and being treated as though he's senile by the nursing home staff as well as his own family.  This happens a lot in our culture, we tend to pack away the old because we don't want to be reminded of what we will be one day.  Wonderful, wonderful.  5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants takes you to the time of the Great Depression on a circus train.  I was hesitating on reading this story because I thought it would be heartbreaking.  It's hard for me to read about animal cruelty and reading about a circus there is bound to be some ugly scenes.  There are some scenes that were hard to read, but for the most part I felt the author did spare us the raw details.  Sara Gruen knows how to write rich details in such a way that the circus jumped off the pages.  I felt like I was there surround by the sounds and smells of the circus.  I loved the characters and Rosie the elephant was the show stopper.  It was a pleasure reading this story and a huge plus for me that it had a happy ending."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Following a family tragedy, Jacob Jankowski abandons life as a college student, and instead of working as a veterinarian alongside his father, finds himself caring for animals in a traveling circus--the Benzini Brothers Most Spectacular Show on Earth. Jacob befriends numerous characters, from the glamorous performer Marlena, to the alcoholic Camel, who works setting up the circus, to the Benzini Brothers' star elephant, Rosie. As he travels between different castes of the circus and across America, Jacob narrates the triumphs and hardships experienced by the people and animals of the Great Depression-era attraction.Interspersed throughout the novel are chapters that introduce the reader to the present-day, nonagenarian Jacob, as he laments his current living arrangement in a nursing home.Despite several graphic descriptions of animal abuse and the cruelty displayed the novel's antagonists, the story is ultimately fun, escapist and sentimental, with an optimistic, if improbable, conclusion."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants captivates the reader with its deeply moving and touching storyline.It is charming,magical.... laced with sadness,humour,joy. The story of a young man who loses everything dear to him in this world and then finds meaning and happiness in the most unexpected and least likely place....a traveling circus. The book really brings to life the spirit and times of a traveling circus(set in the backdrop of the Great Depression). Its many colorful,unique characters vividly bring to life this largly forgotten bygone era.Water for Elephants is simply a pleasure to read.  The only drawback to the book is that there is quite a bit of cursing and several sexually explicit passages that might offend certain readers.If you can overlook or skip these rough spots you will certainly experience great pleasure in reading Water for Elephants."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I decided to start writing reviews since I always read through them before buying a book. I'll probably only give a handful of five-star reviews. This and Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet are my favorite books from what I've read this past year, and I've done a lot of reading.  The story just sucked me in.  Usually when a book goes back and forth between past and present there is one time period I prefer over another.  I will trudge through the less preferred period of time just to get to the better part.  In this book, I enjoyed both past and present equally. It's just well done."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have never read anything like this and I loved every page.  Very few books have actually made me gasp in shock.  There is so much about the traveling circus that is appalling yet intriguing at the same time.  And who knows what is fact and fiction?  Gruen blends the two beautifully.  I am now really interested to learn more about this era of the circus.  I read my copy in 3 days and have already loaned it out.  Trust me, this is a good book!  And so different from any story line I've ever read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The parts of this book that dealt with the main character in old age, were very insightful and I enjoyed that.  But quite honestly had I known that it would detail the abuse of the circus animals and then also the detailed sex acts I would never had purchased this.  I wish I knew how to delete it from my Kindle.  I also wish someone else had mention this in the reviews that I saw.  I NEVER stop reading a book, but had to quit about 35% of the way thru it, it was disgusting and I am not a prude.I would never recommend this book, nor will I venture to the movie."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Spolier Alert (kinda): I really enjoyed the reflection of the characters past and present. I found the love story to be a bit wishy washy.  when visting the main characters past I didn't really buy into the &#34;love at first sight&#34; idea. Not sure why, but I was asking why? Why did Marlena fall in love with Jacob? What made him stand out so much? It sounds bad that i say that, but I just didn't feel a spark between the characters. The whole damsel in distress was manufactured. Additionally, it was super convenient the way they ended up together in the end. Overall, I did enjoy the story and I was more drawn to the present version Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants was one of those books that was difficult to put down.  The prose flowed very smoothly. The subject of the circus world during the depression was well researched and make accessible to the reader.  It could be read on many levels, but even a surface level was satisfying.My only problem, as with many best sellers, was that the action was in places not very realistic.  This may be a bit picky, but after suffering from a concussion, nobody is ready to climb on top of a moving train and hop between cars, no matter how pumped they are with adrenaline.  Such lapses in credibility hurt an otherwise wonderful novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I found this book fairly well crafted, but did not believe in the characters or the story, which seemed awfully thin and contrived. The author admits in a postscript that she borrowed extensively from old newspaper stories and made up composite characters based on real-life people and animals, which is close to plagiarism if you ask me. The main character, Jacob, who is 93, and tell the story in flashbacks, is much too lucid for his age to be credible, and Marlena, the woman he eventually steals, comes across as flat and uninteresting.Like other reviewers, I found the dialogue artificial and at times anachronistic. Haven't seen the movie but not much source material to work with."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The strength of the book is its narrative flow. I particularly liked the little catch-words that usually connected the \"assisted living\" chapters with the circus chapters. Gruen generally wrote in such connections, and I found them both ingeniously crafted and useful in uniting the narrative.In addition to telling a great story, Gruen gives a remarkably detailed picture of the circus world of the 1930s. I had definitely never heard of a \"cooch tent\" before reading this book, for example, and Gruen's depiction of its solo practitioner is thoughtful, humane, and free of cliches. The ideas of circuses getting booted out of town, of people getting booted off the circus trains, and of entrepreneurs cannibalizing the remnants of failed circuses were also quite fascinating.To the extent that Gruen wanted to make an analogy to the biblical Jacob story by obscurely dropped hints and anagrammed names, I think, however, that she pushed too far. This novel stands nicely on its own without this type of symbolism or metaphor."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Beautifully written with characters that define humanity with their strengths but more so their weaknesses, WATER FOR ELEPHANTS is a most touching tale that brings the reader into a completely different and lost world of the travelling circuses during the Great Depression.What makes Sara Gruen's novel all too unique is her ability to bring us into the lives of her ordinary characters leading such extraordinary existence in the circus world.  Amidst the spectacle to provide temporary entertainment lies the cruelty and the debauchery never seen outside the performance area. A grumpy dwarf and his pet, an elephant who exhibits exceptional talent and is more human than the people around her ... a circus star and a would-be vet ... who would have thought that an insight into their lives can so summarize the abandonment of youth ...and the sadness of old age reviewing an existence that has come to pass?One of the most worthwhile reads for quite a time, this novel is a gem."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Our Kindle Book Club gave this book 7 out of 10.  I liked the way Gruen brought a life together and illustrated the ways we gain respect and lose respect.  The history of the Circus life was based on fact, it showed the degree of cruelty toward animals and humans in the desire to make money. There was also a degree of cruelty and lack of respect in the Nursing Home. The love story was nicely developed without becoming the main story.  We loved Jacob he was a good man.  The ending was brilliant, he won!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book! I couldn't put it down! It was a bit \"fluffier\" reading than I originally thought it would be, but it was fabulous none-the-less. The descriptions are vivid, not cliched; the characters are interesting; and the weaving of present-day Jacob with the Jacob of a bygone era is delightful.I would call this a must read... not because it will change your life or make you think about the world around you, but because it is just so enjoyable. I gave it a 4.5 because it isn't a book that will make you think long after the last page is read, but it will make you sad you've left the colorful circus world of Jacob Jankowski."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had heard of this book for awhile and kept considering it but I hate to say it wasn't until I saw the trailer for the movie coming out soon that really caught my attention. So the next day I went out and bought it, starting it immediately. The story is extremely well written, with details that enabled me to picture how everything appeared in a big top circus during that time. You immediately connect with Jacob from the start as his journey continues, pulling for him page after page. The other characters are well written with the story, feeling the happiness, joy and sadness each of them feel as the story continues.It's really hard not to say too much without giving the story away. This is a book I will be recommending to everyone as it is a story that has a bit of everything wrapped into one- so many emotions page after page. Knowing the fate of most the characters at the end, you want more but already have an idea of how their story ends."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book so much, I did not want the story to end.  Alternately told between the main character as a youth and reminiscing as an old man.  This takes you back to a time when the world was a lot simpler, if you remember the time when a circus would show up in your small town and just as quickly disappear.  The end is a gem, won't spoil it for those who have not read it.  I couldn't put it down, just pure entertainment."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Have you ever asked yourself these questions? \"What is a life worth? How do you judge if someone is worth saving? What does it mean to be human? What distinguishes an animal from a human being?\" Hidden beneath this easy-to-read though dark coming-of-age romance is a theme that prompts the reader to ask the above questions. The answer come through the reminiscing of protagonist Jacob Jankowski--a man at the end of his fascinating life. The story begins with the circus rolling into town, triggering a flood of Jankowski's memories, full of pleasure, joy, love, hate, regret & guilt. Sara Gruen brings the quaint circus existence of the mid 20th century to life through meticulous research and wonderful storytelling. Anyone who ever dreamed of running away to the big top or just dreamed of running away should read this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was amazing. The pace is almost like the circus train itself: it starts chugging forward slowly and then before you know it, you're flying so fast you can barely keep your balance! Gruen's writing is so evocative -- you feel like you are on that train and in those tents. You taste the food, smell the smells, hear the sounds, feel the animals and the movement of the train. It's amazing that she could write so vividly about an era in history with which she had no prior knowledge before writing the book.The only thing I didn't like about it were the scenes involving animal cruelty. I knew they would be there, given the subject matter, but it was still difficult. However, I give Gruen credit for not making them gratuitous. They were important to developing the story line and the characters.All in all, a great ride!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow! Water for Elephants was recommended by a friend of mine. She loved the book so much, she bought it for me. I am happy she did!! This story was heartfelt, mind blowing, awesomely good!!!!!! Sara definitely has a masterpiece on her hands. Jacob and Marlena' s life, Rosie, all the crew, and other animals. What they went through and how they end up. I loved and cried. Camel and Walter, so sad. Water for Elephants is A must read!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the worst books I have ever read. I have to admit I did not finish it. It was simultaneously boring, cliched, badly written and trite. Oh and repetitive. The only redeeming feature of the book was the parts where Jacob was an old man. If the author could write like that more consistently then she would be on to something. I cannot figure out why people love this book so much. If you compare it to another recently very popular book, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, at least that book was riveting, even though it was also not very well written. I am not looking for Faulkner, but if a book is not high literature it should at least have a compelling plot. This book had neither neither good writing style nor an interesting plot. Don't waste your time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It honestly took me weeks to finally talk myself into buying this book, I just said screw it and did it. I started reading it and could not put it down. By far my favorite book. (this month anyhow) I love to read the books before I see the movie and even though 9 out of 10 times I am very disapointed with the movie I honestly can not wait to see this movie! I think that the book was so real and made me feel like part of the circus so much that watching the movie will make me feel even more so part of the circus. I passed this book along to a \"reading buddy\" of mine and told her just read it! She text me the next day and said she had just finished it and it was SOOOOOO GOOD (This girl in not one to read a book in a day) If you are reading these reviews trying to descide weather to buy this or not by suggestion is.... Just buy it! Well worth the money!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book at the recommendation of a client...I loved it!  I read this book quite some time ago about two years ago and still think about some of the characters.  While reading this book, I often found myself so deep in the story, I could smell the smells and hear all of the people talking.  I want to see the movie as I am sure it will be entertaining, my only concern outside of the obvious, (if you read a lot you will agree it is a rare movie that can compare to the book).  I  so enjoyed this book and I would be disappointed if the characters were not portrayed as beautifully on the big screen as I have them in my mind.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a beautifully written story that is sure to stay with you long after the final page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book.  It was sometimes hard to read, when Rosie the elephant was being beaten, for example, but overall, it was so incredibly good.  One point that bothered me, though.  WHY did the author NOT have Jacob turn back and look for Walter???  Just because the other men said he \"probably did not survive the night\" does not mean he didn't.  At very least Jacob SHOULD have gone back and found out for sure, especially since Walter had done a lot of good for him.  That was the only part of the book I felt let down by, although I still loved the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'd probably never have picked up this book on my own, but it was chosen by a book club I've been coerced into joining.  It was an enjoyable book and very quick to read.  It's the story of a young man who accidently joins a mangy circus during the depression following a personal tragedy, and grows up in the process.  The background of the circus, particularly at this time in recent history, was vivid and fascinating, and it would be worth reading the book for that alone."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is about a young man lost a down time of now family, no work but finds a Circus and gets on by watering the elephants, Not fitting in but still clinging on.  Fell in love with someone he could not have, finally wins the love, but looses frightening friendship with the crazy Ringmaster, and manager of the Circus.  We go through the hard times of the circus money not knowing what comes next and everyone is Leary of everyone.  At the End he learns he had a great life even as strange as it was. It was a good story about the hard time in that timeline and period."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was practically forced to read this book by my partner, who loved it and would not stop insisting that I had to read it. I offered lots of excuses as I put it off, but the truth is, I couldn't care less about the circus. When I finally gave in and started reading Water for Elephants, I realized on the first page that my apathy for the circus didn't matter.This was a touching, clever, totally unexpected story. It offers a window into how we treat the elderly, animals, and people of a different class, without ever being preachy. There were times when I feared it would become a depressing wallow, but that never happened. The unexpected upswing at the end was particularly satisfying. A great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a fun story, cleverly delivered as Jacob moves back in time to relive his story and returns to the present, his disgruntled present.  Some critics have complained about the ending, but I'd have to say they are Bah, humbug critics.  The ending is delightful, one of the best ever. This is a feel good story and it IS fiction, so the complainers, IMO, just don't understand Suspended disbelief.  The story is magical in its authentic setting and making you feel you are under the big top. It is sometimes shocking, sometimes painful, always compelling. Don't miss this one.  ...Karleene Morrow, author of Destinies, a novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "While certainly Water for Elephants includes the harsh reality of what circus life was like during the depression, I found it more of a story of hope, love and survival. How desperation drives people to do tragic things to one another, yet just when you think all is lost, a surprising hero can save the day.As with any good story, the author must offer conflict and contrast, and as much as animal cruelty existed in the story, so did an intense love for animals that some of the characters had. In many ways this story was one of good vs. evil set in the unusual backdrop of the circus train.This is one of my new favorites.  I read it twice, about a year apart and I enjoyed it as much the second time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was a quick read, and I thought it was very interesting. The reader gets a close up view of the inner workings of the circus, the performers, animal caretakers, etc, mixed in with a love story of sorts. However, even though the book was good, it was not great. It's not one I'd want to keep, or read again. The author introduced too many characters too quickly, and only after reading on for awhile do you sort them out. I didn't really come to love any of the characters enough to care much about what happened to them. The plot seemed weak, character development weak. I liked the HBO series Carnivale, and although this is also a circus book, it was slightly disappointing to me."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book hit every note for me.  Gruen had me the moment she introduced Jacob as a veterinarian and Marlena as a horsewoman.  Perfection!The adventures, the setting, the desperation of the animals, the workers and of the lovers all came together to make such a beautiful, memorable read for me. Sweet revenge and a perfect ending make this one of my top ten reads (and re-reads) time after time.  I've since recommended it to many people and it remains a favorite to this day."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book last year and am sincerely hoping that the movie is able to sufficiently capture the adventure, romance, and poignancy.  I not only enjoyed the flashbacks to the days in the circus - I REALLY enjoyed the perspective of the character in a current day nursing home.  This book has it all and is written in a way that it easily became a movie in my mind as I read.  Many times books like this have sad endings but the ending to this story is excellent!  I highly recommend this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After the sudden death of his parents, veterinary student Jacob joins the circus, where he falls in love with the elephant Rosie and her rider Marlena. Both of his loves, though, are horrifically abused by August, the animal trainer. The setting of a circus during the Great Depression, and Gruen's obvious affection and knowledge of the period and setting, create an engaging book, but the plot and main characters leave much to be desired in terms of originality or interest. Though gritty and unflinching, particularly in its look at animal cruelty, the book's potential is wasted, sadly. Turns out to be pretty meh. Grade: C+"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was curious.  I knew there was a movie based on the book.  I had never seen that movie as I thought it looked cheesy.  So I took a chance on the book and was not disappointed!What a view into the circus culture!  Things the customers don't see and would never expect!  I've been dying to see the movie since and can't find it in Redbox and none of my friends own it.  And it's not On Demand!  I will see it at some point though.  I think now it will be worth it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen's gorgeous new novel, WATER FOR ELEPHANTS, unfolds as a dual narrative, alternating between Jacob Jankowski's life as a nonagenarian, and his time spent working for a ragtag Depression-era circus as a young man. The plot is captivating (I missed two meals because I didn't want to put the book down) and Gruen's writing, as always, is transcendent. She deftly evokes a fascinating period in American history that deserves to be revisited, and her characters--human and animal alike--will stay with you long after you turn the last page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Despite haunting cover art and a great title, despite obvious research and well thought out prose, and despite the fact that this book is the darling of the Independent Booksellers Association, I felt let down.  Part of the problem was that I expected a lot and had held this book on my shelf, until I could really savor it.  It does start out strong, and Gruen keeps her time periods well separated.  But the characters, especially the narrator, feel stock and unfinished and merely devices on which to hang the proceeds of research.  Because of the plusses of the book enumerated in the opening sentence of my review, I give 3 stars, but for the back story, it would be fewer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book because I wanted to see the movie.  I opened it and the first few pages compelled me to download it immediately.  I have been reading it through the new year and hate putting it down!  AWESOME book, it has everything you'd think went &#34;behind the scenes&#34; in the 30s in a circus...  :)Plus the Jacob J character at 90 or 25 is an amazing write... being a writer, I can say that the character had me at the visual in the first few pages!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I actually wanted to give this book a 4.5 because it was more than your average \"I like it\" 4, but not quite the brain-exploding-spectacular 5. It was close, though. When I started reading, I wasn't sure if I'd like it; the story started slowly and felt disjointed at times. By the time I was about half-way through, however, I was flying through the pages, sneaking off to read every moment I could spare. I even read in the middle of the work day! Crazy. But it was that good. The circus culture of the early 1900s always intrigues me, particularly where it relates to animals. Gruen treated the topic with affection and accuracy, both of which she deftly imparts to the reader. I love Rosie the Elephant. A word to the wise: this novel was fairly gritty both for violence and sex, so not for YA readers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book.  I could not put it down, because I was in such suspense about what would happen next.  I particularly love the storyline of the character as an old man in a nursing home - having worked in nursing homes, the descriptions are spot on.  I laughed out loud at his antics, and cried when characters I had grown to love were lost to tragedy.  I have never read a book where an elephant is a main character and pivotal to the story.  All I can say is \"WOW.\""}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Never having been particularly interested in all things circus-y, I put this book back on the bookstore shelf more than once. But an Amazon review of another, quite unrelated novel referenced this book so I picked up a copy. Really glad I did. This is a well-paced novel that doesn't fall into the trap of doubling as a documentary on the early twentieth century circus trade. It is engaging, romantic, with sufficient drama and excitement to keep the pages turning over well into the night. Maybe at times a little cute, but a solid four-star effort."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm torn on my opinion about this book which I just finished last night.  I loved the parts where Jacob was old; it successfully portrayed the anguish and confusion anyone would feel when their independence, privacy, and basically their rights are taken away from them. I really felt it.  The story grabbed me right away and continued to be enjoyable and interesting through about half the book; then it deteriorated a bit after that.  All in all though I enjoyed the book and the characters and am not sorry I read it.  Definitely easy reading.Laura"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book because it was rated so highly and it was a NaNoWriMo novel. Somehow I made it to the bit that describes the old man having a shower which is about a 1/3 the way through according to my Kindle progress bar. I don't know how. I found it so incredibly vulgar that I just couldn't keep going. I didn't even care enough about the characters or the story to skip to the last few pages to find out what happened. In fact, I wish I could erase what I did read from my head and gain back the time I wasted reading it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just finished this book, and oh my word, what a fun, very quick read :-)  The story was wonderful and I loved the back and forth from the \"old\" Jacob to the \"young\" Jacob, the the past reality, to the current reality.The detail of the writing was so descriptive that I felt like I was in the hobo \"city\" or seeing the high trestle that Walter & Camel were thrown off of. It was just an amazing story, I'd suggest it to anyone, at any age."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you're looking for a book that's entertaining and different, Water for Elephants is perfect.  The novel is about Jacob, a 93 year old man living in a nursing home evaluating his present condtion and reflecting on his past. Through flashback, he tells of his experiences as a caretaker and sometimes veterinarian of the animals of the Benzeni Brothers Circus. There is adventure, suspense, murder, and even a love story. While it is fiction, Gruen does an excellent job of researching the history of the circus which results in an interesting and insightful look into what it means to be a part of a traveling circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't sure about this - circus and elephants and all. I was afraid it was going to be about animal abuse and very sad. Well - there is that, but it's so much more than that. You'll be transported to a different time and a location most of us will never experience - the backdoor view of a circus. Each character is so real, I felt I could regonize them.  And although I wasn't even around when the story took place - at least the early part, I could picture everything right down to the smells and sounds! The author has a terrific grasp of aging as well. Sympathetic but not syrupy. The aged Jacob is quite a character as he struggles with the indignities associated with 'assisted' living and the recollections of a past - recollections that he was just now ready to reveal at age 90 or was that 93?"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've been seeing this book for years at book stores and amazon website but for some reason I wasn't interested. The idea of a novel that takes place in a circus didn't seem exciting to me. Then, the kindle version of the book is offered with a great price and I reluctantly buy it and even more reluctantly read it. What a surprise... I really enjoyed it and couldn't put it down. The main character, Jacob, is brilliant especially at old age. I learned a lot about circus life and people. I thought the ending was marvelous. Now, I have to watch the movie and see how it compares to the novel. Very enjoyable read and highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I recently finished reading Water for Elephants.  The historical elements in this novel were carefully researched which made for a thrilling book.  I loved the way the story was told by an elderly man living in a nursing home and it bounced back and forth between timelines.  You fell in love with the grumpy man and you think about what the elderly actually feel like when they are forced to live in places like this. His story is touching and you really get to know all of the characters.  The elephant is a sweetheart and it's amazing how smart she is.  Great book and look forward to seeing the movie to see how well it was done."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Water For Elephants\" paints a runaway's story of joining the circus, interspersed with an old man's sad realities.  Bringing to life colorful characters that abound in the time of the train circus, Gruen strikes a balance between the despondency of the 1930s and the timelessness of hope and longing, both in the past and present.  An easy coming-of-age  must-read to curl up by the fire with!(I can't say I'm surprised that the book is being turned into a movie, though it'll be interesting to see if the movie manages to capture the poignancy of the old man's recollections...)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A very well-written piece of literary fiction that is not easily forgotten.  I picked up the novel because of its great reviews and my disdain for the circus and inhumane treatment of circus animals, but ended up loving it because of a very engaging plot and my great affection for the main character in particular.  This novel is SO much more than a great story of Depression-era circus workers and performers; that simply lays the very interesting foundation. The ending was the best I've read in a long time and brought the novel full circle.  I look forward to more books by Sara Gruen!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had no desire whatsoever to read this book until I saw a trailer for the movie. The tailer caught my eye and since books are always better then the movie I took a chance and found that I thought it was a great story. The story felt real. It's a very believeable read and I liked that it wasn't sugar coated. It held my interest and taught me a lot about circus life in that time period. The ending completely caught me off guard. Water for Elephants is a story that will stay with me forever. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Just finish reading this last night around 1 A.M.Good BookOne of those stories told by going back and forth between past and present. I love books written that way.Anyway the story is about a young veterinary student who falls into terrible misfortune and with few options joins a travelling circus, The (unscrupulous) Benzini Brothers Most Spectacular Show on Earth.Time period is in the 1920's or 30's, during The Great Depression. Narrated by an old man, 90 or 93 he says. Who is (unhappily) living out his days at a nursing home. Ah but he wasn't always an old man.The book appears to have been carefully researched and many of the characters and incidents are based on actual people, animals and or occurrences in circus of times past.At times funny, sad, heartbreaking yet hopeful this one will stay with me for a long while. I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This audiobook was so well done! Two different readers provide for the voices of the man at 93, living in a rest home and his 23 year old self in memory. Alternate chapters keep the reader torn between hearing the story of Jacob and his experiences with a circus during the depression and his later self coping with another type of depression as he deals with a worn out body and his limited life as he waits to die. Anyone with compassion for older people will find this story heart wrenching and enlightening at the same time. Excellent!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After all the hype about this book, I finally gave in to reading a borrowed copy. I wanted to like it, truly I did.  I made it to page 164 with some effort.  The characters were not developed well enough for me to like them.  Also, I work with elderly people and the narrator as an elderly man was not altogether believable.What I did enjoy was learning a bit about the circus business  back in the 30s.Please if you know of some real 5-star novels, non-romance, let me know."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I could not put this book down.  Maybe it's because I love history, and this novel is so very rich with it. Or maybe it's because I've always been a hopeless romantic, rooting for people who shouldn't be in love to find their happy ending.  Or maybe it's my penchant for heroes who are thrust into unfamiliar territory, in this case the circus world, and have to find their way.  Whatever...this book stayed with me long after I finished it, and that's the best kind of read of all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I do!  The story had me hooked - I felt like I was a part of this exotic traveling troupe and despite the horrors and sadness in it, I couldn't be pulled away.  Especially heart-rending was the author's detailed depiction of the heavy-laden post-depression days and what one tragedy can do to a person: turn his life upside down. The storyline had my emotions wrapped up in the circus, and in the next moment, broke my heart for the lonely old man in a nursing home.  Excellent read that pulled me in and caught my breath."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The various characters made this story interesting.  Each brought a part of every day life.  Some were misjudged.  I did not like the fact that one could not trust anyone well unless he/she were very well acquainted with each person.  the story was fascinating and circus life was presented as hard work, low pay, and no home for many.  I would recommend this book to imaginative spirits, and to those who trust and judge too easily and quickly.  There were some tender parts that were a relief from all the cheating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If I live to be a thousand years old, I will never understand the hoopla surrounding this novel.  It was praised for its meticulous research, but while reading it I found myself thinking that it had been written by somebody who had never been to a circus, and I was unsurprised to find out that I was correct.  My first college roommate was a real circus girl, and I can tell you that Sara Gruen did not even scratch the surface of circus life.It's a rare writer who can write well in the voice of the gender they are not, and Sara Gruen is not eligible for that club.  If I had not known for sure that a woman had written it, it wouldn't have been a difficult guess.The story is so melodramatic, it belongs among the most florid of historical romantic fiction, and that is not my cup of tea.  I had to force myself to complete this book.  I wish I hadn't."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a pleasure to have such a fascinating book  read to me by two great readers! The main character, a 93 year old man recounting his life is read by an actor whose rough, gravelly voice perfectly embodies the character. The main character, as a 23 year old, is read by a much younger actor. Together, these two readers turned this book into an unforgettable novel.Maybe the book is every bit as good as a read, but having had heard it on CD, that's the way I'd recommend you discover it, too!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had numerous kin, friends and co-workers tell me to read Sara Gruen's Water for Elephants.  I told each person that as soon as I obtain the opportunity I would read the novel.  The narrator, Jacob, did an eminent job guiding the reader.  Personally I didn't feel everything he was going through, but I was able to help justify his actions.  For instance when he finally yelled at August or when he consummated his love for Marlena.  What intrigued me most about Gruen's writing was her ability to tie the ninety year old Jacob to the circus Jacob.  I was thrilled how she gave Jacob a sense of eudemonia when the book concluded.  Jacob finished up where he began; he ended up right where he wanted to be.  On a scale of 1-10 I would give this book a 9.  All in all when you read it you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for elephants was certainly an entertaining read, but I have  read better. It did help to open my eyes to the life of circus performers in the 1920's. This was very well projected throughout the entire book, and it was easy to tell that the author was very well educated on the topic. I do think however that there should be a warning about the sexual content within the book. I would only recommend it for mature readers. I would recommend this book if you have a lot of time to enjoy the context in which it was written."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Along with the Miracle Life of Edgar Mint, The Secret Life of Bee's, and Kite Runner; this is one of my favorite books.  I read it, gave it to my husband (who rarely reads a book)- he finished it in a week, and my 15 year old daughter - who finished it in a day.  We all really enjoyed it!  The way the author describes life in an old-folks home is hilarious and heartbreaking at the same time.  Even though it started with the end, we all found the book kept us wondering what would happen next!  Especially good for a book club!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water For Elephants was an excellent book detailing what life was like for those who worked for the circus during the Depression era and later.  This wonderful story was told in flashback by a crotchety ninety-year old, man named, Jacob who lives in a nursing home.Other reviewers have already summarized the story very well. Therefore, I just want to add that I especially enjoyed Water For Elephants specifically because it was told from the perspective of an elderly individual who, in telling the circus-days story of his youth, also gave the reader a realistic perspective of aging.  For me, this was what made Sara Gruen's novel all the more compelling.For those who have elderly family in nursing homes, I would recommend that you read this book to your love one. I'm sure they will enjoy it as much as you!Maizie Lucille JamesJanuary 13, 2012"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had such a love hate relationship with this book. I struggled in the beginning that I even wanted to read it, but with all the hype and the movie coming out I figured I should trudge on. Overall, I'm glad I did. After a certain part there really are no dull moments, and lots of plot twists. The writing and character development is phenomenal, although there were a lot of graphic parts that I thought could've been left out and made me not want to continue sometimes (and I'm pretty tough). Towards the end I was flying through it and cannot wait to see how they pull off the movie!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am not sure what I see all the hype about for this book but it was a pageturner, I'll give it that. The writing was very well done as Jacob told his tale of being in the circus all these years later in a nursing home, forgotten and old in body, not in mind.The life of the circus was clearly visible while reading this story as was the life in a nursing home. At first I was more interested to have the chapters go back to the present because the past was so horrible to witness but then his present life wasn't that cozy either.The ending was the best part of the book, for me, as it was most tender. It wasn't a bad read but not an entertaining one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I spent most of this book wondering why Gruen chose to intersperse her primary story of a young man who found himself thrust into the circus life in 1931 with the musings of that same man at the age of 93.  The story of how Jacob came to be in the circus and what happened to him there seemed like enough to me, and Jacob's aged voice seemed unnecessary.  At the end of the book, though, I realized why she gave us both perspectives, and could hardly argue with her narrative device, as the closure it provides works so well."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Nothing more satisfying than a novel with a pleasing ending, and this one does just that, it makes the reader feel content.The story is believable, has you cheering, despairing, and crying for the antagonist and protagonist,and can be thoroughly enjoyed by both men and women.The story takes the reader on a journey of a man who, in the midst of his veterinary college training, ends up hopping a circus train and changes his path dramatically.  It is told through the memory of the 90+ year old man who lived it and is recalling it from his current life in a nursing home.I rarely read books twice, but this is one I would revisit!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'd never read anything by Sarah Gruen before and I'd heard a lot of hype about this book due to the release of the movie. I decided to hold off watching the film until I'd had a chance to see for myself how the book was.I'm so glad I waited.This book had me from it's opening pages all the way to the close. The descriptions of life in a traveling circus were gritty and made me feel as if I were really on that train, traveling with Jacob, Walter, and Camel. Ms. Gruen's character developments were also incredible, and as a writer myself, I found myself wishing I had one iota of her talent for bringing them to life so vividly.The story is well paced, with just hints from the elder Jacob as to how his life turned out. I liked the transition from old voice to young and felt as if I could \"see\" the character both ways.All in all, a fantastic read!Nephilim"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a WONDERFUL book about a slice of American life that not many people know about.  What was circus life like during the Depression? Don't let the topic discourage you from reading this book.  I was captured by the first line: \"I am ninety. Or ninety-three. One or the other.\"  As I was reading this book, I could see the whole story play out in my mind as the author easily transitioned the storyteller from the present day back to the 1930's and his life on a circus train.  I can't say enough good things about this book.  Read it....It's a true winner!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Did I only read this because it is supposed to have been a NaNoWriMo book? Yes. Does Sara Gruen mention that \"fact\" ANYWHERE in the book acknowledgments, on her website or in interviews? No. (Although she doesn't contradict the claim, which has been made very publicly by one of NaNoWriMo's founders.) Was it still worth the read? Meh. I don't know. I guess. Whatever. It wasn't a waste of time to read it, but it didn't enrich me or leave me with any lingering thoughts or feelings about the book. As a matter of fact, I barely remember what it was about (I want to say circuses?). All in all, it was a zero balance book. Some good footnotes though. I'd definitely recommend those.For more reviews, please visit my blog, CozyLittleBookJournal."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Romance, love, eccentricities, violence and humor are expertly woven into this novel.  I loved it and I was sorry to finish it.  It was one of those books which makes it difficult to begin another book.  I cared about the characters, and the events lingered after I completed it.  That is saying a lot about a book for me; I'm a voracious reader and I usually begin a new book as soon as I finish the last.  I think it is a book which would appeal to a wide range of readers'"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book definitely is number one on my list of favorite books (and I read A LOT).  The story is gripping, beautiful and a little sad in some parts.  It's one of those books that you start reading then constantly stop in the middle of whatever you're doing to read \"just one more chapter\".  The writer doesn't leave the reader hanging, wondering what happened to all of the characters but it's not a predictable ending.  Read this book, you will not regret it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I put this item on my wishlist when it first came out because the premise sounded interesting and then I forgot about it until I saw it was released in paperback. I purchased it and was not let down. The story starts a little slow was you try to make sense of what is going on and whose exactly is this main character, but it takes off from there and I basically read the book in a day and some hours.  I highly recommend, as it really is a great story of time past and present."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wanted to rate this a \"zero.\" WHY can't there be a minus stars rating. Totally disappointed. Over-the top melodramatic and predictable, especially since the ending is revealed in the first 5 pages. AWFUL, totally dreadful, prose. WHY, would ANY publisher (other than Harleguin Press) pick this tripe up! Thank god I got this from the library and didn't pay $$$ for this.I suspect this may be one of those rare instances where the film version might be better (but only if they make the orig novel unrecognizable). It certainly couldn't be any worse. I listened to the audio version while exercising and could not reach the fast-forward button--made my workouts twice as difficult. ;-)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an engaging story from start to finish. The author did a wonderful job telling Jacob Jankowski's story as an old man biding his time in an assisted living facility waiting to go to the circus, and as a young adult, who after finding himself homeless and parentless, jumps a circus train.I found the ending a bit surprising, but beautiful all the same. This was an easy read and something I couldn't put down. I love it when an author is truly able to bring you back to a time and place and make it so believable as Sara Gruen has done with Water for Elephants.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen spins a yarn, more than just a circus story, filled with memorable characters (not all human, some at a crucial crossroads), and highly dramatic events juxtaposed with the loneliness of old age. Near the end of his life, Jacob Jankowski finds himself reminiscing about his salad days, as painful as they might have been. He knows life is about the pleasure and the pain; you can't have one without the other (like good and evil). After a tragic loss, Jacob finds a home with a traveling circus as a veterinarian and along the way he: loses his virginity, makes some true friends, learns some valuable life lessons, and falls in love. But above all this book is about his grand love affair, how it began and how it will end. Oh, and there's an elephant named Rosie mixed in there too. I recommend this strongly. 4.5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've just finished the book and liked it a great deal. Some of the research which underpins the book was outstanding. Depression era circuses, train circuses as Ms Gruen calls them, being a hobo on the rails, the brain of an elephant and the thread about Jamaican Ginger - all were fascinating - as was the almost seamless blending of the two time periods. Clearly the lady can absorb large quantities of research information and transform that into an excellent novel. She clearly, and obviously, loves animals. Will I buy the two other books listed here on Amazon? I don't think so but I am sure that horse lovers will and should."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book captured my attention from the start. I love how the author melds the geriatric version of Jacob and the younger version so well. The narrator is in constant reflection and delves deep into the emotional states of almost all involved, including that of the animals. As the geriatric version of Jacob looks into the mirror, he can no longer recognize any part of himself. He tries to look beneath the sagging skin and bruising and still nothing. This lets us know what he is really missing and that it is what a person does, that defines them.  If you can no longer do the things you love, then who are you? As Jacob finally realizes what he really needs, we can more clearly see throughout his entire struggle, what kept him so drawn in and how relationships with strangers can be stronger than that of family. Perfect ending!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is a small step up from chick-lit, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, if it's what you're looking for.  A great read for the beach, or a good light read in-bewteen heavier or darker novels.As mentioned in other reviews, the character development was on the poor side, and the plot was pretty predictable (kind of hokey).  I felt the reading level was quite low, which made it a quick read, but not the brightest one.  Everything was pretty spoon-fed to the reader...there was no need for me to think about anything.  I prefer a bit more of a challenge."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had this book in my TBR pile and really wasn't in any sort of hurry to read it. Now, after finishing it, I can't believe I waited so long.This book gives me an in depth account of circus life during the depression and of the lifestyles of those who traveled with it. I learned a lot. I however, got really emotional when aspects of the book dealt with animal cruelty and even human cruelty to each other.This is a must read book. The ending is also a surprise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story has a circus, a villain, an adventurer, and a love story. What else could a summer reader wish for? I thoroughly enjoyed this novel. Granted, it's not Dickens, but it is great fun.Jacob's experience as the an old man reminded me so much of the nursing home my mother died in. His experience as a young man reminded me of the stories my father told about the depression, especially riding the \"freights.\"I passed this book along to a woman co-worker, and after she finished it, she said, \"I love this book!\"Sara Gruen did a marvelous job researching train circuses. That alone is worth the price of admission."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What is a life worth? How do you judge if someone is worth saving? What does it mean to be human? What or who is really an animal? Why can an individual choose how to live but not how to die? Who has the power to answer these questions? How do you know that person is right?Hidden beneath this easy-to-read though dark coming of age romance is a novel that prompts the reader to ask the above through the reminiscing of protagonist Jacob Jankowski who is prisoner in fact to old age and in feeling to a nursing home. The story begins as the circus rolls into town and the flood of Jankowski's past full of pleasure, joy, love, hate, regret & guilt washes over him.Sara Gruen brings the Circus Culture of the mid 20th century to life through meticulous research, both the bright spot light and the grittier nature of transitory existence. Anyone who ever dreamed of running away to the big top or just dreamed of running away should read this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants took me by surprise. This book was really well-written. Not only does this author know how to tell a story, she educates the reader without making it unreadable. She seamlessly wove the main characters story around the unknown story of circus life during 1930s. She offers a glimpse of animal treatment, different types of jobs within and the classes that separate the workers, the expectations given by towns on entertainment, prohibition, etc. The research is evident and I welcomed and looked forward to it. The book does have romance but it has so much more depth so I read freely, not really anticipating the story between the hero and the heroine.Sara Gruen has made me a fan and has given me hope for modern writers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was my book club's book this month.  I don't always like what they pick, but I give each book 100 pages before giving up on it.  I liked this book immediately.The main character is in a nursing home and the story goes between his life there and his memories of his younger days when he worked for a circus.The imagery is excellent and you can feel the movement of the train as the author is describing the setup of the cars and where everyone rides.  You can smell the disinfectant in the nursing home when Jacob is there.I guess one of the reasons I liked this book is that I've never read something on this topic.  It was very interesting to learn about the different aspects of the circus and its struggle for survival.This is slower reading, you can't plow through it like one of those books you read on the beach, but you will enjoy every moment!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book in September 2007. That means I had it in my drawer for almost five years and I just kept postponing reading it (I bought it along with many other books and it took me a while to read them all; then other books got on the way and so on).  When the movie came I refused to watch it knowing I should read the book first. And so I finally made up my mind and did it. It's a great book. I'm not a circus fan but the love story is precious. It was interesting to read about the Great Depression and how hard it was to make a living. I liked the pictures inside the book. I think they were a nice touch from the author. And of course I rented the movie and watched it after reading the book. Guess what? The book is better!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The book is okay so far, but I'm very distracted by the horrible Kindle formatting.  I've never had a problem with a Kindle book before, but this one is full of gaps and spacing problems. Dialogue is separated by abnormally huge gaps, but author-intended spaces intended to denote a pause are the same gaps as the extraneous ones; in other words, the intentional spaces are lost in the shuffle.  This makes the book very hard to read and follow, since I'm never sure if it's a \"Kindle\" gap or an \"author\" gap.  This was very poorly digitized.  It almost makes the book unreadable because it is such a distraction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When this book came out in hardcover, I passed it by.  No interest in reading about circus freaks.  When the book came out in paperback, I passed it by.  Still did not sound interesting.  Three people recommended it to me and then, finally, a friend gave it to me after she finished it.  Still, I waited a month or so before beginning it.  Within the first few chapters, I was intrigued.  I loved the descriptions - created a definite picture in my mind.  I loved the characters - I wanted to know what would happen to them.  Although I thought the end was somewhat predictable, on the whole, I found this a very enjoyable read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an incredible read and a quick read if you want something to captivate you for a trip.  For fictional history it's clear the author did her homework.  The author took many real events and spun them into the journey of a fictional character through a composite circus during the depression.  The story is exciting and hard to put down.  The intro leaves you wondering throughout the whole story.  Its very easy to relate to the main character and feel what he feels, stress, confusion, love...  I can't say much else without giving away the books little secrets."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book in a day. I simply could not put it down. It was so dark, with just a touch of goodness, which in itself was even complex. The love aspect of the story was so muddied, and heart wrenching, it made me feel for Jacob and for Marlena. How confusing it all was.Plus this story is based around a lifestyle we never hear about...a traveling circus. I loved Jacob, Marlena, and animals and even began to love Kinko.This book is by far a favorite, and so captivating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book; it was like an interesting history lesson or a memoir and I learned a lot about the horrors of living with the circus in the early 20th century. The relationships weren't as well developed as I like, neither were the characters. But the variety of characters made the story very interesting. The concept of Jacob as as old man remembering the circus is a good idea, but I didn't like Jacob as an old man; he was grumpy, self-centered, and aloof. I thought it took Jacob out of character because as a young man he was very mild mannered and pleasant. I don't think that part made the story better."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was torn between two or three stars. I read this book for my book club, otherwise it is unlikely I would have picked it up considering my backlog.Personally I didn't find anything wow-ish or over the top astounding with this story. Besides that it takes place in a circus. It had its moments of course, which makes me think that what really makes you like a book is not sometimes the overall story, but a couple of scenes that really stand out. And this had a handful of those, especially those set in the present time, which were the only ones to actually pull my emotional strings, which usually doesn't take much I'm afraid, and considering that this book didn't stir much in me overall. Not even the traditional `big twist' scene riled me up. I actually read a paragraph past it then did a double take on `oh that was suppose to be it'."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I sampled this book because it's so popular and the price was right. The author's voice captured me with the authenticity of the elderly Jacob. Literally seconds after I finished reading the sample, I hit \"buy now.\" One of the most brilliant techniques in the book, and my personal favorite, is the little jolt the author created every time the point of view switches from young Jacob to old Jacob, and it makes you flinch as though you too have been wrenched from the prime of your life into the body of a decrepit codger in a nursing home.The ending is perfect and satisfyingThe scenes depicting cruelty to animals were emotionally difficult to read, though. If that kind of thing bothers you, you may not enjoy the story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a beautifully written novel. I gave it to my dad two Christmases ago, and meant to borrow it for myself, but kept forgetting. I finally put it on hold (still in high demand) at my local library and had my chance at reading.The story wraps you up and brings you to it's world. It has been a little while since I read it, and I don't like giving out specifics, but I cannot find fault with this book.I highly recommend it b/c it will remain on your mind for weeks after reading it and you'll be glad you got to know the characters and their stories."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jacob Jankowski is a student at Cornell Veterinarian School.  He gets the heart-breaking news that his parents have died in a car crash.  In the throes of the great depression, Jacob finds out there is nothing left of their estate.  He tries to finish his exams but cannot.  Jacob takes the next train out of town.  Inadvertently, he finds himself on the Benzini Brothers Circus train.  Jacob is hired on and becomes immersed in the circus life.  He also falls in love with Marlena, one of the star performers married to August, the equestrian trainer.  Jacob is telling his story some 70 years later as a 93 year old patient in a nursing home.  Present day happenings are interspersed with his memories of life back in '31.  The circus chapters start with historical photographs lending to the authenticity of events.  Mesmerizing writing, fascinating characters, and actual documented circus events combine to make this an exceptional novel to enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm not picky about my books, really! I read airport books! I read mystery novels! But about half-way through, Water for Elephant's 2-dimensional, unrealistic characters' bad soap opera conversations became too tedious and repetitious.  I slogged through, anyway. I was waiting for more elephant plot. But no- Ms. Gruen got even lazier at the end.  Anything and anyone that might have been considered a loose end gets killed off without regret.  \"Mr. Major Character W? We threw him off the train 30 minutes ago. Probably(!!) died. Don't worry about it.\"I was disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As avid readers there are times when we are apt to encounter books that continue and linger in our minds once read.  For me, \"Water for Elephants\" was a serendipitous find and I truly and lovingly enjoyed this novel.  It's one of those books that you never want to end.  There is reason why this book has been on the NY Times bestseller list for more than 12 consecutive weeks.  As many reviewers have already recounted the summary I will simply say just READ IT!  I promise you will be searching for more of Sara Gruen's novels.  BTW, Apehouse is the next novel to be released!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I would have never believed that I would have enjoyed this book. Let alone enjoyed it to the extreme level which I did. A well respected friend recommended this book to me so I pull it up online and read the synopsis. Well, the synopsis and subject matter regarding circus life in the mid 1900's did not interest me in the least bit. Suffice to say I did not immediately read it. Only after subsequent prompting from my friend did I agree to give it a shot. That turned out to be an EXCELLENT idea. It was clear and concise reading that gave me vivid images of that era and written with short chapters that propelled me along to read just a little more each time since I was skeptical from the start. The story recounted through the eyes of an old man reminiscing his youth was pulled off seamlessly. It was like reading two stories. Now, after reading the book for myself I'm amazed at the few negative reviewer's comments. I'm reminded that some people complain about everything."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "How many novels have you read about the circus? This was certainly my first and that's what I loved about it - it was something out of the ordinary. The story flowed smoothly and was full of great stories. I read a review stating that the characters weren't realistic, August was too horrid and Jacob was a coward. I definitely disagree and found most, if not all, the characters to be believable.My only complaint is the vocabulary in the novel. It seemed the author was going out of her way to use synonyms fairly close together within the plot. While I don't mind challenges to my vocabulary I didn't find it believable as if the story was really told from one person's point of view it is doubtful that they would use such extreme variety in word choices. This is nit-picking though, overall I really enjoyed the journey!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen's \"Water for Elephants\" is a one of those books that fascinate you with a look inside an unfamiliar world while entertaining you. The author is very adept at spinning a yarn, creating characters that spring to life in vibrant color, and setting up simultaneous storylines that build suspense and keep you interested. She is one of the best writer's I've read when it comes to inventing villains. I look forward to reading more by this author.  On sheer writing ability, I would've given her five stars, but there were a couple of things in the story that put me off. I won't spoil it for others by pointing them out, and I would still highly recommend this book for its pure entertainment value."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a wonderful story.  I first heard it on Chapter A Day and just finished reading it to fill in the parts I'd missed.  The extra bonus in reading the book is seeing all the fascinating historical pictures Gruen gathered from various circus museums.  I loved that some of the amazing things that Gruen discovered in her research about circus were woven into the story.  She began her research into the world of circus life by contacting Circus World Museum in Baraboo, WI which we have been to and love.  Gruen's book has added a whole new dimension to the world of the circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "WATER for ELEPHANTS was a quick and mostly enjoyable read for me.  The story of Jacob, a young man on the verge of his career as a veterinarian, was told as the flashback of a much older Jacob, who now resides in a nursing home.  As young Jacob was about to take his final exams and graduate from vet school, his world crumbled when his parents were killed in a car accident.  Left without family or money, a despondent Jacob jumped on a passing train.  He soon found himself working as a vet for a traveling circus.  The story of young Jacob's adventures with the circus is interwoven with the story of old Jacob's life as a resident in a nursing home.  I loved the book, but I found parts of it too graphic.  There were sexually explicit passages as well as descriptions of violent animal abuse, which I felt were overdone and unnecessary to the story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed this book.  Water For Elephants is the story of a young man who almost becomes a veterinarian, but is too distraught over the death of his parents to sit the final exams.  After being left with nothing, he accidentally hops a circus train and is hired on as their vet.  The story of his time with the circus is told in flashbacks, and is very well done.  Love, betrayal, hope, cruelty, and compassion combine with wonderful prose and true-to-the-era settings to give you a great read.  I picked this book up on a whim not knowing anything about it, and then couldn't put it down.  Fascinating!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "At first I was hesitant about reading this book. I figured that reading about a traveling circus really wouldn't appeal to me, and I didn't understand why it was continually being suggested to me on this website. Eventually, I gave in and bought it. I pushed it aside for months, never bothering to read it, still mostly uninterested. Finally, bored one day, I picked it up and started reading. Two pages in, I didn't want to put it down.The opening is clever, leading to a fantastic ending. The writing style is charming, falling in love with the main character is completely inevitable.This is definitely on my top-ten list of novels. It is so beautifully written, I highly recommend it to anyone. It has all the mystery, love, emotion, and intrigue a novel should.I only hope the rest of her books are as lovely."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As a devoted historical fiction reader, I thought this book would interest me. It did not. Water for Elephants reads like a children's novel, save for excessive and serious profanity, graphic and frequent sex scenes, and violence so vivid I was moved to nausea. If you are able to ignore those sorts of things, you will not find yourself feeling any kind of sympathy for the one-dimensional characters. The characters do not develop over the course of the story, and seem only concerned with dabbling in vice. As a result, I was unable to identify with them.A portion of the story is written from the point of view of the main character in his old age. This writing is exceptional, and managed to keep me interested during the course of the book. Still, these marvelous little glimpses of author Sara Gruen's potential do not permit me to recommend this book to anybody. Avoid it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Holy cow!  What a Book!  Here we have a novel written by a woman whose lead character is a young man, er... old 93 year-old man, er... an elephant named Rosie.  Never mind.  But she does it!  She pulls it off.  The story-telling is spellbinding.  You are right there in the blackness of night, wobbling precariously on the roof of a train crossing a trestle with a knife gritted in your teeth and murder in your heart.  You love Rosie the elephant. You ache with fear and infatuation for Marlene, trapped in the grasp of a lethal psychotic maniac.Sara Gruen is a literary gem to put us in the mind and depression times of the traveling Circus's, the smell of the animals, the freaks, and the language. How about fathoming the mind of a cranky, reminiscent 93 year old coot whose character and lovable humanity hold the whole thing together?So what's next?Pierce Scranton M.D.author, Death on the Learning Curve"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the best books I have read in a long time. It has an engaging premise, characters I came to care about and it is well written.Because the setting for the story is obviously a circus Ms. Gruen gives us a great deal of information about this business. Thankfully this adds to the story and doesn't bog it down. This story showed me that the circus is as much a lifestyle as it is a business.I would recommend this book to anyone and will probably read it again - and these are the highest compliments I can give to a book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After reading several reviews, I think that many readers may have missed the entire point of \"Water for Elephants\".  Some reviewers said that the book didn't say much about circus life and some say they did not care about learning about the circus. \"WFE\" teaches us that it is ok to rememeber fondly those most rewarding experiences throughout your life but also that it is never too late to create new experiences.  It also provides us with a unique perspective of everyday life in a senior living facility...a place that many of us may end up in one day."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've actually read this book twice--once because some friends recommended it, and then a few years later I read it again when the movie came out.  I thought the story was fascinating about a young man whose veterinary education is interrupted and he hops a circus train.  He becomes the circus vet and his whole life changes. Of course this all happens during the Great Depression.  I guess I liked this book because of the background research by the author about circuses during that period.  The old photos were charming as well. Like another reviewer mentioned not all of the facts regarding the care of animals may have been accurate but it's a fictional story and I think you have to give some license to that.  It's a book you would take on the plane or to the beach just to enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love reading books which captivate me so much that I constantly think about them; the characters, the plot...what's going to happen. When I was a child, Enid Blyton's books did the same thing for me. Sara Gruen is the kind of author a lot of people (including me) should aspire to be like.  Although this is a ficticuous novel, some of the events are true...Ms. Gruen should be applauded  for doing such an excellent job weaving past events with fiction. Her writing style is superb. Most people will probably start reading the book and think they know the ending......you won't!  That's how brilliant this author is.I highly recommend this book...and, oh, in addition, I would LOVE to see the next traveling circus.  (Do they still exist?)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a lovely story this was! I feel like it was witten for hollywood, I cant wait to see the movie. I loved the fact that the story was remembered by an old man. The author REALLY got what it feels like to be old and she makes you get it also. I felt like I was right in the story, I read through this wonderful book in a few days. My only complaint is that it wasnt a little bit longer. This is only about 300 pages but I felt it should have been more."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is the type of novel I expect to be on the bestseller list and is why I typically overlook popular novels, sometimes to my own detriment. An elderly man, now in a nursing home, looks back on his time spent as a veterinarian in a circus. It's a story that could have been capable of more, but the plot seemed fairly predictable and the characters not that believable or rounded. It wasn't bad, mind you, I guess you could say this elephant was just too watered down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I read the summary of this book, I wondered why it was so popular.  It didn't sound like anything I'd ever want to read, but when a fellow book obsessed friend of mine told me that I had to read it, and I had to read it immediately, I took her advice.  Boy am I glad I did!  This book is so well written, the characters are great, and the story is absorbing.  I live near a circus museum, and am now planning a trip to visit because of this book.  I highly recommend it to anyone that loves a good story!  I've also read Riding Lessons and Flying Changes and am eagerly awaiting her next novel!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I found this book to be an engaging and interesting read.  There were several authenticity and continuity issues that bothered me.  During the era of this situation, Fox Terriers were very common and used a great deal in entertainment.  Jack Russel terriers are a relatively recent introduction to the US.Jacob gives his watch away, and then it reappears.  There are two or 3 other gaffs along this line that are annoying.  It would be great if the author would put out a new edition with these things corrected.Rose, the elephant is the real heroine of this novel, and she provides the frame for the story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "2000 readers can't be wrong can they?  Umm, yea they might be.How is it that a mediocre book can consistently get raves?I was excited by the \"prospect\" of this book but the more I read, the more resigned I became to the fact that there was nothing very extraordinary about it.Not only is the writing flat and the plot a giant cliche - there's also the matter of the central \"love\" triangle being blatantly lifted from Sophie's Choice (I cringe referring to that classic alongside this book) right down to the suprise party / angry accusation by a lunatic.Mediocrity is being rewarded with a big Hollywood movie starring Reese Witherspoon.  Ahh, American pop culture."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm a little late to the party on this book, but I just loved it. I had picked up Ape House, her second book, and got about halfway through before I gave up - it's really strange and awful. I wouldn't even have read this one unless it hadn't been our book club pick.Now I understand the hype. I love fiction where you learn something, and though this is no Grapes of Wrath, it's a great picture of Depression-era life, and the information on circuses was absolutely fascinating (if incredibly depressing). Put that together with a solid love story and I was sold.Chapters switching between times can be annoying, as you're essentially getting to know two different characters, even if it's the same person, but I felt it worked well here.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen is one of my all-time favorite books! The story is told by an old man looking back on his life in the circus during the Great Depression. As a young man he joins the circus after his parents died in a car accident. There he discovers a whole new and strange world in the small traveling community. He learns the hard work involved in the back scenes of a circus, as well as the harsh and sometimes tragic lives of the workers. It isn't long before he falls in love with the beautiful Marlena, one of the star performers. Things are complicated though. She's already married to the controlling and cruel head animal trainer.Get ready to cheer for the hero, boo the villain and ooh and ahhh at the story that draws you into a bygone time and place. It's a memorable book that will stay in your heart a long, long time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Abandoned drop-out Cornell vetLooks after all the circus petsFalls in love with someone's wife,Of her he'll think for all his life.Barbara's chest or the Fat Lady--It's all good ol' hyperbole,They'll make you laugh and maybe cry,But you feel they're just a circus sight:When show's over all shuffle home,Men to bars and tigers to bones,Adulterous romps can only so long last,Hands part and hearts get stuck in the forever past.(Must Love always beGood ol' hyperbole?)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book, as expected, is about the circus.  But it's about the circus in the early years....not the big stadium circuses we see today.The story is narrated by a 90-year old man in a nursing home.  He worked in the circus when he was younger, and when he sees a circus setting up down the street, he begins to reminisce.  The story is told in two eras, that of the man's young years with the circus (during the Depression) and that of the man's present time in the nursing home.I have to say that I looked forward to getting back to the book every day.  I truly enjoyed it.  It's action packed, thoughtful, and different.  I read this book very quickly!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Found story very interesting.  My dad traveled  with the circus five years when he was young, When I was young we went to every circus within 50 miles and I got to spend time in the back where most people do not see, Loved seeing and petting all the animals.  We stayed until cars were all loaded on thetrain. At that time the horses brought the cars to the tracks and then the elephants pushed them upon to the train. My Dad saw all but 2 of the states. I miss the real circus , The ones today are only so so."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book on a whim at a bookstore at an airport while waiting for my flight.  I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.  I am generally not a fiction reader, but this book was so \"real\" that I couldn't put it down.  The author tells the story from the viewpoint of a 90-something year old man from start to finish.  A young 20-something almost done with veterinary school's world comes crashing down when his parents are involved in a freak accident that causes their death.  Not knowing what to do with his life, Jacob signs on to work for a traveling circus.  Not only does this book paint an accurate picture of its protagonist, but it paints an accurate historic picture of life with animals, traveling with a circus, and the time period in which the book is set.I recommend this book to anyone.  It is an easy and quick read that will impress you start to finish."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I adored Water For Elephants when I read it the first time, but it was on my second reading that I realized the extreme skill Gruen exhibits on every page and in every scene. Her prose is crisp and exacting, and her characters are so vivid, they leap to life in this story that grabs hold of you and  doesn't let go. I was literally transported to another place in time. I can't recommend Water For Elephants highly enough. This book deserves all the praise it's received and then some. What a beautiful novel--a treasure for all who curl up with this gem!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants came highly recommended from several friends but it fell a little short of great.  The writing is good, but the love story is a little lacking.  In my opinion, Jacob and Marlena did not have enough scenes together for me to truly believe that they were falling in love.  I know the title is \"Water for Elephants,\" but there was a little too much about the animals in this book and not enough about the people.  I know it was about the circus but I guess I'm the type who likes a better-developed love story if I'm going to \"buy\" it.  I don't want it to sound like I disliked this book.  I didn't.  It just wasn't a story that blew me away.  It's a nice enough read for people who like sweet, well-written books."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was hooked from the beginning and looked forward to coming back to the story each time I had to turn off my Kindle.  Coming of age in a circus might seem cliche yet the insiders view of the social dynamics that existed within a circus really put context around the whole \"running away to join the circus\" thing; although, in this case, it might be more apt to describe this as \"stumbling into the circus\".  Regardless, while I felt the end of the circus component of the story was somewhat predictable, it didn't spoil the story for me.  A truly remarkable story that I will enjoy again and again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "So I read this book WELL before the movie came out. I was intrigued by a story that had a backdrop in a circus.But I was left really disappointed. I can't quite put my finger on it, but I just didn't connect with the story at all. It may have just been the timing was wrong for me to read this story, but I was not into it (and I find myself rarely disappointed with books). I think there wasn't enough magic in it for me. I didn't see the basis for the romance. Maybe I need to try to pick it up again, but I was left so disappointed that I really don't want to."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have had Water for Elephants on my wish list for quite some time now...when the movie came out I thought I better read it before someone gave the ending away. As soon as I started reading the first line I couldn't stop. I caught myself hiding my kindle under my desk so I could read the next few lines and holding my breath while doing so. This book is so brilliantly written I don't even know how to review it. Sarah G. is so passionate about the animals and the characters in this book that you will find your heart breaks at certain turns and you cheer out loud for the loveable Jacob. I was so incredibly sad when it ended that I immediately ordered another book from Sarah G....The Ape House and I have to say I'm equally enthralled by it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was at a bookstore a couple of years ago holding \"Water for Elephants\" when someone came and told me that this book was depressing. Since I never liked circus and I was not in the mood to read about circus in the first place, I took that comment as a cue to not read this book.Since then, the number of 5 stars reviews has been growing and growing...I spotted \"Water for Elephants\" recently at the public library and decided to give it a shot. That woman that told me a couple of years ago that this book is depressing couldn't be more wrong. And this is not a book about circus either. Sure enough, the circus is on the background but this is basically a love story during the Great Depression/prohibition, a time in our history that we should never forget.It is very well written, with the right balance between characters development and action. It is, above all, good entertainment made to the contemporary readers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just love it when the circus comes to our town and when I read \"Water for Elephants\" I was impressed with Sara Gruen research into several topics: the circus life and the great depression. I'm not sure how Ms. Gruen, managed to get herself into the head of a 93-year-old man but I loved the old man that narrated the story.The story is a mysterious and historical tour of behind the scenes of circus life. The deception and downright cruelty takes place. As far as I was concerned, Rosie the lovable elephant was the star of all the animals' maybe it's because I just love elephants.I won't go into detail about the story because other reviewers have already done a terrific account of the story. I would like to add that I found myself still thinking about the long suffering of the animals long after I finished the book. In summary the romantic scenes were weak but still a great story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen has created an engaging memoir narrated by the nonagenarian veteran and veterinarian of a depression-era circus.  Her research into the caste hierarchy and politics of train circuses reveals a world which, much like HBO's Deadwood, had its own laws of lawlessness and morality of immorality.  Into this world Jacob Jankowski is unwittingly dropped, and the recounting of his evolution from inheritor of his father's veternary practice to circus vet to aged resident of an assisted living facility is almost always convincingly told.  While Jacob may be the hero/narrator, it is most definitely Rosie the elephant who steals the show and wins your heart.  Like the rubes who paid their nickels and dimes to gawk at the freaks, I felt my $14.37 was well spent for a 332-page peek behind the big-top."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "First of all, this book was waaaaay more sexual than I thought it would be. If you are getting it for a friend because they like elephants and the title has \"elephant in it\" DON'T DO IT (long story). This was a crazy story: funny at times and also sad at times. The story was told by switching between the past and the present, which was confusing at first, but made sense later. This style of writing kept the story moving; the shift from the old senile man to the young eager man developed the main character in such a way that it was difficult to put the book down. I enjoyed reading this book and I reflected on it for a while after I finished reading it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book! Honestly the only reason I picked it up was because of the movie with Robert Pattinson (yes, I know...I rarely justify the reading of a book with an actor).  I really enjoyed the time setting for this book and the behind the scenes look at the life of a circus worker back then.  I also liked how the entire book wasn't just a love story and how nicely it was framed within the overall novel.  This is definitely a book that I would recommend and read again! And just as a side note, the move was awesome as well!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jacob Jankowski runs away from his ivy league veterinary education when his parents die in an accident and joins a circus on impulse. His training serves him well and provides him a place of esteem among the performers and the workers, an odd position which spans both groups. He falls for the lovely Marlena who performs with the horses, but she is married to August, a violent but charismatic animal trainer. The story culminates when the circus purchases an elephant named Rosie whose intelligence hides behind her thick skin.Some of the best scenes in this book are those in the nursing home when Jacob is an old man who can't remember if he is 90 or 93. The writing is sensitive, believable, and these moments are some of the most emotional snippets from the book. That is not to say that the rest is boring. Gruen has written a real page turner, and although it is not entirely original, it is incredibly entertaining."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I took this book with me on a recent trip to South Africa and was delighted to have something to read that was so engaging that the time passed quickly. The story grabbed me from page one. It's an unusual story, beautifully written and with well-drawn characters. Although going back and forth between the past and present day was a little disorienting, I enjoyed getting to know Jacob as a 20-something and as a 90 (or 93) year old man.I really liked the device of using the prologue later in the story. And I loved the ending - it was perfect for the story, even though it's implausible and unbelievable. Sometimes that just doesn't matter. Sometimes it works anyway. Everything about this book worked for me."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants was recommended to me by a co-worker, and I was really surprised at how much I liked it. A book about a circus didn't necessarily appeal to me, but I figured it was worth a shot.This story is great. I really enjoyed the way the story alternated between Jacob in present day and Jacob's memories. In both times, he was heartwarming and sincere, even if he could be a bit cranky in his older age. :)The characters were great--well-developed and dimensional, even the ones you didn't particularly like. The whole circus feels very vivid, and I just loved Rosie to death.Overall, it was just a very enjoyable read with enjoyable characters (well, mostly, unless they weren't supposed to be). One thing that I found unexpectedly interesting was the circus dynamic--the cruelty, the hierarchy, the crazy characters. All in all, this is a very well-rounded novel and I would recommend it to anyone."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Absolutely loved the book (audiobook actually).  And I have more than a 6th grade education.  Go figure.Not having ever been in a 1930's circus (especially since I wasn't born until 1953), I can't say whether or not the characters were true to life.  I do know and have read extensively about cruelty to animals and am not surprised this sort of thing could happen in a 1930's circus.  It was a believable story to me and loved the ending.I listened to the book on audiotape on my morning walks and I intend to buy a hard cover copy of the book because it is one I will reread again and want to keep in my library."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Carried water for elephants indeed. Do you have any idea how much water an elephant drinks?\" These words of Jacob Jankowski open this well-researched, fascinating novel about circus life. This story is told by ninety-something Jacob as he vacillates between the present and the past, reflecting upon an incredible life that was not always easy, but was satisfying.Jacob finds himself in a nursing home, his mind still active and questioning the meaning of his existence. Reminiscing about his life, he searches for meaning in the bland nursing home food and the fellow nursing home occupants, most of whom have surrendered their logical minds. As he remembers his life following the death of his parents when he was in his early twenties, he marvels at how every event led to the life he had.Well-researched and accurate, many incredible facts of circus life are divulged in this story. To add to this realism, there are actual photographs from circus archives. This is one unforgettable book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Riding Lessons: A Novel,Flying Changes: A NovelSara Gruen's gift for drawing her characters as complex, whole, fully real persons is what makes Water for Elephants and her other books achingly wonderful to read. She so skillfully sets up the reader for the crest of each wave of the plot, that one is rooting for a positive change, a win for the character, while at the same time feeling the reverberation of their flaws and weaknesses.The book reads very much like a memoir, making it is easy to forget that it is a work of fiction. And, in order to sketch such a complex setting, I know she had to spend a very great amount of time researching the complexities of a circus on the road. I immediately bought and read her two other novels and found them excellent reads while seeing how she has developed her skills with each book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a very interesting story within a story. A story reflecting back on the life of a man who is now in his 90's  in &#34;Assisted Living&#34;. We learn much about living a life in the Circus, especially back in the 30's....it was no picnic!! Along with tragedy we find adventure, humor and romance. I would have given the book 5 stars but for the swearing and sex content. I didn't expect that. It didn't have to be so explicit, so in my opinion the 4 star rates it a very good read!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a wonderful and delightful book! This is a look thru the eyes of a 93-year young man of his experiences with the circus mixed with today.  What an experience he had in years gone  by; what we do to our elders now because we are too busy with our own  daily lives. This has an absolutely magnificent ending...something quite unexpected and heartwarming. I hope there is a circus in town when I get to Jacob's age and my family is busy with their life. I think I would make a great ticket taker."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Written in the first person perspective, this story explains the life of an circus worker back in the old days, before any regulations were ever thought of.Rough and rugged lives wherein the guy with all the power hasn't much thought or care to the value of life - be it animal or human - but Karma wins in the end!Well written, kept my attention enough to loose sleep so I could keep reading it.As always, the book is better than the movie.  Read the book first and you will most likely understand the movie better."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was hard to put down.  This powerful story brought the pain of well developed characters to life.  Sometimes I was afraid to read on knowing what I would read would be tragic but this story was told with such beauty I had to read on.  The story is told as a life history of a gentleman living in a nursing home and the description of his days being cared for in the home are so real.  The story of the circus performers, manager and all the tragedy was gripping.  I just had to keep reading - then the ending was a complete shock.  This was one of the best books I have read recently, but I can't think of seeing the movie.  I want to remember this story as I envisioned the settings and characters while reading.  It was a great book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this novel.  I am disappointed in the reviews that say the characters are too far fetched and the romance was unrealistic.  Its a fictional novel that explores a vet-school drop out, Jacob, who joins a circus by chance and falls in love.  The story he tells about life in the circus was thrilling and had me wanting to read more.When the chapters skip back to elderly Jacob, we see how he has gone through a lot in his early lives.  I love that he lives at an assisted living and tells his view of his life.The ending made me so happy and I couldn't stop smiling.  WELL worth it.  I might skip the movie because I am fearful that it will not give me what the book did!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finished this book only because I felt like I had to. I suppose it was well researched and written because I felt the same way about reading it that I feel going to a county fair or local carnival: a little grimy, a little ashamed, a little grossed out. It's not a glamorous life and it wasn't a good time, economically speaking. The writer definitely gets that across. The content was just a little disturbing to me. But for those who like a dark and somewhat gritty story, this is probably really enjoyable. Just not for me."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "To me, the mark of a good book is when you don't want to see it end. And when it does end, you can't stop thinking about it. That's how this book was to me. The characters were so richly drawn that I actually felt like they could be real people. When some of the injustices happened I had to remind myself that this was fiction. Sara Gruen writes this amazing story against a backdrop of the Great Depression and that adds so much to the story. I can't say too much about it without giving away important plot points, but I did not see the big twist coming. I'm surprised I didn't, as all the signs were there, but I was just so engrossed in the story that I didn't put them together. This is a book I will read again and again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a frustrating, truly awful book. While it started off interesting (a boy's parents dies and leave him nothing, and he gets caught up with a circus), it quickly became transparent and painful. He \"falls in love\" with a girl he hardly speaks to, who is married. He reacts when he should hold back and holds back when he should act. And there are far too many random, explicit, and unnecessary sex scenes. Perhaps if the author spent less time on graphic sex and more time on character development, this book would have been more tolerable. And the ending, which I was hoping would earn the book some redemption, was terribly disappointing and infuriating.My faith in the NY Times bestseller list has been ruined."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was part of my wife's book club. The club loved it. So, I finally picked it up and started reading it. As a quick note subject matter for a book does not matter to me. I care about good stories with great characters and this book has it from cover-to-cover.Logically, I can't think why I would want to read a story set in the 1930s about the circus, but there I was reading it night after night. It's a fascinating story with superb description that is slippery-easy to read.I don't know what your hesitation is...read this book. There are tens of thousands of worse ones out there."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "We listened to this on a road trip out west and I loved it! The story itself was a great leave from my everyday, but the voices were fantastic! I loved hearing cantankerous 90 (or 93..) year old Jakob tell his tale. If you enjoyed reading this book, I'm sure you will love it more hearing the tale from the two Jakobs. If you haven't read the book, there is a good chance you will be drawn in by the storytellers and end up loving it. We sat in the car after we arrived home for the last 10 minutes of the book we were so enthralled.Get this and listen to it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was a pleasure.  It is meaningful enough to warrant the time to read it and yet it is still fun and engrossing enough for a good poolside read while on vacation.  The protagonist's world is shredded near the beginning and he does what readers of this review would dream of but never do.  He hops a circus train and enters that most bizarre of American sub cultures of the depression era 1930's.  Read this and live vicariously in the circus from the comfort of your hotel's patio furniture.  You'll be glad you did and you'll feel more literate than if you read most of the trash you see at other chairs around the pool."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book in one night--couldn't put it down. There was so much to enjoy: the details of the circus, the story of Jacob, the suspense of the plot. It all drew me in and I was riveted until the end. My copy was a digital download from my library but the download was from Amazon. It included pictures from historical archives that really added a nice element of historical verisimilitude to the reading.There are several reviews on here with summaries of the book so I won't add another, I will just say if you're looking for a historically based novel that is well written and original, then this one is for you. Enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I didn't realize this was such a controversial book until I came to write my review. I liked the book. It is fast paced and an easy read. I did not like the explicit sexual scenes; I don't think they added anything, other than showing Jacob was nave, which we knew anyway. I didn&#8217;t like the animal abuse, and the fact that he was a vet and didn&#8217;t do anything about it, but if he would have he probably would have been red-lighted. The author did a lot of research about the circus in that era and it was interesting to read about some of the things that really did happen."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book based ( embarrassingly) on the attraction of the trailer. however, upon reading the book, I have to say that it outperformed my wildest expectations. I loved the characters, their imperfection and their depth.  Gruen's Narrative is vivid, exciting, passionate, and at times heartbreaking. the personalities of the animals and their role in the main characters interaction (and livelihood) in and out of the circus; are really moving.  I also found it refreshing that the main character's reasons for join the circus are not the norm. I did find the leading lady a bit flat at times, and the summation at the end left a little to be desired, but the ending was still perfect."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I first read the title and the back of this book,  I wasn't the least bit interested.  However --- two of my sisters, my daughter,  and my niece were reading the book at the same time --- and all four of them loved it and recommended it highly.  I had to get it --- and I had to agree with them!  Its a great story!  One that is amost impossible to put down!  I highly recommend this read!  I just hope the movie doesn't ruin it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book as one of the monthly selections for my book group.  We all loved it.  It is a human love story, an animal love story, a novel about a young man who overcomes terrible loss and a tale of survival.  As a child of parents who grew up during the Depression, I was interested in how the history of that era played a role in the plot.  I found the descriptions of the social hierarchy of circus performers, their relationships with the animals and the perspective of how they function as a sub-culture especially informative.  The author makes us, the readers, really love or hate the characters, and there were a few times when I found myself wishing I could step into a scene and protect or stand up to some of the characters.  Although the ending didn't seem quite realistic, it does fit with the hopeful dreams we all conjure up when we visit the Big Top."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Loved it, loved it, loved it.  Gruen 'feels' what it must be like to retain a facile mind but be trapped in an aging body.  What do we have left?  Our memories--the 'pictures' we have made through life that are filed away in our memory banks.  Props to Gruen for her obvious deep research into the time period, especially what circus life was really like during the depression (and beyond).  Her characters are engaging and true to form, and she uses them to weave a wonderful tale.  A great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an easy, entertaining and informative read.  I was enjoying reading this so much that I had my mom and a friend read it too on their kindle and they both loved it.  I wanted to read it for entertainment but ended up enjoying learning so much as well through the story.  I did not see the movie but now I might just to see how much justice they did to the book.  Plus I read it free from the Kindle Lending Library but it would have been worth buying!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was captivating from page 1.  The story kept a good pace and is one of those books you just don't want to put down.  I really connected with the main character and felt his emotions as if they were my own.  Other characters were both likable and despicable, but all the while intriguing.  A very interesting story and enlightening as well.  I can imagine life on a circus train during the depression and realize now that it was not all it was cracked up to be.  Highly recommend!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't sure if I wanted to read this, but I picked it up at a garage sale on the cheap.  The storyline was completely engrossing and I couldn't put it down.  I know nothing about circus life, so I can't comment on whether or not the circus elements are factual.  I do have experience both working in and visiting nursing homes and the descriptions here sadly ring true.  A review on the cover described the book as gritty and sensual and it is certainly both in a very entertaining way.  One of the few books that I immediately wanted to read again as soon as I finished it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The best part of this novel is the portion in the present day when the main character is an elderly man.  His flashbacks tell a story of an impetuous and hard-to-sympathize-with attraction to a married woman and his painful experiences working for a circus under a couple of bad guys, including a sadist who abuses animals and people alike.  Throw in a fantasy-like description of an elephant's intelligence and abilities, and you can decide if it's your type of story.I read some of the good reviews to try to figure out what the draw is from this book, and I still don't get it.  It was a chore to read, and the only reason I finished it is because it is so popular I assumed I would finally appreciate something about it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a book that grabs you from the beginning. It's a fantastic story that keeps you interested the whole way through. And it's a quick read. I just loved it so much. It's something for everyone, from the historical interest in the life of the traveling circus people during the depression, to the descriptions of old age in a nursing home. I actually insisted my husband read it when I was done. He's not an easy man to please, but had to admit how much he enjoyed it as well. I purposely don't want to say too much about the story since I enjoy reading books \"fresh\" without too much advance information. The only negative I would say is that the ending was bit unbelievable to me. But by that time everything else was so great, I didn't really care. It was as though the author was all done and didn't know how to end it. But I can forgive that."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Outstanding!Refreshing new topic, new ideas, utterly wonderful.A dark comedy, love-story about a circus during the Depression. The characters are developed and strong. The plot not missing a beat. And the animals, gotta love the animals and their personalities!Jacob is in vet school, until he drops out suddenly. He leaves his exam and walks all night until he no longer can manage another step. As he rests, a train comes down the tracks, in the middle of nowhere. He runs as fast as he can and jumps the train. It's all over as Jacob discovers he is on a carnies-train! He befriends \"Camel\", a circus hand who recruits Jacob to join.Interesting, dark, and wonderfully full. They style and measure by which M. Gruen writes is so welcoming and it is evident by her comments that she paid attention to details in her research.Would definitely read again!5 out of 5"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't read a lot of fiction these days because I don't havethe time, but I picked this book up from my Mom over my summervacation...And boy was I glad I did. Some books do more thancapture your mind; they create a certain feeling or emotionthat captures your heart too. This is one of those books.The author's voice has a certain cadence and style that sucksyou in from page one. And what seems to be a simple tale ofdepression-era circus life with an obvious outcome soon takesunexpected twists and turns to a surprise ending that had melaughing and crying at the same time.If you read one novel this year, I'd highly recommend this one.It ranks right up there with many of my all time favoritebooks."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is certainly an entertaining piece of work, one that will keep you occupied for the 4-6 hours that it takes you to read it.  Definitely not heavy lifting, but amusing and well worth the time.The story revolves around Jacob Jankowski, a 93 year old nursing home resident who \"flashes back\" to his early adult years spent in the Benzini Brothers circus.  The circus backdrop provides the opportunity to introduce numerous colorful characters and anecdotes (many of which are historical) that keep the story moving along at a good pace.The book opens with a prologue which is revisited near the end of the novel with an extremely well devised plot twist and puzzler.  I thought this was extremely well done.  The end of the novel, involving the 93 year old Jacob, was also very satisfying.All in all, a light, entertaining and easily consumed piece of work."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jacob looks back to memories of love and his time with the circus when he was a young man.  He needs them now more than ever to get him through the declining life he lives out in a nursing home. The story portrayed a difficult, sad, evil circus environment where animals were mistreated by men who mistreated each other as well, I guess to survive the depression.  I wanted more from the story than its hopeful ending.  I wanted throughout to be lifted above its base struggles. I want more vivid descriptions of scenes and increased depth to the characters. What Jacob, like so many in nursing homes needed most was the comfort of family, friends, and staff to listen, to care. A well written book with depressing undertones."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I must confess I had to listen to the audio version of this because I'm not allowed to open my Kindle until Christmas.  Either way, this was the best book I've \"read\" in a very long time.  I think I could understand Jacobs feelings about being in the nursing home since I had to deal with my mom being in a nursing home.  His description about sitting in the dining room was so real.  Do yourself a favor and enjoy it.  Also, it has a great ending."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen's prose is straightforward and simple, her research of Depression-era circus life impeccable.  With a gentle hand, she transports the reader back to a time and place most of us could never imagine. Along the way, her rich characters--Jacob, the young protagonist whose world implodes as he readies himself for life as a veterinarian, Marlena, the beautiful circus performer he falls in love with, and August, her psychotic husband and head trainer of the 'Worst Show on Earth'--leap off the page.  Water for Elephants is a rickety train ride into the dark, seedy, melancholy world of the 1930s circus performer.  But it's a trip worth taking.  Your final destination is not a place of misery and despair but one of love and hope.  And the ending is guaranteed to soften the hardest of hearts.Salmon Run"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is my second review on Amazon.  I seriously have a lot of catching up to do.I love books about animals as I am such an animal lover myself.  The read was cool, which hotted up at the end, although a little slow moving to begin with.  In the second half I couldn't put it down, I had to know the ending as I was on tender hooks all through the time.  I guess part of this story was very emotional.  Well worth a read despite the slow beginning."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel is a great read-- I found it impossible to put down, from the very beginning. The characters are wonderful, and the sub-plots involving Walter (the dwarf) and the main character really make the whole story exciting. I honestly could not tell how the book was going to end until the last dozen pages, even though the first chapter contains quite a bit of foreshadowing-- I was still second-guessing my assumptions until the very end. I didn't know what was going to happen to the characters that I loved, or if there was going to be a happy ending, or whether it would be sad. I just wasn't sure.I love it when great books keep me guessing. Absolutely one of the best books I've read all year."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of those books that, when the end comes you want to flip it over and start again.  It begins with a scene from the climax of the book - a real page-turner.  A fantastic hook!Action bounces from \"present day\", then back to the 30s, then back again. Both settings appear to be thoroughly researched and are written with authority.  The author IS a 93 year old man AND a 20-something circus vet - even though she is a young woman.You will NOT be able to put this book down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Shame on you if you ever look at an old person again and don't remember they were once young and had the world by the tail.Jacob is now ninety or ninety-three, he can't remember, and is living out his last years in a nursing home treated as belligerent and cantankerous.He sits a lot and while he sits, recalls his life in the circus.  It is an amazing and fantastic story. And so I don't write a spoiler I will simply say, I couldn't put the book down!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I LOVED this book!  The three parts I loved the most were the beginning, the middle and the end.  Great books are far and few between and I am always happy to find one I can't put down.  If you want to get to bed early or get your house work done, don't read this book.  If you don't mind drinking an extra cup of coffee in the morning and putting the dishes off until later than by all means read this book.  Soooooo good."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book did an amazing job of transporting me to another time and place. Reading it, I really got a wonderful sense of the times during 1931 as well as the brutal daily way of life for people working for a traveling circus. I loved how well the characters were developed.I would have given this book a five star rating however the main love story felt a little too obvious and tired. The underlying love story is how the main character falls in love with the circus and, more importantly, an elephant."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The author has obviously done her homework, because this book contains the argot, the excitement, the turmoil of a down-and-out circus during the Depression.  One can smell the sawdust, the animals, and the people in this graphic story of a young man who runs away with the circus.  It is told through the eyes of a nonagenarian, and although the ending is predictable, one keeps reading for the final denouement.  It is inevitable that there will be a disaster and that Rosie, the elephant, will cause it.  The narrator's desire to once more be a part of the circus is understandable, but its happening is a little far-fetched, considering the way nursing homes are run.  However, the ending is happily satisfctory, and we will not drink lemonade the next time the circus comes to town."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It's not always that a popular novel lives up to the hype...but this one absolutely does!What I most enjoyed about this book was that it was unique from most other books that I've read.  I was transplanted to a place and time that I'd never been or really thought about before...a LIFE I'd never thought about.  It was really fascenating and I learned quite a bit about the circus, although some I didn't want to know.  I will caution that this book has some very graphic animal abuse scenes.Overall the story kept me reading, the characters and their lives were interesting and dynamic...even though some were not likeable.  The time passed quickly as I was reading, I was curious to see how it would end.  I dare say this was one of the better endings to a novel that I've read, I'd put it up that high for sure.  Full circle."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was awesome!  I really couldn't put it down...one of those books where I try to get somewhere early just so I have time to read while I wait.  I bought it because I saw that the movie was coming out...and I always like to read a book before the movie.  I was NOT disappointed and now am anxiously awaiting the movie release.  I loved it how it went back and forth between Jacob's time in the circus and his life at age 94.  A wonderful love story...but it was much more than that! I highly recommend!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've seen the book from time to time, but the cover never intrigued me enough to actually buy and read it. Now I wish I had picked it up the first time I saw it! It is a delightfully different story of a 93 year old man who tells his story of his years in the circus through flashbacks. The topics are obviously well researched and that adds something special to the novel. It is a very engaging read and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a lighter, different type of book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "i totally don't understand why so many people loved this book. i earnestly tried to read it the whole way through but couldn't. the main character is completely unbelievable, and the dialogue is terrible (i find it hard to believe people spoke that way in the year this novel took place). the prose in this book had zero imagination. when i read books like this, i feel like the author is more interested in finishing than developing the work.the litany of things i hated about this book would take all day to write. i suppose if you were ever interested in read this tripe, go for it, as it seems like tons of people loved it. i hated Water for Elephants, however."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Dreadful.  Judging from the first paragraph, this novel had the potential for being absorbing and a good holiday read.  I was soon only making my way through it because I had nothing else to read and I kept thinking it must get better since it came highly recommended.  If only I had had something better than this time waster: lazy plot that never seemed to go anywhere because it went in too many irrelevant directions, little firsthand knowledge of the circus, low-level vocabulary.  A waste of time on a good topic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved Water for Elephants. Author Sara Gruen managed to place herself in the head of both a ninety-year-old man with Alzheimers in a nursing home, and a twenty-three-year-old man who had a great life ahead of him until tragedy struck. She swung back and forth between the character's present drab life to the unpredictable depression era circus of his youth so naturally that I was amazed how often I forgot I was reading a book. I was so entranced by the scenery and story that it just flowed along like I was watching it, or more accurately, living it with the characters. It's not often storytellers do this good a job in our generation. I have recommended this book to many people. Gruen is a writer to watch."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There is not much more I can add to the numerous reviews this book has already received except to say that I loved the book and thought that it was for the most part an original story and was very pleased with how the story progressed and ended.As original as the story was, I did find that there were some predictable plot points, but these didn't detract from the story in any way.  Also, I believe that I read another review in which the reviewer indicated that this was more of a book for kids and pre-teens.  While I don't agree with that, I do think that written a slightly different way (taking out the minor sexual content) that yes, this could have been a very good book for kids.  Nothing wrong with that. I'll give this one a 4 1/2 star rating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love when you open a book and start reading, and you visualize yourself right there.  Not only do you see things, you can smell the aromas in the air, and you are stopped just short of touching.  You stand there witnessing the events going on around you.  You can not stop them, you can not change them, but you are feeling the feelings of everyone there.  I did not want this book to end.  This book had me emotional from the beginning to the end, and even beyond."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was really surprised how much I enjoyed this book. From the opening line on Chapter 1 all the way to the end, you are hooked.A young veterinary student loses is parents tragically during the time of the depression. After having his family house repossesed by the bank and no prospects, he winds up working in a circus.As stated in other reviews, there are some shaky transitions and predictable plot points. But there is a sincerity to the book that works and unique setting that makes one easily forgive the story's few shortcomings.And it's the setting that I really liked about this book. It brings back the circus of old and it made me miss it. The smell of animals and hay. The popcorn and cotton candy. The acrobats with the sequined vests. You get a wonderful \"behind the scenes\" insight to a peice of nostalgic Americana. Combined with classic dramatic elements and a motley cast of characters, this is a great book and I'm glad I got it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is well written, well researched, and overall an interesting story. That said, without a doubt I would have closed it and never finished it due to the abuse of the animals, but I read until the end it because it was a book club choice. This is not a book for animal lovers and I found it to be incredibly painful. Those who torture animals are the scum of the earth in my opinion and I don't enjoy reading about them. Nothing personal Sara Gruen, you are a good writer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was hesitant to read this book since it felt like everyone I knew who raved about it was a middle-aged lady and I didn't think it'd have enough action to keep my attention.  To my pleasant surprise, the writing was just brash enough to make me want to keep reading, often laughing out loud at the bizarre pseudo-autobiography.  I recommend it as a quick, easy, summer read.  Yes, a bit on the chick-lit side of the spectrum, but very good just the same."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a great vacation read.  The book is engaging and easy to read.  The author has paralleled the story of Jacob into a depression era love and life story that takes place in a circus.  In Water For Elephants, Jacob steals the love of another man's wife.  The man is cruel and probably mentally ill.  Jacob's heartrending moral dilemma over his love for Marlena amid all the circus characters and their individual tales forms the struggle in the novel. While the novel is character driven, it has plenty of action.  I agree with another reviewer that this book would make a good movie. I gave this 4.5 stars.  It is good not great literature."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The title of this book attracted me; the cover blurb sounded good; and who can resist an elephant as a character in an adult book?  So even though I was not famliar with the author, I bought this book, and oh how glad I am that I did.  What a magnificent read!  The characters are delightful.  The author's tone and pacing are fantastic as she seamlessly moves you from the present to the past, never leaving you wanting at the end of either time period as she moves her story relentlessly forward.  At the end of this book I had a strange and wonderful reaction.  I actually hugged it to me and just sat there for a minute or so thinking about how good I felt and wondering what the main character might be doing now."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A 90+ gentleman (sharp as a tack) in a nursing home watches from the window as a circus comes to town.  He takes us back in time to his own \"carny\" days as a veternarian for the circus animals.  So far sounds boring as heck, doesn't it?  Well, this is one old gent you come to really like.  We learn a lot about the shenanigans behind the scenes of the circus as well as the plight of those during the depression.  Again, sounds boring.  But this author makes it a story you can't put down.  This is a testament to a great writer.  I believe she could make the phone book interesting.  JUST READ IT !!  You won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Fortunately, I didn't pay full price for this book; I borrowed it on my Kindle through my Prime membership.The author found some interesting true circus stories but wove them together poorly. The book read like a treatment for a screenplay, in that it seemed less like a novel than an attempt to sell a script to Hollywood. The characters all sounded the same, and the dialogue was too modern for the time period of the novel. I have not seen the movie, but I think it would at least be visually interesting to distract from the plot. The love story is barely believable and the villains are archetypes--you've seen them before.Not very deep, but the animals are interesting. Much more so than the people."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A friend loaned me this book and told me it was one of the best she'd ever read.  Then she said, in a voice just above a whisper, \"It's about the circus.\".  To be honest, that didn't intrigue me at all.  But right from the start I was hooked and finished the book in two days, then re-read it a couple of days later to my husband.  This is a book I will read over and over again just because of the beauty of the characters and the fascinating facts about the depression-era circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was given this book by a friend that insisted that I read it, \"It was fabulous\".  I read about 100 pages of it and set it down which is something I rarely ever do.  A couple months go by and I was at a party where a couple people again said what a great book it was.  I decided I had to give it another try so I picked it back up and continued to read it.  At the end, I still don't understand the love of this book.  I didn't care for the animal brutality and I just never connected with the characters in this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't too enthusiastic about reading this, and so I chose to see the movie before deciding whether or not I wanted to purchase it. After seeing the film, I figured if the book is anything like the movie it wouldn't be half bad. The book is A MILLION times better. I read it in a few days and was absolutely hooked from cover to cover. As the book progresses, you find yourself feeling everything Jacob feels: guilt, love, affection, worry etc. Gruen did an awesome job bringing the story to life and the characters Rosie and Kinko were definitely an added bonus. I would recommend this to just about anyone old enough to handle a few \"detailed\" scenes and my book had a series of pictures every couple of chapters, some of which I would deem inappropriate for younger kids. I'm seventeen and didn't have an issue with them, but parents BE WARNED."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I give this book a 2.6.  All those people Jacob's father helped in that little town and no one came forward in his time of tragedy?  It just didn't seem realistic to me.  Someone from immigrant stock with the pluck and drive to get into Cornell vet school is not likely to founder in this situation, nor just dismissively to walk away from his final exams.  Jacob wasn't a pampered trust fund baby; he'd probaby had it a bit rough all along. The rest of the story is just a contrivance built upon an unbelievable premise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book. While it has history it is not a dull history book and the history is indeed interesting. The book details the lives of different people enveloped in the gold rush from a wonderful clergy man ,a young Irish woman with a keen sense for business, successful and not so successful miners plus those who went there with no knowledge of mining or life in the very rugged north.The book is very well written and weaves the history, the town of Dawson, and the individual characters together seamlessly."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "An interesting historical novel set in the context of Revolutionary Spain, but classic Hemmingway, it carries with it the important lesson of activism over apathy, especially pertinent to today's world.  It teaches that ideals transcend political boundaries and that if you believe in something strongly, then you owe it to yourself to protect that ideal in any part of the world and at any cost, even that of your life.  Intwined is a beautiful love story.  One of my top 5 greatest books of all time.  Thats a rave, baby.  The poem by John Donne at the beginning makes the book worth buying.A 5 because it is a great story with an invaluable lesson.  If you gain nothing, you still read beautiful prose by one of the greatest authors ever."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls takes the reader on a three and a half day journey starring Robert Jordan who is assigned with blowing up a bridge. He is in Spain and the fighting is between fascists and the Republicans (Robert Jordan&#8217;s side). It accounts his time with a group of guerrilla fighters.While the writing drags on at times and in the beginning it is difficult to tell what or whom the dialogue is between, it is a pretty good book. Topics such as love &#8211; between Maria and Jordan, the psychology of soldiers, and who God is are covered in this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What could be better than Hemmingway?  More Hemmingway.I learned about this short epilogue on the program \"Hemmingway in Cuba\" was broadcast April 6, 2013 on my local pbs station.  There is a joint effort by Cuban and American scholars to preserve all the materials left at his home in Cuba.  I am not a scholar, but want to share this with other readers of Hemmingway.This Epilogue for \"For Whom the Bell Tolls\" was found in the basement of Finca Vigia.EpilogueIt was night when Golz rode in a staff car on the road down from the pass to El Escorial."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book has everything.  War, Romance, and the little known history of the Spanish Civil War.Hemingway is at his best in this book.  His keen journalistic eye doesn't miss a detail.Although the era he is writting about has long since gone by the reader cannot help but be pushed back in time.There is one scene that always sticks in my mind.  I think Pablo's mujer is telling Robert Jordan about a village they \"cleaned\" of fascist.  The details of the brutality in that section of the book will give any reader a glipse of what war is."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I became hooked on Hemingway long ago when I was in college, and this is the book that got me hooked. In English composition we were being taught how to write interesting sentences, for instance, how many adjectives you could use in describing a person walking down the street. Then I read Hemingway and realized you could write, \"He walked down the street\", because walking wasn't the important thing. The important thing was what was in the heart of the person walking down the street. When Hemingway won the Nobel Prize the committee mentioned THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA, but it would be hard to imagine Hemingway winning the Nobel Prize and becoming one of the three giants of twentieth century American literature without FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS. I would recommend this book, but be careful, you just might get hooked on Hemingway."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is perhaps one of the greatest books of the 20th Century. Set in revolutionary Spain about 1933 or so, the book covers less than a week of real time, as American Republican Partisan Robert Jordan assists a band of guerrillas in blowing up a bridge in preparation for a major Republican attack.  Hemingway is a master storyteller, and the weaving of love, life, death, and the horrors and deceit of war are well developed.  You know the ending at the beginning, and yet the development of the story and characters are so rich and so complete that there is little to do but wistfully tear up during the last chapter.  The book is a page turner, and a must read treasure of 20th Century literature."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With vivid, descriptive prose, Hemingway takes us into the mind of a soldier.  Focused on duty and his mission, our main character encounters love among the carnage, but even that does not sway him from his duty.  Though at times a bit long-winded, Hemingway brings the internal battle of war to the surface.  The self-talk that goes on shows the conflict behind the rough exterior.  We also see the useless deaths that take place because of the uncertainties that come with war."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It cracks me up how Hemingway refuses to write swear words and the word &quot;obscenity&quot; becomes a verb, ie. We are obscenitied!The obvious Spanish syntax is interesting as well and I imagine that those not fluent in Spanish would find the English both twisted and awkward at times.(example, Hemingway writes, &quot;For a favor, do this!, which seems a direct translation of &quot;Por favor&quot;.Another example is &quot;How many years to you have?&quot; (Cu&aacute;ntos a&ntilde;os tienes) instead of the proper English &quot;How old are you?&quot;.  It's as if Hemingway wrote the dialogue in Spanish and then translated it word for word into English. I'm not sure if this is genious or annoying.Regardless of this goofy English, the novel is a good read and I recommend reading it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is a fantastic book.  Hemingway writes heroes with fears, doubts, and faults so well that I feel a deep connection with them.  Not every man is a John Wayne; passing through life clear of purpose and without second thoughts.  (But watch a little tv and you'd think it were so.)  Hemingway creates characters I can understand, appreciate, and connect with.  Also, Robert Jordan's love interest reflected my own with my fiancee.  The book was fantastic for its story, its plot, the characters and the way it made me feel reading it and afterwards."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I learned a very important lesson here; take a good peak at the book before you get it. The Scribner publication (paperback) of this Hemingway Novel wasn't the one I believe most people read. This was spattered everywhere with \"Thee\" and \"Thou.\" That really detracted from the story. Unfortunately I don't think even with out that distraction the story wouldn't have been much better. It also would have helped me had I known more about the bigger picture. I'm not that familiar with Spanish history and wasn't sure who represented what. Also a strange personal quirk; I keep thinking of the protagonist Robert Jordan, and transposing him in my mind with Di Vinci Code protagonist Robert Langdon. I guess it's the common name Robert."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read many, many books. I read many good books. But I read few books that are masterpieces and that I *know* are masterpieces before I've even finished them. This is one of them.Hemingway is a writer of many virtues and his share of faults. All his virtues and few of his faults are on display here. He brings to life a little skirmish in a &#34;little&#34; war that would perhaps be largely forgotten by most of the world were it not for this very book. His characterizations (with the exception of Maria, who however well she serves her purpose, is still, frankly insipid) are brilliant. Jordan is easily one of his most likable and relatable heroes, Pilar one of his best female characters. The conflict, and especially the climax in the last fifty pages, is electric.Thought-provoking, moving, entertaining - what more can you ask from a book?"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My first Hemingway was Men Without Women, a collection of short stories, and I was so bored with it. After that, I pretty much put Hemingway on my black list, because if I couldn't stand his short stories, there's no way I'll get through a whole novel. Man was I wrong. I read this book based on a recommendation from a friend. All I can say is wow! This book is truly beautiful; the characters, the scenes, and all the emotions that goes with it.The whole story takes place in 4 days. It's about a man who's on a mission to blow up a bridge and to do so he needs to work with the local guerrillas. Each character is unique, and the all the things one man can learn about life in just 4 days.Definitely one of my favorite books of all time. I look forward to checking out his other novels as well."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A major portion of the novel is told through the thoughts of Robert Jordan, with flashbacks to meetings with Russians in Madrid, and some reflections on his father and grandfather. Jordon's inner monologues fascinate and clearly demonstrate Hemingway's skill with language and character development. Jordan, at one point comments to himself, that he is his own best companion. Because of his wartime responsibilities, he cannot allow himself to be overcome by emotion, which he considers a luxury. Whenever he feels anger, deep love, disappointment, foreboding, fear, anything that will distract him from his purpose, he talks himself down and refocuses. In such a relatively brief period, he begins to love life as never before, because of his feelings for Maria. Even here, however, he accepts that if anything happens to him, he is fortunate to have experienced a lifetime in three and a half days."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is a Hemingway less affected by his modernist tendencies than To Have and Have Not yet not as uninfluenced as The Old Man and the Sea. Also, there is a good deal of sexual discussion and activity, though all of it is done in an explicit-yet-entirely-implied manner exclusive to Hemingway's style. This story of the American professor who joins the Spanish Communists in their fight against the fascists explores love, morality, Communism, duty, awareness of death, and bravery in the face of death. Specifically, impending doom expedites and deepens the life and love of the characters.  A good first read but not necessarily worth a return."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you're a Hemingway fan, then you should not miss this book. There's a reason why many people feel this is his best novel. The scenery, character development, plot and overall picture in words make this a masterpiece. With the Spanish civil war as his launching point he makes great strides in making the reader feel the grip of ANY war past or present. What you get here is a lot of his philosophy on war, life, love and death. A theme with which he was more than passively familiar having had several near-death experiences until he finally took his own life. Compared to many of his other works, the ending is also somewhat of a fresh surprise. The John Donne quote cited in the fly leaf speaks volumes about the current troubles in the world today. Like all great literature, despite being written more than sixty years ago, this book still feels fresh and new."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I feel bad giving a one star review on this because the paperback is printed very well and it looks very high class.... but this one is all Hemingway's fault. I LOVE classic books. I am an avid reader and I read books by Faulkner, Proust, Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Victor Hugo in my free time. I was not assigned this and actually, if anything, I set out predisposed to like this book; that said, there were very few good things about this book. If you want to learn more about the Spanish civil war, this book might be for you - but if you care about characters, plot or writing style, this book is destined to disappoint. I can't believe I'm saying this about someone whose name is synonomous with a writer (eg. &#34;I'm no Hemingway but...&#34;), but this book was poorly written."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I tried to get through it, I really did.  But then I remembered what a chore it was in High School when two of his novels were required reading.  It bored me stiff then, and it does now.  But I have found that with Hemingway, he's either your cup of tea, or he isn't.  The characters are shallow, and I don't like his writing style, in any of his stories.  Personal choice, to each his own.  As the reviews show, some love it, some don't.  I don't.  But at least I won't resort to name calling like some reviewers do, when someone doesn't share their opinion.  If you've never read it, give it a try, you may love it.  If you don't, its not indicative of your intelligence level as some would have us believe."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a tough book to write about. How many ways are there to say \"brilliant\"? This was a re-read for me of a war story and love story. The book far surpasses both. It was the first to describe war as it really is: with flawed heroes, horrible treatment of the civilian population by both sides, guerrillas who are both cruel and afraid, madmen in commanding positions, etc. It also tells about the Spanish Civil War, so for people are unaware that there actually was such a war, it is an eye-opener on the prelude to WWII. The book is appalling and beautiful at the same time. Please read it or re-read it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS is a great book if you are interested in the history of the Spanish Civil War. It is also useful if you are seeking insights into Hemingway. So much of the novel is taken directly from the author's experiences as a foreign correspondent in Spain for the North American Newspaper Alliance.There are many facets of the book which contribute to its outstanding reputation. Hemingway's treatment of Robert Jordan, the protagonist, is exceptional. Jordan is a very complicated man who is radically transformed by the events described in the book. He is also the first Hemingway hero to contemplate suicide.El Sordo is a leader of another guerilla band which is operating in the same territory as the band in which Jordan serves as an aide. The description of El Sordo's last stand on a hill against the Nationalists is an example of Hemingway's best writing."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved Farewell to Arms, so I picked this up at the bookstore near work  and couldn't put it down.  It really grabbed me.  While the first chapter  in any Hemingway book is difficult due to his lack of immediate  characterization, it soon becomes easy to understand.  I loved the  dialogues between Pilar, Jordan, and Maria.  They were so funny.  I even  learned some Spanish.  I love Hemingway's prose and for a while I tried to  model my own writings after his.  Unfortunately, I'm not as good as he is  at it.  Anyway, this book has inspired me to go to Spain for my semester  abroad and to research the Spanish Civil War more deeply.  Great novel that  happens to be educational."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is a story that will be with you forever after you have finished the last riveting page.  All other books will be judged by standards set by Hemmmingway in this one.  The Tragic story of Robert  Jordan and his love Maria is more amazing than any other I have read, seen  or heard.  El Sordo's final stand reads the way the greatest symphony is  heard.  Tension and crescendo that builds and builds until you become one  with the characters and their struggle.  I have never read a book that ends  like this one, and chances are a first time reader has not either.  Get  this book.  Read it.  This IS writting."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've probably read this book over 4 or 5 times throughout the years, first having read it as part of an assignment in a High School English class.  This is my absolute favorite book, and I'll tell you why.  As many reviewers have already pointed out, this book is enjoyable on so many levels: the characters are deep and complex; the questions about their purpose are deep.As a native Spanish speaker, I truly enjoy this book much more because Hemingway's prose is an exact translation of how the characters would speak in their Spanish setting, which I only realize now living in Puerto Rico and re-reading this masterpiece after many years (and two war tours).  The conversations, which may seem awkward to a non-Spanish speaker, are perfectly natural if translated into Spanish, adding to the realism of his tale.  Chalk this up to Hemingway's genius and his ability to create realistic worlds in which his characters live and die."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book gathers momentum slowly, but I guarantee that if you stick with it to the end you will be very well rewarded.  I enjoyed this book for insight into history as well as military tactics.  It's almost like you are behind enemy lines, eavesdropping on what is happening.  But the last 40 to 50 pages swiftly gathers momentum both in action and emotional impact. But intertwined is this heart-wrenching love story, at least at the end it's heart-wrenching.  I've read four of Hemingway's books, but this one ranks easily at the top.  There is so much emotion and character in this book, the stuff that makes us human and heroic, and that makes Hemingway so great.  The last 40 pages or so builds so much emotion, suspense, and excitement you cannot put it down--the mission climaxes, the love story climaxes, what a ride!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Well, I'm embarrased to say that it took me until late in life to finally get around to reading this gem. And oh, what a gem it is. Robert Jordan is one of those characters that just stays with you. I found myself a bit envious of his adventure, at least for a while (don't want to give anything away). For me, having never fought in a war, the sense of romanticism, mingled with the clear tragedy, seemed a realistic picture of what it must be like.Ultimately, I admire the sense of duty and honor so many of these characters display, and I wonder how many people share that kind of personal commitment today. I like to think it's still a high number (certainly we see it our military men and women), but I can't help but wonder.......This book is a 5-star read all the way around. Read it. You won't be sorry."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "You understand you have to like Hemingway. This work embodied his distinct style of writing, the spare, yet eloquent manner that is known as his. Hemingway's ability to saddle every word with meaning and emotion is at it's ripest in this work, where he writes a war story that encompasses the entire spectrum of the human experience, form love to hate, spite to sacrifice. While the Spanish Civil War included tens of thousands, Hemingway writes of a handful of people who represent the whole of the country. Heroes do not always win in Hemingway's world, but in their defeat, they do win. The bravery and ultimate sacrifice of the protagonist captures that bitter fact of life. This novel has a meaning and lesson that can only be appreciated and understood by those who have read it. It would be a loss not to."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hemingway really did excellent work when he wrote this novel based on his experiences covering the war in Spain. I especially liked his description of his main characters female lover.  It gives a good idea of what the guerrillas did behind Fran cos lines. I really enjoyed the ugly women who had in her life many young handsome swashbuckling lovers who were matadors. This reminds me of advice I have given to women many times in my life essentially if you are a women and you like a guy pursue him it's really a buyers market for women when it comes to men in that respect."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Then check out the passage when he falls to nothing.  This is the best war book (along with Tim Obriens The Things They Carried which is way different, and about a different war, but equally powerful) that I have  read.  It exhibits everything and gets to the point of life and its lack of  purpose if you cannot find something worth dying for, and that that purpose  is not the real purpose at all when it comes down to dying.  This is not a  dark book, nor is it self-pitying as I imagine a less able writer would  make it so soon.  It is not even depressing, it is exciting and touching  and well-written.  And there's winesacks as well.  &quot;the bell tolls for  thou,&quot; he quotes.  This book gets to the connectedness and loneliness  of people."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hemmingway transcribes his expat experiences in the Spanish American war into a gripping story of the futility of combat.  The main characters hide in the hills struggling between loyalty to their anti-fascist cause, and the scars caused by the attrocities they've experienced.For whom the bell tolls, as we all know, \"It tolls for thee!\" This summarizes the story.  To Hemmingway, war is futile.  We all lose.  Agree or disagree with the morality, the story captures Hemmingway's ability to lay emotions bare with strong minimalist prose and dialogure."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I think Hemingway has the fame he does because of his life and not his works.  This is my favorite Hemingway novel (admittedly, I haven't read all of them) and I give it four stars because it deals with Spain and I like the plot.  Even so, Hemingway thought he spoke Spanish, which he decidedly did not.  Early in the novel, while discussing the procurement of horses, someone says something to which another character says \"Less bad.\" I don't know if that's Hemingway, a translator taking this from a Spanish edition or what, but \"menos mal\" does not translate to \"less bad.\"  It's \"all right,\" \"better yet,\" or whatever phrase makes sense.  \"Less bad\" is just wrong.I agree with those who question Hemingway's putative brilliance.  I think his life is far more interesting than any of his works that I've read.  Still, I enjoyed the plot of this novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "in for whom the bell tolls hemingway looks at war from the individuals perspective. his army is a rag tag group of guerrilla fighters, not the army. the time and setting is the spanish civil war. a general understanding of that war is helpful. the characters include mostly local insurgents and one american mercenary. the horrors of war are portrayed on both sides with neither having the higher moral ground.it is also a study of courage in the face of potential death. this is developed not only through the underlying theme of war, but the stories of some of the characters earlier lives which include bull fighting and the running of the bulls.the one drawback to the book is the stilted language used in the dialog of the novel (including the refusal to use obscenities).a book well worth the read"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you like Old Man and the Sea, you'll love this.  It is similar in feeling and has a Spanish flair.  I seldom remember lines from books, but I've memorized many from this novel.  The opening quote from John Donne is  as deep as they come.  It sets the tone for the book, but is better  understood if you immediately re-read the quote right after finishing the  book.  You really truly understand then what is meant when he says,  &quot;Do not send to know for whom the bell tolls....it tolls for  thee.&quot;"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Thus book remains a great achievement of travel writing, head and shoulders about other &quot;walking&quot; travel guides. The walks are thoughtfully designed to comprehensively cover the city; Georgina Masson's writing is cultured, individual and excellent, and the book is chock full of interesting background detail to bring the city alive. Rome is a unique and fascinating place and she definitely gets it! Wore out one copy of this book (earlier edition purchased in '78) and am now working on the second, unfortunately much heavier edition, also not the current one.Not a book for the short-stay or casual visitor who just wants to hit the top sites, but if you want to do some in depth exploration, a tremendous resource (definitely a read ahead resource).  Buy this book while you can - its gone out of print a couple of times so far!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought  A Companion Guide to Rome by Masson based on 5-star recommendations from Amazon, and for me it was not a worthwhile purchase.  The authors (it has been revised several times) offer infinite detail and historical tid bits, but it actually offers little that wasn't already in the Green Guide, and it is too heavy and too much reading in my opinion to do on site, while walking around. It was a nice reference, but I should have looked for it in the library and just borrowed it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The pleasure that Ms. Goodall had placed and received in sharing her life with chimpanzees is conveyed effortlessly in this book and touches you quite easily. I started reading this book not being to sure about what I was doing, since to know about the habits of these primates is not exactly among my list of favorite topics. So I just started browsing and before I knew it, sixty or eighty pages had gone by as well as my possibilities of getting up early in the morning.The author will guide your through the complex social structures in which chimpanzees live to the very detailed and amazing details of their everyday life. For example that they would eat gladly a human baby if given the chance. But more important she makes you care for their lives not as a consequence of a higher scientific purpose, but simply because the more that we relate to nature the more we are embraced in its blessings."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am going to see Jane Goodall's lecture next month, so I wanted to read a few of her most well-known titles before I saw her. \"In The Shadow of Man\" was the first book that I read in my Goodall Challenge. I loved this book. And I gained even more respect for Jane after reading this book. She's brilliant, she's a great writer, and she makes you really see chimpanzees as individuals who really are 99% of us.Read my full review (and join the Goodall Challenge!) here:[...]"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Like another reviewer, I'm an anthropology student and I had to read this book for a class I'm taking. Never has a book, meant for education, made me both laugh and cry out loud. It was simply wonderful. You will learn a lot about chimpanzees, and I promiss you will never watch them in the zoo, in the same way, again. Even if you are not looking to learn about chimpanzee developement and behavior, the book is excellent on a purely entertainment level. Even though this book is was a required reading, I was so impressed that I'm going out to buy her other books... just out of interest."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A really fine volume. Jane Goodall describes her study of chimpanzees at the Gombe Stream in Tanzania. She and her team has studied these animals over a long period of time. This covers the social behavior of the chimpanzees in the earlier years of the study.The story occurs at several levels. One, simply, is the interaction of individuals with their own personalities--Flo, David, Goliath, Faben, Merlin, Passion, and so on. Another level is the group/society. What is the structure of the society studies?The book covers the life cycle of chimpanzees in this environment-- from infant on. It explores relations with other species. It looks at the variety of behaviors that characterize chimpanzee society--reproduction, feeding, hierarchy, predation, and so on. The book also addresses the challenges facing chimpanzees as humans encroach further.In the end, a riveting book, well worth reading."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jane Goodall does an excellent job in describing how she started her career as a zoologist and humanitarian worker. She gives excellent descriptions of how chimpanzees interact as family members, how they feel like people do - and what people can learn from them. Her book makes us readers aware of how close animals can come to how human beings feel and act, and that man is by no means far superior to animals. It also gives us an incentive to appreciate animals and to respect them. Obviously, Jane Goodall observes and then accurately narrates. Even in the shadow of man, animals develop healthy, and man needs to respect that."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was the first book I ever borrowed from the library as a kid. I met Dr Goodall herself a few years ago. A gorgeous, wonderful woman. Humble. Quietly spoken. Impossible to ignore. My signed edition of this book is a treasure I'll take to my grave!Jane Goodall was once described as Conservation's Greatest Rock Star. She was so far ahead of her time, science is now only beginning to catch up. This is a beautifully written account of the beginnings of the longest continuous animal field study on earth. The discoveries Jane Goodall made at Gombe, in Tanzania, redefined not only science's understanding of Chimpanzees, but also redefined human beings. Because of Jane Goodall, we could no longer consider man to be the only \"tool maker\" living on earth.In the Shadow of Man has all the elements of a best-seller - politics, violence, sex, warfare, murder, devotion, tenderness, even love."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "An affectionate remembrance of Renoir by his son, concentrating the years up to the turn of the century.Renoir considered himself an artisan rather than an artist, disliked anything artificial, from margarine to ready-to-wear clothes, had among his friends artists, and musicians who are household names today.  \"It is when you have lost your teeth that you can buy the best beefsteak\" he would say, and considering that he became more infirm with age, this truism affected him no less than the rest of us."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "One of the most beautiful memoirs ever, not only about Renoir the painter, but about the world long gone of 19th century France.  In fact, if you wanted to recreate that world, this is the blueprint -- not the world of the rich and the powerful (Proust is the blueprint for that), but the world of the rustics, the rural/urban poor, the artisans.Jean Renoir's own memoirs of his life in cinema are also fine, but much more fragmented.  He did write like an angel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "These shots were taken in 1989, just as China was about to burst into full blossom as an international powerhouse.  I lived in China for six years, from 2000 through 2005, and when I look at these pictures, I'm reminded powerfully of my first year there and all the changes that happened at light speed each year after that.  If you have been to China, or if you are Chinese and old enough to remember your land before 2000, this is a moving trip through vivid cultural and social memories.If you have any interest in China or photography, this book is a must have for your library.  Grab it and feel lucky to have a copy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Page 162/163 shows a man holding up a little puppy as others look on including one smiling, he is staring right into the puppy's eyes, while the decapitated carcass of another dog is right next to him. It says in the description that it is part of Cantonese \"culture\" to feed puppies with white rice for nine months and then butcher them. I want to make a point that any person who can stare a little puppy in the face and then butcher them during non-famine times is not a human being. This is barbarism, pure and simple. I really like Asian people but they can't hide behind \"culture\" and expect everyone else to keep quite, the same goes for everyone else. This is the 21st century, not the Middle Ages. Every group of people on the planet need to change for the better, not make excuses for backwardness."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The photography in this coffee table book is just wonderful. It's a result of a project conducted on April 15, 1989, the 40th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China (ironically, just before the protests of Tiananmen Square). Ninety of the world's leading photojournalists fanned out across country and took photos, leaving a record of a varied country. We see Buddhist monks clad in scarlet, people practicing ballroom dance in public squares, hundreds of bicyclists pedaling to the rain plastic ponchos, a bare-bottomed toddler pedaling a bicycle, Muslim men at prayer, a psychiatric patient, and Deng Xiaoping spending a quiet night at home babysitting his friends. The photos are huge and breathtaking and a volume well worth having as a record of life in this vast and varied nation."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This oversized book is full of beautiful photographs.  Each recipe is accompanied by a large color photograph, as well as its region of origin and Italian and English names.  Italian cuisine is explored by region, with spectacular photos and an engaging essay on the cuisine of each of the following regions:  il Nord-Ovest, il Nord-Est, il Centro, il Sud, e le Grandi Isole.  This is a cookbook not only to use in the kitchen, but also to peruse for an enjoyable view of Italian landscapes and a taste of Italian culinary history and regional cuisine."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I know I will never be able to visit India, so my \"trip\" comes from books. Dalrymple is a great tour guide. He took me places that I wouldn't have been able to visit even if I flew to Delhi today.The people he met and described were as fascinating as the places he explored. This book is a combination of history, tourism, mini-biography, human interest, archeology and anthropology. The mix was well balanced and Dalrymple's writing ability made the entire book entertaining as well as educational.Please do not let the age of this book dissuade you from reading it. Dalrymple's take on Delhi will still be worth the read for as long as people read.My only gripe (worth a tenth of a star) was with the only map. Though nicely drawn by his wife, it was nearly useless. A more inclusive map would have added a tremendous amount to my enjoyment."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Whether you plan to visit Delhi, have been blessed to have been there, or just want to read an informative, good traveler's (note: not tourist) tale, then City of Djinns should be on your list of books to read.  William Dalrymple paints a picture full of humor and fascinating detail, mixed with love and frustration.  Which is what Delhi is: fascinating, frustrating, fun, and full of incredible people.  Delhi is multi-layered and not easily explained.  Delhi has to be experienced. Yet, Dalrymple brings to life a lot of the feeling of this magnificent city.  More importantly for me, he brings to life part of its history, details history books leave out, alley ways that deserve to be explored.  As a traveler blessed to return to Delhi fairly often, I have found the details of Dalrymple's book adding value to my visits - by knowing which alley ways might just be explored."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a superb book on Delhi's history without the textbook type narrative that usually is associated with books like these.Appreciating Delhi is difficult for most non-Delhi wallahs for the ostentatious ways and too aggressive nature of its modern day denizens..but having read this book is like lifting the screen to see a much more beautiful and unbelievably long past of the city; to date a city's history till that long back is truly an amazing feat shown by Dalrymple here.Dalrymple gives comprehensive and unbiased accounts from the city's birth to it present day status, toggling between anecdotes of his own experiences in the city. In doing so, he succeeds in bringing out the secret lives of the eunuchs, passionate pigeon fights in Old Delhi, the wild rule of William Fraser in the jungles of Mehrauli, the frivolous codes of the decorum practiced in Mughal period, the popularity of the Sufi saints and their powers and much more to help you envisage the rich heritage of the city."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "dalrymple is simply one of the best travelogue writers today as he lives, breathes, imbibes the culture &amp; history of the places he travels to.  in this book, he takes you to the delhi (india) of old, a once beautiful and cultured city and revisits the historical, political and cultural  forces that shaped it.  dalrymple does all this with a keen eye and a  sympathetic ear for the inhabitants of the new delhi.  he shows an unusual  understanding for the people who once lived there and who live there now,  their aspirations &amp; fears.  even more remarkable is the fact that, the  empathy dalrymple feels comes through while he successfully avoids sounding  patronizing in his depiction of old &amp; new delhi.  all in all a fabulous  and very enjoyable travelogue, historical account and sympathetic tale from  a man who truly belongs without having been born or raised there....."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book when it was first published; I was living in New Delhi at the time. Dalrymple's writing astounded me, especially for one so young as he was then. I've thought of the book many times in the past 15 or so years, and when I learned one of my friends plans to travel to N.D. in the coming spring, I knew I had to gift her with this book. She will love it as much as I do, I predict. The layers of the city are peeled back through Dalrymple's sensitive approach to history and culture, and the reader is transported to places and times that are long gone, as well as those that are contemporary. Walking through the streets of New Delhi and Old, the reader feels as though the City has come alive in some other dimension. Voices speak from the past, and some of those voices have lessons to share."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this novel .  If you have a passing interest in India's fascinating history, you will find it a light but interesting read.  Or if you wish to visit the sub-continent and Delhi, it will illuminate your understanding of this complex city.  Dalrymple tells the story of a city that has been ruled by Mughals, Sikhs, Hindus, the British and more recently regained its independence.  I read it swiftly.  Pleasant narrator/author, who added depth to the history, by plumping out past historical figures and including current day Delhi-wallahs in their daily life.  I would recommend this novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The All American Girls Professional Baseball League had a six year run of success starting in 1943. Lois Browne doesn't get bogged down in stats and micro detail, but does an excellent job of describing what it was like to play in the league. Women had very few opportunities in the work force back then , and though their pay was far below the Major League men, it was more than women usually made elsewhere. My only criticism is that perhaps the book could be a little longer. Still, it is one I highly recommend. These women did help pave the way for future women's sports."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This cookbook is truly a worthwhile purchase. Yes, the pictures are nice and there are some good informative paragraphs about the history of the food and regions where the food was influenced by. The the value of this book is in the recipes. The recipes are very authentic to Mexico. Such that some of the ingredients can be hard to find here in the United States.The favors are restaurant quality. Good presentation and the end of the book has techniques and advice on food preparation before you engage in the actual creation of the meals. Every base is covered, so I give this book a full recommendation. It's good enough that I am now curious about the other books in the series."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is much more than a cookbook and rightly deserves it's title. Many people associate Mexican cooking with tamales, tacos and burritos which is no surprise as many of the Mexican restaurants in the US limit their menus to such items. This book goes beyond what Americans consider traditional Mexican cooking and highlights many of the recipes derived from their Spanish ancestors, executed with local ingredients.This oversized book is separated into regions and includes recipes as well as detailed information on the country. There is an extensive chapter on seafood including some excellent recipes which shouldn't come as a surprise since Mexico boasts a 6000 mile coastline. Extensive photography is also included in this book making it a suitable for anybody. If you can find a spot for it on your bookshelve, buy this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The book is large (10.5x14.5) and is fully illustrated and worth every penny. The illustrations are not step-by-step but are large images that show the finished product. I learned more from studying the final dish images in large format than from all the other Mexican cook books I have, and I have more cookbooks than I need. The recipes cover the simplest to the more complicated. I like the simpler ones. I have many of the best books from other authors, but they are text, text, text. This one makes me want to cook, which I am going to do right now!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As my husband and I have a predelection for fine cuisine and having  studied with a few world's renounced chefs and aficionados of Mexican Cuisine, I guarantee this cookbook's recipes will delight even the most fastidious palate. The easy-to-follow recipes are ever bit as appetizing and appealing they appear in the exquisite photographs. Even a novice cook will look like pro with the savoir-faire of authentic Mexican cuisine.  I strongly recommend this book for gift-giving.  (I actually own a copy and use it.)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Overall, an excellent overview of anarchism that is well worth reading. Glad I bought it and enjoyed reading it.However, at times the author goes from chronicling the views of individual anarchists (and opponents) to coming down on one side or another of a debate. This itself would be useful, except the author seems to give short shrift to views he doesn't share.For example, take Murray Bookchin's criticisms of deep ecology. Marshall simply treats Bookchin's criticisms as untenable and treats Bookchin's disagreements with the deep ecologists as an example of how Bookchin \"laments our alienation from nature ... but he would still appear to be a victim of the process.\"Perhaps if the subtitle of \"Demanding the Impossible\" had been \"An Evaluation and Critique of Anarchism\" rather than \"A History of Anarchism\" this wouldn't have been so jarring, but it left me wondering (as someone not overly familiar with anarchist thinking and debates) how much of his history is colored by his own personal views on what is and is not anarchism proper."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Peter Marshall's Demanding the Impossible: A History of Anarchism has all the earmarks of a scholarly but eminently readable tour de force. It's comprehensive, objective, well sourced and indexed, and frequently updated. It has a large and helpful \"select bibliography.\"  The book covers all the major and (forgive the term) minor anarchists well. It's particularly adept at showing the precursors of anarchism as well as anarchism's close philosophical relatives. All the internal and external controversies and criticisms regarding anarchism are covered as well as anarchism's replies. The book covers the history of anarchism in action and in thought. Although the book is a daunting 705 pages printed in a font a tad too small for aging eyes, the book is a page turner. With an admirable scrupulousness, Marshall largely doesn't interject his affiliations until the very end in the epilogue and, even then, he does so minimally.This will be a book that I consult frequently. I cannot recommend it highly enough."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "book-my HUSBANDS personal copyCo-writerBud Shrake-Austin,TexasHarvey Morrison Penick-10/23/1904 to4/2/1995. Book is the 1992 edition.Instant classic-88 T I P S/175 pages/no photos. This is a SMALL red book.Throughout his love for golf and his loveof teaching shows through. He started outas a caddie at the Austin,Tx Country Club.He had been teaching for 60 years.My husband who DOES NOT read books LOVESTHIS ONE. Refers to it often. Its timeless.Still good info for 2012.Harvey says to also read:MODERN FUNDAMENTALS OF GOLF by Ben Hogan &HOW TO PLAY YOUR BEST GOLF by Tommy Armour.bbp okc ok 62 retired"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book contains many entertaining anecdotes gathered over the course of may decades. Harvey Penick chose to become a teaching golf professional rather than barnstorm the country during those early years of golf tournaments when many professionals were simply glorified hustlers. Eventually Penick became widely respected and many notable players and duffers stopped over to visit him at the practice tee. Over time, the wooden shafted golf clubs gave way to titanium steel.I certainly enjoyed the historical perspective that the book provided. Although some golf instruction is included in the book, it is more of a nostalgic look backwards to days spent in the Texas sun mowing the lawns and watering the greens. Reading a book like this is not a bad way to spend an afternoon. Harvey Penick had a good life.If you are searching for a serious golf instruction manual, however, you may want to choose another book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book many years ago, when I was 13. At the time I was into much younger books for younger readers, but my college aged sister introduced me to this one - and I was totally hooked. A love of historical fiction and gothic romance followed, and I read all of Victoria Holt's novels. There was no end in sight after that, and today, 27 years later, I often wonder where I would be without Victoria Holt. I recommend this book to all young adults. It will introduce you to a whole new world, one of reading."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book actually should be under one of Victoria Holt's other pen names, Jean Plaidy.  Plaidy writes about actual historical figures.The Queen's Confession is told by Marie Antoinette herself.  Well, not actually, but how she would have written it.  She grows up in the Austrian court under the guidance of her mother, the Empress Maria Therese.  She marries the Dauphin of France and deals with the &quot;uncrowned queen&quot;, Madame du Barry.  Finally, she becomes queen and started the beginning of the end of the French monarchy.  Scandal, intrigue, and flamboyancy were never as great, and the consequences are even greater.This book was wonderful!  I actually learned a lot about her (I thought I knew everything!).  Also, it is a good book to read if you are in for a good cry."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I prefer Jean Plaidy's books to those written under the name of Victoria Holt, mainly because I have an insane passion for historical fiction.  In all of her \"I\" novels written from the point of view of a Queen,  the reader actually becomes that woman's confidante and you feel that you  really know her.  It's an extraordinary gift for a writer to make someone  feel so at home with an aloof historical character.ETA (10/30/09): Having read more Plaidy recently and finding her style dry and hard to get through, I wonder what my opinion of this book would be, now 10 years since my original review? :-)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Ahhh Marie Antoinette. By now most people know she really did not utter the phrase \"let them eat cake\" in response to the raising bread shortage. During her and her husband's reign, the country was very unstable. There was a famine, a huge deficit, and finally, the Bastille and Reign of Terror.The book begins with her at 14, and just about to be married to the Dauphin of France. With get a look at what it must have been like to be her, a child bride, and completely unaware of what is in store for her. the famous line when they became the reigning king and queen\" we are too young to govern\" was probably true.We see her slowly mature and see through her eyes the country falling apart. What noone realized at the time was it really wasn't all her doing.Written as though she herself wrote it while awaiting exeuction, we feel sorry for her and that is truly the mark of a great book and a great writer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "From the dust jacket: ...Red Adam's Lady is a boisterous, bawdy tale of wild adventure, set against the constant dangers of medieval England. It is a story of civil war and border raids, scheming aristocrats and brawling villagers, daring escapes...Its vivid details give the reader a fascinating and realistic view of life in a medieval castle and village...The reviews here are excellent. There are times when I cringe at the brutality of an era but the writing here is so fast-paced I found I didn't have time. It's a wild ride and highly enjoyable."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was looking out over the ocean and I thought of this book that I had read 30 years ago. I went over all the details in my mind that I could remember and wished I still had this book to read. I grabbed my mac and went to amazon.com in the hopes of finding a copy. I read all the reviews and I was amazed at how many women are out there who remember this book as I do. The other reviews are all accurate. In one scene Jullitta and Adam are on the run. They are in getting ready to go to sleep and she tells him that if she ever calls him husband he will know that she is his. Which really matters at a later time. There are deer flapping at the oat cakes they were going to have to breakfast, and wild painted scots bent on murder. It's really a beautiful story. I hope they offer it on kindle soon."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It seems cruel to review this book because you can't get it anymore.  My old copy is held together with rubber bands.  I liked everything about it.  All the characters were wonderful; the history was accurate; the mystery and intrigue were mysterious and intriguing.  The secondary characters were almost better than the main characters.  Good wasn't always pretty and Evil was evil with reasons and, sometimes, even strengths.  You could hiss the villians and cheer the good guys but you knew that these people lived and you mourned and rejoiced with them.  When the hero finally wins his lady's love, it's a timeless moment. Her love is an achievement...not a casual tumble in the normal historical bodice ripper.  My only complaint about this book was it was too short and there's never been a sequel.  If you can find a copy, read it - you'll love it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am thrilled to see others know how good this book is!  I read this years ago and kept the copy for a long time.  Then because I was crazy I got rid of my copy.  I kept thinking about it though and a few years ago paid about 40 dollars for a used copy.  Money well spent!  I read this book at least once a year and enjoy it every time. I keep hoping it will be reprinted so more people can enjoy reading about Adam and Julitta. There is something romantic about a man literally having some sense knocked into him.  Unlike so many romances of the time that had the love interest fight each other to the end then suddenly they are in love, Ms. Ingram gradually brings Julitta from  dislike, to grudging respect, friendship and then love.  All this while the Scots are over the border, there is disloyalty in the household and treason is afoot.  This it a great read!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was going through my old book, looking to clear out the shelves and donate to the library, when I found this and decided to reread it.It's better the second time around.  I found myself wanting to strangle Uncle Aaron and to scream at Natalie. I think knowing what's in store for the various characters just built up the tension.My husband is a WWII junkie and so I have seen every episode of every documentary ever made about that war. But I learned more about the causes of the war and the thinking of the politicians from this one novel than from any of the documentaries.  If you are even vaguely interested in that war, read this.  Not just history, but a great story"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The story takes us and the Henry Family from 1939 to 1941.  We see how the coming war changes members of the Henry family and their friends.  We meet some of the important people who shaped the world and led us into War.  We participate in the invasion of Poland and learn who the war changed the lives of those who were involved.  Some characters face terrible challenges and rise to the occasion and others fail.  Hitler was not a nice person.  Read the book and watch the miniseries.  It was interesting to see the attitudes of many Americans before the war and others in Europe how they thought things were going."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this in hard-copy when it was first published.  During several moves, I have lost the book.  I decided to get the Kindle edition and I am thrilled to read this wonderful author again.  I found the sequel 'War and Remembrance' in the last move and will read that.  This is a long novel but well worth the time.  Although fiction, it involved historical figures that give it a real-life experience quality.  The fictional characters are fully developed and it is easy to visualize their life during the run up to World War II.  It is definitely a cautionary tale in today's world where most of us have the tendency to bury our heads in sand--or in family and work--and hope things will get better without doing anything ourselves.  Great read.  I'm still on the second half (because this is really two volumes) and even knowing the end, I'm rooting for Natalie and Aaron to get back home."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you were one of those students that was doodling during American History or, more likely, by spring when WWII was covered, was thinking of other things as the teacher sped through the entire event in two periods, this is an wonderfully enjoyable way to get the history you missed. Following two families, this historic fiction offers insights into WWII that no textbook could. It opens in early 1939 and closes with Pearl Harbor, describing events in London, Europe, Washington and the Pacific. The book includes an enormous amount of factual data on actual events and individuals who played a significant role during the period. Additionally, it very effectively employs the device of reports written by a fictitious German general, to provide the German perspective on the war effort there. All in all an excellent book that should be required reading for anyone that feels they know too little about the period. And the sequel, War and Remembrance (which I am now reading) is an excellent follow up, continuing to track the characters throughout the remainder of the war."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Herman Wouk's tale is a huge masterpiece: sweeping in terms of plot, character, and history. His knowledge of WWII is staggering; years of research are evident in the story. He also has the rare gift of literary poetry, with imaginative similes rolling off the storyteller's pen. The one very slight fault is that the occasional letters or diaries lose a bit of their authentic voice; most people, even creative geniuses, don't pen such cleverly Shakespearian notes to their loved ones. Otherwise, this is a moving and satisfying drama about one of the globe's great tragic conflicts. NOTE: I read a hard copy, not the much-aligned Kindle version."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As I sit here about to read \"The Winds of War\" for the umpteenth time, it and \"War and Remembrance\" are my number one and two of 42 years of reading and collecting books.No other fictional novel can give you a more accurate account of the actual beginning of those years preceding the entrance of the United States into WWII than \"Winds of War.\"  I know I am an amateur history buff of WWII, the Vietnam Conflict, and the American Civil War.  Not only does Herman Wouk give us a history lesson but he also gives us a monumental story of love, fear, joy, anger, hope, despair, and tragedy.Two books not easily put down and a story surely never forgotten."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book, and it's companion, \"War and Remembrance\" are two of my favorite novels of WWII. I read/re-read them about every ten years. I find them exceptionally well written with clearly drawn characters who enter the traumic period of Western civilization's march through the use of the industrial model for the destruction of millions of people and an end to traditional European colonial powers. I find myself caring about the characters, their losses, and how they delt with a world bent on destruction; characters trying to balance traditional values while creating new beginnings from the ashes of a world focused on self-destruction and death. I have read most of Mr. Wouk's books and have been a fan of his writings for many years. You will not be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "He's a most utterly unappealing protagonist.  Wouk wants us to think of Pug as a career-driven, very rigidly moral sort of person.  Instead, he came across to me as cold, humorless, stodgy, somewhat hypocritical, and very, VERY boring.  The few things Wouk has him do to make him less of a plaster saint (drinks a bit, smokes, lusts in his heart after a young English woman) didn't humanize Pug for me.  By the end of the novel, I found him about as likeable as Wouk's other famous character, Captain Queeg.That said, the plot of the novel was engrossing and most of the other characters (Including Hitler and Stalin!)were more interesting and entertaining than Pug.The definite highlight of the book is Wouk writing as the German General van Roon.  It's very convincingly done and it is in these sections of the book where what little (sly) humor Wouk offers is to be found."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I feel like I stepped into the 1940's and I was right ther with Pug and Rhoda. This is the most detailed and accurate novel on WWII that I have read.The charachers are so alive. This Navy family are scattered all over Europe and the US in WWII. You go from desk jobs to the trenches in Russia. Briney the youngest son marries a Jewish woman who is living in Siena, Italy so you can guess where that leads.You read the horrors of Hitlers Final Solution. All the military planning and battles and the tender moments between husbands and wives.The Kindle edition did have many typo's in it. I did report it and was assured that it is being corrected.This is a great read and it is so much easier to read on the Kindle as it is a BIG heavy book.I highly recommend it to anyone who loves WWII drama."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a 5-star book that should read by anybody with an interest in WW II. The comments and complaints regarding sexism and poor female characters... well the book was published in 1971. Compare it to some of the other fiction being published at the time... Ian Fleming, John MacDonald, Robert Heinlein. Wouk comes of pretty well in comparison to those authors, I think, especially as his subject is war. Despite this, Wouk still constructs some fascinating female characters... and not all of them are brilliant, easy to sympathize with, or even very smart. But then again, neither are the men.It's a long story, a bit melodramatic at times, will infuriate you, and bring tears to your eyes. Which was what Wouk set out to accomplish."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Extremely insulting that no one ever proof reads books after conversion to kindle format.  While the kindle edition appears to have undergone some clean up after so many negative reviews for a chapter to have \"Bearl Barbor\" as the title is beyond belief.  There are many other conversion errors with improper character recognition but I did not track those.  A few problems with hyphenation also remain where the printed edition used hyphenation as a means to word/line wrap but the after conversion to kindle the hyphen is no longer appropriate since the line wrap occurs at a different point in the line.  There are a few graphics from the printed version also scanned into the kindle edition and therefore of poor quality.  Can only imagine how bad War and Remembrance kindle edition must be since that title has been unavailable for many months while awaiting correction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Despite the fictional characters, I believe this book to be among the best sources available to get a sense of the world of the 1940's.  As a baby boomer, I grew up among many adults who were directly or indirectly involved in World War II.  Herman Wouk has captured the values and views of that generation in a way that no future novelist (one who was not an eyewitness to those times) will ever be able to do.  The Henry family whose lives are traced through this book typify the straightforward Americans of that day.  This book ought to have won a Pulitzer.  Oh and finally, in case none of the other 37 reviewers mentioned it, for inquiring minds:  &quot;Wouk&quot; rhymes with &quot;oak&quot;."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"The Winds of War\" by Herman Wouk was one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  I have just ordered \"War and Remembrance\" because I finished the latter today and need to continue with the story.  The first half of the story (the first book) was a bit slow at first and I was reluctant to continue on, however it soon picked up pace and I couldn't put it down.  The story was heart-rending and I became sympathetic to all of the main characters and felt disdain towards the antagonists, just as the protagonists felt. I recommend this book to anyone who loves America and the struggle to gain freedom in a time when hope seemed far in the distance.  This book will enliven the American spirit.  I am sure that \"War and Remembrance\" will be just as well-written as \"The Winds of War\" and I look forward to reading how the character's lives end up.  Read This!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved the mini-series so decided to give the book a go.  The TV series covered all the most important things from the book, but as usual there is much detail in the book that there was not time for in the series. This book is a good bet for  anyone who loves an engrossing story about a very important time in the history of mankind.  I learned a great deal that I never knew before, and I fancy myself somewhat of a history buff.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A reader does not need to have a special interest in war stories to enjoy this novel (along with its continuation in War and Remembrance).  This is a very well-written story that puts a personal face on World War Two.  Even though The Winds of War adn War and Remembrance is one coherent stroy covering over 2000 pages, the story never bogs down.  Spans events from the lead-up to the end of the war and follows the main characters all over the world.  Wouk does a great job of writing from various perspectives.The history seems to be fairly accurate, with some necessary literary license taken to covey the sheer volume of information required as the backdrop for the main characters.  You wouldn't read this to replace history works, but it really humanizes the events of the war."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wouk's The Winds of War is a wonderful piece of historical fiction.  Following the Henry family in their international travels in the lead up to World War II, the author's extensive research enables him to use this familial narrative as a context for providing the reader with a history of the events that lead up to the break out of WW II.  The characters are unpredictable and realistically three-dimensional.  The book was so good, I eagerly took up its sequel War and Remembrance the moment I finished it.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Winds\" is a magnificent saga of the Henry family and their friends and associates told against a backdrop of the world events leading up to the USA's entry to WWII.  Navy Captain Victor \"Pug\" Henry travels the world doing odd jobs for FDR while Germany invades Poland, overruns France, and fights England and Russia.  In the meantime, FDR keeps the USA out of the war. After rubbing elbows with Churchill, Stalin, and Hitler, Pug finally finishes up his tasks for FDR and heads to Hawaii to command a battleship.  All Pug really ever wanted was a sea command, a decent shot at flag rank, and good lives for his family.  Wait a minute---Hawaii?  Isn't that where Pearl Harbor is?  When I read \"The Caine Mutiny\", I thought I had read Wouk's best.  Despite the rather narrower scope of \"Caine\", I still feel that way. Don't miss this one though, it's great."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I consider myself very picky when it comes to books. They have to be pretty exciting and well writting to hold my attention. Maybe I have A.D.D. or something. As the other reviewer said, there is a little \"they know we know that they know\" business in this book, but that didn't stop me from zipping through this book in about 2 days. I  give this book 5 stars because the style of writing just allows you to literally sprint through the pages without realizing you're even reading. it's seamless, and a breeze to read. i never once stopped to question something he wrote, and never once felt like i was \"outside of the story\". i'll be purchasing more of his books pronto."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "They just don't write mysteries like Alistair MacLean did anymore. This is one of my all time favorite books. I first read my dad's copy as a teen, and was excited to find this edition, the same as the original I read, on Amazon.The story is gripping and engaging, and the twist at the end (a signature MacLean move which he save literally to the last page... no cheating!) will have you going back and re-reading it just to experience the story with that knowledge!The book was in excellent condition when it arrived - thank you seller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The whole Patrick O'Brian are works of art and will grab you for Captain Aubrey's entire career.  Interesting to note how many obstacles he overcomes as he climbs the ladder of command in the Royal Navy.  Its a good primer for young folks starting a career; it is not always a rocket path to the top.  You will encounter traditions, rules, and technology that impede your goals; and one has to be a risk taker.  Again and again Aubrey takes risks, rallies his seamen, and prevails.  One wonders if a personality like Aubrey would be tolerated in our risk aversion US Navy today."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Once again,Patrick O'Brian bats a home run. The author manages to make day-to-day - in fact a minute to minute - life aboard a Napoleon-era man-of-war seem like it is happening contemporaneously. And a very exciting life it is too. Aubrey's skill as a mariner is amply displayed, as are the machinations of .Maturin. I used to think the C.S.Forester's Hornblower was the ultimate in sea stories of that era, but his skill has been supplanted, in my view, by O'Brien. If you like sea stories you will love this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"The Mauritius Command\", the fourth in the Aubrey/Maturin series of novels written by Patrick O'Brian, shows Captain \"Lucky Jack\" Aubrey several years after the events chronicled in \"H.M.S. Surprise\" in wedded bliss, but alas, without much of a fortune to support his growing family. Indeed, he is no longer on active command, but a Royal Navy captain on half pay. Stephen Maturin arrives bearing salvation in the form of a special mission to the Indian Ocean, along with Aubrey's temporary promotion to Commodore in command of a small squadron. What follows is one of the most exciting installments in the entire Aubrey/Maturin saga, and the start of an extended story arc which will take their fight against Napoleonic France and its allies throughout much of the Indian Ocean and the adjoining portions of Southeast Asia. Once more Patrick O'Brian delivers the goods, with his excellent, lyrical prose that seems more at home with the likes of Jane Austen than with contemporary authors of fiction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jack commands the Boadicea, assigned to eliminate the French fleet capturing rich Indiamen around Mauritius.For the first time, O'Brian manages a \"proper\" novel format: this book starts with a goal, meets obstacles to achieving that goal, and ends with a resolution of that goal. More importantly, he continues his tradition of compelling characters in involving situations. I wasn't thrilled with the way poor Jack kept getting slammed with defeat after defeat, though. In addition, although thoroughly enjoyable and even re-readable, this book lacked the \"oomph\" that would have let me give it a 5 rating. Like all the books in this series, the conversion to e-text was done via OCR and not as carefully as I would have preferred. but the result is readable."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jack Aubrey's dreams of success in the British Navy get a boost when he is assigned as the Commodore of a fleet near Mauritius. But, along with the glory of the management post, comes the hellish torture of responsibility  for the actions of several captains less capable than Jack.Aubrey and  Maturin finally fully join their mental forces in the attempt to understand  just what makes each captain in the fleet tick. Each at their own level  (Maturin's rather deeper), they form a concept of the other personalities  they must work with. And Aubrey ultimately finds that even the best  planning can be brought to nought by one committee or another...This  book also gives us a gently amusing glimpse of Aubrey's life on land as a  married man. As with all the Aubrey/Maturin books, this is by turns amusing  and thoughtful, as well as realistic and picturesque."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Over the years I have read almost all of the Aubrey-Maturin novels and I have enjoyed them, but this one was new to me, and was a disappointment. The engagements were all conducted against a kind of generic background, where in reality Mauritius in particular has a quite dramatic, volcanic skyline, and the fauna (the dodo had only recently gone extinct) still show the sort of evolutionary drift that should have transfixed Maturin. Instead we maneuvered in and out of bays and inlets that might as well have been off New Jersey. Shipboard life in the Georgian navy was as usual vividly rendered, but Admiralty politics, while referred to (Jack was made an acting Commodore for the assignment), were downplayed, and Napoleon was thousands of miles away. One got the impression that the French and British fleets were sort of killing time, fighting from force of habit. A potboiler, in narrative and purpose. Don't bother."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can only say; be careful, because you won't be able to read very many other authors after reading Mr. O'Brian's work. I purchased and, in disgust, discarded several books immediately after reading this series; and did that each time I re-read the series. I will unashamedly admit I have read the Aubrey and Maturin series at least 10 times, and am looking forward to reading it yet again. So much of the drivel out there on the Bestseller shelf is written so that a person with the reading comprehension skills of a 9th grader can understand it (and let's face it, that's probably 80% of the folks in America), but that is not the case with these books.I, as you can probably tell, absolutely love this series."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the BEST THANKSGIVING special around...and I am not just saying that because I am the RANKIN/BASS Historian.  The sound on this VHS is magnificent and it should be on DVD!  I have the original GAS LP Soundtrack on CD.  MAURY LAWS and JULES BASS did a wonderful job with the score.  ELBOW ROOM, sung by TENN. ERNIE FORD was part of the RANKIN/BASS off-Broadway play A MONTH OF SUNDAYS, before it was put to GREAT use in this special!  A GREAT Special!  E-mail me with any questions:  Rickgoldsc@aol.com"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Okay, Woodstock is supposed to be about peace love and unity. This video proves &quot;peace love and unity&quot; as &quot;hate gangs and destroying&quot;. They should have had some more positive bands like 311.  I.C.P. should NOT have been there!  They REALLY made me mad when they sang  &quot;F**k The World&quot;. Other than that, the video was okay. They could  have put some better songs from the bands though. Especially from Godsmack,  Lit, and Metallica. Basically, the video was not bad."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Honestly, all individuals are born different from the other. In G3's situation the 3 of them have their own distinctive feeling & style in playing that would obviously lift you up from your seats and scream out loud the word \"Yeah\". That is why I would not and could not classify who is ranking no.1, 2, or 3 among them. Unless, if your head is inflated with fowl air then approach me and I'm 100% willing to deflate your pathetic medical case and grant you guarantees of cure comprise of \"Love & Respect\". Buy this Dvd because your in for a special treat."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the first time I ever saw these three guys playing guitar. Satriani, Johnson and Vai. Each of them play 3 songs, and at the end they all unite and play together 3 more songs. This DVD is killer. The quality of the sound is just so good that you think you're listening to the CD. I sometimes turn on my surround sound and play this DVD and makes me think WOW! This is a must for any serious fan, or for anyone who loves guitar music. If I could give it a 10 stars, I'd give 10."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you are not an instrumental rock'n roll fan and your blood doesn't boil with some extreme overdrive and other guitar effects, this is not for you. If you are a rock guitar player, this is a must-have. Satriani and Vai, as the backbone of the G3 extravaganza, deliver some of their famous songs with the usual energy and virtuosity. Eric Johnson, I have to say, has a very different personality, melodic approach, and technique from Vai and Satriani, but I think this contrast makes the first edition of G3 a unique jewel that you don't want to miss. Additional material in the DVD is OK. It could be a lot better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "So lets start of by saying I could only see Satch live in Buenos Aires Argentina, and I was like there is such a difference between live and studio that its just amazing. My favorite artist here is Steve, so what can I say bout this guys that hasn't been said.  Firstly, the song selection from these artists isn't all that great, think Steve could have chosen some better songs from the Passion and Warfare album.  Two of these songs come from that album, although I would have loved to listen ANIMAL and EROTIC NIGHTMARES which are two of Vai's greatest songs for my taste.  This DVD is kind of short, they could have included one more song for each artist.  It's about 75 minutes long. Though regarding quality its very good, I definately was left wanting more.  Anyway the price is excellent so I suggest you buy it anyway, a must own DVD for any fan.  Worth it for the price!!! is my final comment."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Though Joe Satriani starts of well the first thing that all this guitaring and shredding makes you do is turn the volume down. By the time Steve Vai goes on stage you've already had enough. I also somehow liked the sound of the Stratocaster more than the Ibanezes. It had a melodic touch to it. Inspite of this the virtuosity of the guitarists can never be undervalued. Great for students of the guitar but for the avid guitar listener it can become very tiresome. Eric Johnson's group where the drummer had a better role to play was also refreshing to watch and listen instead of having to focus all the time on the guitarists as in the performances of Joe Satriani and Steve Vai. Three stars for Eric's performance and the versatility of Satriani and Vai."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a GREAT DVD.  He truly was an amazing artist.  This show covers what a typical show was like.I got to see Jeff twice on his 1995 tour.  Both performances were in the same day...an acoustic set at a local record store and live.  I had only heard &quot;So Real&quot; and wanted to see him play.  I went to the acoustic show and was amazed and blown away.  I had to see him that night.  I told friends the next week on what a great show it was. A few people borrowed my copy of Grace and they had to go out and buy their own cd."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "To anyone who, like me, only really began to appreciate Buckley's amazing songwriting and delivery after his untimely death, this DVD holds the rare look at the man in the very intimate setting of the Metro in Chicago.  The  concert was orignally taped for a local Chicago music program, giving it a  very intimate quality.  The ENTIRE show is here, all the banter between  songs, the calls from the crowd.  The DVD is excellent, two seperate sound  mixes, regular CD quality PCM and a remixed Dolby Surround 5.1 mix.  Two  bonus acoustic songs and a press kit round out the DVD - worth every penny."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Jeff Buckley left this planet too early, and what remains of his work still lovingly haunts and mesmerizes fans. &quot;Live In Chicago&quot; is priceless, capturing the essence of Buckley's live shows.Anyone who was fortunate enough to catch a Buckley show while he was alive will tell you that it is an unbelievable experience. This video captures the show in it's entirety, including Buckley's between-song humor.Highlights? Impossible to narrow down. Really. The bonus features on this disc are great collector's pieces - 2 rare acoustic performances from a cable access show, and an electronic press kit are included.No extra hype here - no fluff. Just a straight-up Buckley show in all it's beauty, untouched and as real as it gets. If you are a Buckley fan, this should be number one on your wish list."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been waiting anxiously for this DVD to come out for a very long time, and was not let down by it at all.  From the amazing full concert footage, to the haunting Grace Electronic Press Kit, this DVD is a must  have for all Buckley fans.  We get to see a glimpse of Jeff in an intimate  club setting and it's really nice to have captured that moment and to be  able to go back to it, and be amazed over and over.  It is truly a sad and  beautiful thing all at once.  I urge all music lovers to give Jeff Buckley  a listen, and try not to be impressed.  The only thing that I would have  also included, would have been all of Jeff's videos.  Other than that, this  is perfect.  Thanks Mary, for leaving the light on."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow, this is a concert experience unlike any other.  I am a die hard Jeff fan, and still to this day think Grace is one of the best albums ever made.  This concert, even if you dont know Jeff, is an experience within itself.  There are even more beautiful haunting dark vocal slides on this album, and if you thought that the album version of Hallelujiah was great, try this one!  I reccomend this DVD to anyone- words can not express how great it is.  I was disappointed though that the DVD didnt get that great of treatment- although it has some bonus stuff it doesnt have any booklet insert or anything.  otherwise its a great buy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been familiar with Herbert von Karajan and the singers on this DVD for a long time before finally seeing them in action, and I must say, not one of them failed to impress, and each one of them is just as amazing as I had always expected.  This is absolutely one of the greatest productions of Don Giovanni, which just happens to be my favorite opera, in this whole world.  Von Karajan seems to be still at the peak of his power with the baton, and I just cannot say enough great things about the cast, especially Anna Tomowa-Sintow, Samuel Ramey, Julia Varady, and Kathleen Battle. This is a must-have in the collection of any opera/Don Giovanni lover!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "We love this video. I love that it teachs my kids about babies, dogs, and farms. All three shows on this video are done very well. And I really can't say that with all Elmo's world shows. This video opens the way to talk to young kids about babies, dogs and farms. Which is great. I'm a home daycare provider. Over the yrs I have collected over 100 kids videos. Elmo's World - Babies, Dogs & More! seems to entertain my daycare kids ages 14 months to 5 yrs greatly. I'd say it's in the top 20 favorite videos of my daycare kids."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Elmo is so entrancing, I have no idea how he does it, but when this DVD is on, my daughter can't help but stare at the TV and talk to Elmo (even at only 6 months old!) This episode of Elmo's World is particularly cute because he explores the world of adorable babies-humans and animals.  Something about babies makes other babies want to watch.  Thanks to Elmo, I get some much needed \"Me time\"...Although this DVD gets old for me some days, it's worth it because my daughter is glued to it and just can't seem to get enough of this fuzzy little monster and his cute little friends!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My son received this for his second birthday back in October of 2004 and it has become one of his most favorite DVDs to watch and is one of the 15 or so in his regular viewing rotation.  Kids love watching videos with babies and dogs in them and that's the theme of this DVD.  Elmo learns about what babies eat, how they behave and the joy they bring to their families.Then Elmo learns about dogs and how to feed and take care of them.  Mr. Noodle is along as he does one of his usual silly routines as he walks a pretend dog much to Elmo's and kids delight.The last part of the DVD deals with farms as Old Macdonald joins the fun teaching Elmo all about life on a farm.  Elmo learns about taking care of farm animals and growing vegetables.  This was a fun and educational DVD for kids from toddler all the way through early elementary school, done with the usual Elmo flair, songs and silliness.  A classic!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Elmo does it again -- steals the show as a dusty but lovable little monster \"Cinderelmo\" who toils with housework while his evil step mom and step brothers get ready for the Princess Birthday Ball.  The music is infectious, the characters all play memorable parts, the guest actors are WONDERFUL in their roles as Fairy Godfather (Oliver Platt), The Evil StepMom (Kathy Najimy) and Princess (Keri Russell).  I play this movie several times per week for our two year old because she just adores watching the scenery and singing along with all the catchy and original songs.  This is a must have for any Elmo Fan!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This movie couldn't make up it's mind if it wanted to be a sex comedy  along the lines of AMERICAN PIE or a romantic comedy akin to SHE'S ALL  THAT.  It had the potential to be good whichever way it went, but it never  lived up to it in either one.  The sex jokes were uninspired and the  situations felt awkward and forced.  The romance wasn't really emphasized  and just not done very well, I felt.  Normally, you're rooting for the boy  to get the girl, but, in this film, I didn't really care.  I felt nothing  for the characters; I didn't even find myself rooting against the  &quot;villain&quot;.  Be it the writer's or the director's fault, it was  just very badly done.  The acting was decent and the dialogue was well  written, but the story development just left me feeling flat.  Disappointing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Whatever it Takes is my pick for the worst teen comedy ever made. Miles below She's All That Never Been Kissed and American Pie and yes even worse than Can't Hardly Wait and the horrifying Melissa Joan Hart disaster You Drive me Crazy, Whatever it takes is boring an inept from start to finish. 2 guys join forces to help eachother get the girl of their dreams. 1 girl is the jock guy's cousin. The other girl is the best friend of the nice guy. It rips off a little Cyrano and a little She's all that. Complete with the cliched prom scene climax and the twist ending that you can predict from the first 5 minutes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Whatever It Takes is an adorable teen movie. It tells the story of Ryan (Shane), an unpopular kid in high school, who falls in love with Ashley (Jodi Lyn), Miss Popularity. He needs help getting Ashley to notice him, so in comes Chris (James), Ashley's cousin who is also very popular. Chris wants to date Ryan's best friend Maggie (Marla). He convinces Ryan that he has good intentions for wanting Maggie and that in the end, they will both have their dream girls, so Ryan agrees to the plan.Unfortunately, Ryan doesn't realize until it is too late that he's totally mismatched with his dream girl and that Chris is a total jerk.The cast is absolutely amazing, and they do a wonderful job. This is one of the best teen movies I've seen in a while.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to see a good romantic comedy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This movie is the most predictible film I have ever seen, In the first 30 seconds you can guess how it will end... But does it matter! it's a light hearted teen flick that will guarentee to leave you with a laugh and a bit of a warm tingly feeling too! Shane West (Get over it) and Marla sokoloff (Dude where's my car) give great performances and are joined by formed SNL cast members Julia Sweeney (Pat) and David Koechner. The best part is this special collectors edition DVD features deleted scenes a behind the scenes featurette and commentary by cast members and directors... what are you waiting for check it out and spread the word of Virgil doolittle!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "At this time, we all should know what a teen movie is.That predictable pink and stupid piece of...art.But, Hey!, i'm not saying all teen movies are bad, but this one it is.High School, Ryan(Shane West) is in love with the most popular girl, called Ashley.Her boyfriend(Chris)is in love with Shane's best friend, Maggie(Marla Sokoloff).So they help each other to get what they want, whatever it takes.The acting is good, specially by Shane West.They all do good the stupid high school kid rol.This movie has some funny moments, like the Titanic parody in the schooll prom.Or the girls locker room, and some more.But what i didn't like was MARLA.She's so bad acting and her character was so stupid, I mean, who is like her in real life.Sorry, didn't mean to offen you.Well, let's wait for the next teen movie and let's see the differences, hope to be better than this one."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I first saw the trailer to this film, I honestly wasn't impressed. It just looked like another pointless teen film (like &quot;She's All That&quot;). When I rented this film I wasn't expecting much. And when I watched it for my first time, I didn't get much. HOWEVER.. when I watched it again (a day later), I realized that this really is a great film. So what I'm saying here is, be optimistic about this film, or you may not enjoy it.Anyway.. in my opinion, this is a great teen flick!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There will never be a winner in the Flantley vs Dunne debate, which is perhaps appropriate, as the true star of the show is the music and dance, ably assisted by Colin Dunne, Jean Butler, Katie McMahon, et al.  The sheer  power of this production is overwhelming.  Even those who are not  afficianados of the dance will be enthralled by the pounding rhythms and  dizzying movements of the dancers.  The joy of Riverdance is apparent in  the interplay between the performers, masterfully captured in this video.  When the dancers are enjoying themselves, the audience feeds on the  enthusiasm, and a performance becomes a memorable event.  Riverdance - Live  from New York City is just such an occasion.  If I ever find a time  machine, I'm going back to catch the premier!  What a show!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Great music, great dancing, great story -- in short, sensational. Riverdance is STILL in a worldwide tour, years after Michael Flatley left. The hypnotic dancing moves, the romantic sweep and the Celtic rhythms are truly mesmerizing. In the past couple of years it has become hip to slam Riverdance, but that is only because of its stratospheric popularity. Riverdance is exhilarating entertainment that lifts you up and leaves you with simple joy in life itself.I can't think of anything we need more given the events of the past month.Peace."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Our 4-year old enjoyed it, with a little explanation in order about Miss Clavel's habit, and about the motives of the kidnappers.A very nice extra on the DVD is an old 1952 animated short based closely on the original Bemelmans book, with the text and cartoon style nearly identical. Amusingly, Miss Clavel is therein depicted as a sort of governess, rather than as a nun; perhaps a sign of the times, or maybe the cartoon's producers were not Catholic?I thought Hatty Jones did great in the title role -- wonder what ever happened to her?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is heartening to know that people are still making films of this type. This is in the style of Happiest Days Of Their Lives or the St.Trinians films, but with younger girls. It therefore ditches any sort of sexuality in favour of a rather charming innocence. Even the teacher is a nun, rather than an Alistair Sim type. Having said that, these girls are no Von-Trapp angels. Director Daisy Von Scherler Meyer avoids the pitfall of casting precocious showbiz children and choses (mainly) sweet little girls who can act. The main plot about the girls trying to keep their school from being sold by crusty old aristocrat Nigel Hawthorne is spiced up with a kidnap caper which stops things wearing thin. On the whole, a good one to watch with younger children."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was hoping this would be a decent video about potty training.  It jumps around too much from character to character and from process to process.  Addresses washing hands before it addresses using the potty which it called a toilet and let's face it few kids / parents call it a toilet so that is another thing that irritated me.  I have always hated that shadow chick, and she is really annoying in this series.  And the \"potty time\" song with silloute stick figures is just plain stupid.  There was only one redeeming scene in the actual bathroom with the little brown bear, but the rest of this was total [...].  It is going in the next yard sale."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bear and his friends sing and dance to introduce the concept of going to the toilet (or potty).  They tell how to know you need to go, and explain that sometimes there are accidents, but that it is worth it to wear underwear instead of diapers.  There are some real children who talk about how they love going to the toilet.  And a very strange shadow puppet rap showing that people all over the world go to the toilet.  Don't know about results yet, but at least it is an entertaining video."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "***** 4.5 stars *****I bought this Carole King video having been completely captivated by the CD release. It's amazing to see that the whole recording was done in \"real\" time, as there were no overdubs or retakes (seemingly, anyway).  The vocals and the musicianship are totally top-notch.So, what made me buy the film was the Brill Building medley that was not included on the CD release.  For some reason, I got it in my head that a film with footage of King and Gerry Goffin in their halycon songwriting days would be superimposed over the vocals.  It wasn't, and I was disappointed I had the wrong idea about the video.  Also, King's version of her excellent song \"One Fine Day,\" as represented here, is a brief, one-verse take, over before you know it.Minor quibbles in an otherwise brilliant concert.  King was at the peak of her form here, and it shows."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you haven't heard any of Carole's music since Tapestry, hold on to your hat.  Her style has evolved, but not unrecognizably so.  And her wonderful voice and talent are the same.The Dolby Digital 5.1 audio quality is quite good.  The visual quality is high  enough to watch at a widescreen setting with only a tiny loss of sharpness.  Each song is a chapter, so you can easily go to a particular song.  My  only criticism is that the dvd is very dark in places.  I would have preferred softer lighting  on the stage with fewer spotlights and shadows.I loved seeing Carole at the piano for several songs during this concert. That's  the Carole that I remember.  But how fun it is to see Carole facing the audience, singing, dancing, and inviting them to join in on a chorus of one of the old  favorites.  This is a must-see for any Carole King fan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you want to really treat yourself to something wonderful, check out this DVD of Carole King, who may be the best female entertainer of all.She has always been great, and I think with a few years on her, she's even better.But I was just totally beguiled by one of her guest musicians - Slash - from Guns 'N Roses.  I had never heard him before, but I don't think I've ever heard a more fantastic guitarist.The talent that these people, at this level, possess is absolutely mesmerizing.I guess there's no limit to the incredible talent some people have, but what's all the more mysterious is how some entertainers, who shall be unnamed, manage to make millions of dollars with no discernible talent whatsoever.However, that's not the case here.  Everybody on this DVD is a pro, and you will be duly impressed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was shocked to see Tchaikovsky's classic danced exclusively by males.  One reviewer felt that the result was a \"human\"-- not merely  \"romantic\"-- ballet.  I saw it as a travesty of Swan Lake.  We all know that gays have contributed much to ballet, but Nureyev danced with Fonteyn in the pas de deux from Le Corsaire.  A gay agenda should not trump artistic integrity.  The superb pas de deux by Yulia Makhalina and Igor Zelensky in the other selection from Swan Lake did not remove the bad taste left by Adam Cooper and Scott Ambler."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "But if you want thrilling early Verdi with all his flaws and with all his genius stop right here. I wonder if you could cast this opera today. Certainly not as well as this 1984 La Scala production. It is good to see Carreras, the 3rd tenor, at work. And Dhimitrova is at her straight out best. The production also deserves a word of praise. A full traditional production with real grandeur. The sound is a little thumpy but that's its age. All in all a welcome addition to the galley years of the Verdi canon."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This \"Fancuilla\" is a bit of a mixed bag, an old-fashioned, no frills production, conducted and directed moderately well. Neblett, singing a signature role, is a bit melodramatic at times, and hits some of her high notes by force of sheer will. A not particularly pretty sound. Domingo, on the other hand, is magnificent. Dashing in appearance, passionate and sexy, he sings gloriously throughout. The DVD's overall sound is not all that good -- it was filmed, after all, way before the digital age. That said, I'm enjoying it very much, and can see myself happily pulling it out whenever I need a comforting Puccini/Domingo fix. This is a favorite opera of mine, and I'm not at all unhappy with the purchase."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Puccini's La Fanciulla Del West must have a great cast, in order to bring out the depth of characterizations and musical values, as prescribed by Puccini and his librettist. Placido Domingo and Carol Neblett shine in this production from the Royal Opera. The rest of the cast are all well- suited to their roles. Maestro Santi has a reputation for being a formidable Italian conductor! The production is great. I'm spoiled by today's High-Definition format, so my only reservation is the picture quality. This production is from a number of years ago. All in all,this is a good product and should be in any operaficionado's collection!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Overall I loved this performance, especially the performances of Domingo and Neblett.  Yes, she may have been overtaxed in the role at times, but for me the chemistry between the two of them was wonderful.  He with a soft edged machismo and she as the tough woman in the wild west but with an obvious feminine side.  I found both the characters very believable.  Carolli was acceptable but not great.  Wish it had been Milnes as in the recording on the DGG CD.  The production values are good but the age of this recording shows.  It definitely does not have the sharpness of more modern recordings.  I've not seen the La Scala DVD mentioned here but I've heard it on CD and while Domingo is as good as always, I find Zampieri's voice just plain ugly."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Girl of the Golden West is almost funny in its use of a Western (as in USA) as an operatic vehicle.  The real strength of this production is that looks like a western and the men and Minnie, the important female, look like characters from a western. The sets are excellent.  The acting was also good.  However with the exception of the male lead, Ramirez (alias Dick Johnson), played by Placido Domingo, the singing is extremely wobbly and, in the case of Minnie, the singing was so inaccurate that I could not even imagine what the musical intent was.La Fanciulla. . . is a good opera that anyone could enjoy.  You should not buy this version when an musically excellent La Scala production is available on both DVD and VHS."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fanciulla should be lively....rugged men, perky young gal.... but Neblett acts like a 40 year old school marm and is not helped by the ponderously slow tempi.  This ain't Wagner!!  Phrases that should bounce and sparkle are more like dirges.  Domingo is ordinary as usual, but sings a bit better here than in the Met production.  I usually like Carolli, but not so much here.......rather stiff and one dimensional.So why did I give 4 stars.........the sets and costumes are fantastic.  Altho Minnie's cabin has elaborate china and stuff you would never expect in a wilderness cabin."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have nothing to add to the reviews of those who have found this a superlative, moving 'gesamtkunstwerk'.  All four soloists are excellent, as is the orchestra and dramatic interpretation of what is, after all, an oratorio.I have just found out that Lorraine Hunt Lieberson died of cancer on July 3, 2006.  A life all too short!  Her performance in this production shows just what was lost with her passing.  This is yet another reason to obtain it and witness for yourselves."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Handel, when asked towards the end of his life what he thought his greatest work was, replied \"Theodora\". It's his next-to-last oratorio, and it is of such transcendant beauty that words fail to describe it. Everything that can be said about this performance has already been said better by others, so I won't even try. Peter Sellar's direction may not be to everyone's taste, but he had the vision to turn this English \"Oratorio\" into a viable stage piece, crucially giving Lorraine Hunt the opportunity to give her greatest dramatic performance. She's the star of this show, even if everyone else surpasses themselves as well. A sublime, overwhelming recording of Handel's greatest work. Not to be missed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "All the reviews I read about this Opera DVD were right - this is a superb DVD in every respect.  I had not heard or seen this opera before and consider this a real gem. There are arias in here that are completely sublime and sung with such meaning and depth by Upshaw and Hunt that they transported me to another realm.  David Daniels is marvelous - one of his first major roles and a foretaste of what was to come as his voice matured.  There are many songs sung by the chorus and they are wonderful musically, and Sellers has choreographed them in a stylized and meaningful way. All in all a fabulous production - no weak singers or actors, and powerful in its modern setting. Buy it!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Handel's late oratorio is giving a magnificent reading in this modern staging, taped at the 1996 Glyndebourne Festival.  Baroque specialist William Christie leads the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and a group of spectacularly talented principals who bring great sensitivity and drama to some of Handel's most achingly-beautiful music.  Daniels, Upshaw, Croft and Hunt all sing ravishingly (pay special attention to Croft's wonderful first act aria).  The Glyndebourne Chorus is spectacular, and gives wonderful treatment to the great choral sections.  Avante-garde director Peter Sellars gives the piece a modern treatment that holds interest, if not providing any revelatory moments.  Technical aspects are superb.  Highly recommended for the Handel completist, and a great introduction to this beautiful score (considered to be Handel's personal favorite)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a far better interpretation than the older Bolshoi performance that was recorded in the 1970s on murky Russian film stock.  The choreography and dancing in that version were dull to say the very least - cinematography and editing uninspired and choppy, respectively. It was also half an hour shorter than this performance.This newer version with the Australian Ballet is superbly choreographed and strongly danced.  It is perhaps the most virile ballet performance every captured on film or videotape. This is a videotaped performance and is overwhelmingly powerful and passionate.  The male dancers are all quite strikingly handsome and every movement is devoid of the \"elegance\" and effeminacy in the earlier Bolshoi performance.  This is rugged, but in its sheer masculinity, it is a tribute to the beauty of the male body in movement.This screams to be converted to DVD before the VHS goes out of print."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Peter Lorre is the psychopathic child murderer who turns a whole German city upside down trying to track him down. The underworld gets in on the chase after the police, in doing their job so thoroughly, harass them so much they can't conduct business as usual (pretty funny when you think about it). Thus we have a race between the cops and the crooks to see who'll find Lorre first. The crooks win after getting a tip from a blind balloon seller (the blind leading the blind?).Any other director might have been satisfied with this ironic satire, but Fritz Lang goes after more: Lorre is what really interests him, the workings of a psychotic killer, the uncontrollable drives, the fear, the guilt. And Lorre, sweating profusely, eyes bulging, makes us feel what it must be like to be trapped in who he is. That is what makes this film so memorable. A great movie. Definitely worth a watch."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Peter Lorre is great  as the man who kills children.  M is an excellent film.  A man is killing children and the police are going after everybody with a record, so the criminals band together to find the killer to get the police off their backs. How these desperate characters work together makes a very compelling and suspenseful story.  Directed by Fritz Lang, who also directed the Sifi masterpiece metropolis, does a great job on his first talkie. Shortly after making this film Peter Lorre fled Germany and Fritz Lang followed shortly there after as both men were Jews.  I would highly recommend this movie.  It is in German with English subtitles, and after a while you don't mind reading them."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is what every filmmaker should try to produce.This film is difficult to rival.  It was and still is an influential movie that discussed reality with realism and never shied away from continual controversy.  One of the first films about a serial killer, with details ripped from the headlines and extras ripped from the streets.Peter Lorre is a genius in this film.  Even though you know everything, he still manages to illicit some sympathy from viewers.  Lang is excellent at creating a story that draws in his audience and captivates.This movie also solidified Edvard Grieg's \"In the Hall of the Mountain King\" as a terrifying piece of music.Although made in 1931, this film looks and feels well beyond its time.  This new edition of this film will ensure its legacy to continue well beyond as a masterpiece!Highly recommend for anyone, especially those who consider themselves cinema connoisseurs."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"M\" was a pioneering effort when Fritz Lang directed it, a lifetime ago, and it's still well worth watching. But 72 years later, it's lost a bit of its edge. Peter Lorre was primarily a stage actor at the time he appeared in \"M\" and by today's standards  his performance in the famous \"underground trial\" scene verges on scenery-chewing. And while the print used to produce Criterion Collection DVD is mostly clear, the subtitles [are bad] ... sentences are broken in odd places, and often several characters' lines appear all together, before an exchange is half over.  If you've never seen this movie, and you have any serious interest in the development of the art form, you definitely ought to see it. But don't expect edge-of-your-seat tension throughout!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film left me numb. The final scenes hit me with a power I had never before experienced. Peter Lorre plays a child murderer (immaculately, I must add) being pursued, throughout the course of the film, by not only the police, but the underground crime syndicate as well. Lang's use of the newfound sound technology is absolutely brilliant, as is his visual style. The opening scene shows shots of empty alleys, stairwells, and a lost balloon stuck in power lines over the sound of a mother calling for her child, instead of showing the actual killing itself. And its worth seeing for that alone."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fritz Lang's first sound film is a masterpiece of dread and suspense. Hans appears almost like the children he victimizes, soft and weak, and his fear of exposure almost makes us pity him. You can't conceive of anyone but Lorre pulling off this tricky characterization.  Lang creates a Berlin whose layout seems designed to expose the molester, a city of shadows, blind alleys, and a million unseen, unsparing eyes. Seventy five years after its release, this film retains its shock value. Along with \"Metropolis\", an early pinnacle for director Lang."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "M is an essential film. But this DVD was a little disappointing, I felt. The picture and sound were better than other versions I've seen, but still not as pristine as I would have liked. Special features were so-so. Price was as high as Criterion usually likes it. All in all, I've seen better adaptations of similarly legendary films to DVD.But if you are at all interested in the great films of the past, this is a must-have, and Criterion MUST be kept in business at all costs (wince). So this is a good buy overall."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Perhaps the very first serial killer film ever made--way back in l931!Although, as far as directors go, I preffer the works of Claude Chabrol (especially Chabrol's The Butcher, over Lang's M), Lang's M holds up pretty damn well.What you really get here is three films in one: first third feels like a serial killer film, middle third feels like a police procedural, and the last third feels like a crime caper flick.For me, the first and last third worked exceptionally well. Peter Lorre convincing in the title role. Middle part (with the cops doing what cops do) lagged and felt drawn out, only because we have seen so many scenes like this over the years in other films of this nature.Friedkin interviews Lang in the two-disk package."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a chilling film about a child murderer who terrifies a Berlin neighborhood.  The police seem to focus on the lowly criminals and prostitutes in the area and seem more interested in making a show of the hunt at least in the beginning.  The community members are terrified and numb at first then become activist in hunting for the killer.  Police eventually bring in skilled investigators who come close to catching the killer.  The people use a blind possible witness for better effect.  What happens to the killer, who captures him and his explanation form the essential thought provoking finale.  Capital punishment, evil deeds and uncontrollable compulsions are discussed and become part of the story.  The psychological background of the killer, the police and the community were ground breaking at the time.  The DVD comes with a story booklet, several interesting documentaries and quite a lot of information on Fritz Lang and German film-making at the time.  I found all very interesting.  Loved them."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ok... in my book, you can't miss any film that has the great Peter Lorre in a key role. While this film was most likely intended to make a statement about society, it translates nicely as a finely crafted story of a manhunt for a despicable murderer of children.The Criterion dvd features a very nice print, and considering this is in the early day of sound film, maintains a clean soundtrack.Like the best of post WWI German films, M makes people look at themselves and question the power that leads, or misleads. The gray area is surprisingly broad when presented in such a skilled way. This film merits re-watching as the arguement proposed in M leaves further questions, rather than answers.The sharp editing and stark imagery make the technical execution of this film a classic and paints society itself as ugly as its own nightmares."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an astounding film. Peter Lorre gives a hauntingly brilliant performance as the twisted, yet sympathetic serial killer loosely based on real-life serial killers of the time (Fritz Haarman &amp; Peter Kurten). A serial killer is on the loose preying on little children. The police can't figure out who it is. The criminals who are sickened by the news decide to band together to track down the killer. Fritz lang does a brilliant job conveying the sheer terror that gripped the town as a monster roams the streets killing innocent children. A classic that deserves mentioning as one of the greatest achievements in cinema history."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This review is for the Criterion Collection (1st edition) of the film.This movie is Fritz Lang's first &quot;talkie&quot; and an excellent film about a serial child murderer. The police are so obsessed with catching him and are everywhere. This prevents the other criminals like pickpocketers and burgalrs from doing their criminal activity so they team up and enlist the help of beggars and the &quot;underworld&quot; to find and apprehend the murderer.This Criterion DVD, now temoraraily out of print, has bad picture quality but still is a good film.Later this year the DVD will be rereleased with far better picture quality and special features which this version does not have. This edition has no special features of any kind. I will put up a new review when the new version is released."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "spoilers.This is a great story of an entire city going crazy with fear over a child killer, played well by Peter Lorre, and in the end, a group of vigilantes tries to dispense justice in their own fashion.It's fascinating to watch the accused insist on his own dark compulsion and claim that he does not remember committing the murders.  Apparently the insanity plea goes back a long way.He even begs to get the police involved so that he can at least get a fair trial, which the criminals were not willing to give him.There is certainly some over-emoting on the part of the actors, but this was quite common in the early days of talkies, when people were still in the habit of exaggerating everything for silent film work.Good stuff!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles the (1990) Original film!! Damn I Love this movie!! and never get bored of it!! this movie came out when i was born, and i didn't see it till i was 6 and fell in love with it instantly, call it Love at first sight but damn this movie was action packed! Hilarious!! and Awesome!! I'm 22 now and still have a kick azz time with this film, a very cool movie and for it's time back then it's a huge success. So for any new kid wondering if it's worth watching, it is!! It's time to kick butt with turtles and enjoy pizza!!!! Cowabunga dude's!!!!! Go ninja! go ninja! GO!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I watched this over and over with my son when he was little. Now I have a little granddaughter and she loves it too. This is a very fun movie. Karate kicking, pizza eating turtle boys are probably not the best influence but they are sweet (even Raf in his way) and well intentioned with a strong sense of right and wrong. Shredder is scary and bad but try to find a movie without an antagonist. And at the end of the day parents are a far bigger influence than any movie is ever gonna be."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Thats what discribes this movie. This is one of the best movies out there. It has a good cast and the costumes are awesome. To bad they didn't do that with the hulk. The costumes make the turtles & Splinter more life like. This is ttruely an awesome movie. I love this movie. The only thing wrong with it is that they didn't stay true to the Origin of the TMNT. But it is still an awesome movie i recomend it.If you like this movie Check out,1. TMNT 2: The Secret Of The ooze2. TMNT 33. TMNT The orginal soundtrack to the movie"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "They just don't make movies (especially ones for children) like this anymore. I saw this in theaters fifteen years ago, and I loved it. I proudly paid only $5.00 for this during Wal-Mart's video liquidation sale last year. I've owned Turtles II and the sub-par III for ten years, but I never did have my favourite first one on tape until now. As for the DVD release: don't bother. DVDs scrath just as badly as CDs, and there's nothing that can protect you collection from careless younger siblings intent on taking your fragile CD and DVD collection. Plus, the street market allows you to find (on VHS) extra-violent fight scenes that originally earned the first Turtles movie a PG-13 rating. If you want information on this workprint you're missing out on, go to [...]"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to say i give the crew behind TMNT a lot of credit, dealing with the low budget they had, and able to create the wonderful costumes for the turtles. I'm not good with the names of the people in the costumes but i have to say, they are truly talented in the 3 movies in this series. This movie does seem to slow down in the middle of it, but the fight scenes are amazing. A lot of great directed shots by Steve Barron, this is probably one of his best. With the low budget they had, they were limited on set design, which is noticeable, do to the fact, that some of the shots are actually from New York, and the house that they are in after there first encounter with The Foot is a real house. As we can all tell, the costumes probably took a great deal of percentage out of the 13 million dollar budget. But overall, this movie is just plain fun, and great adventure."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The comic book and cartoon heroes come to life.Back when this movie first came out I was like 5 or 6,so I loved the Ninja Turtles from watching the cartoon and having the action figures.The movie is still enjoyable,even though I am now 19.The characters were develped very well,and the movie does a good job introducing the story of how the turtles came what they are.Besides the turtles and splinter,there is also Casey Jones and the Shredder of course.The movie is dark,made where it can be appealing to adults as well as children.The DVD version of the film is pretty cool!The picture in nice quality,not grainy,and you have your choice of viewing it full screen or wide screen.The sound quality is pretty good too.A real bargain and a real treat for Turtle fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of those movies that I think has just been misstreaded when beeing put on DVD. The movie is great, but there are no bonus materials :(Ever since the film came out, we always wondered where that scene was that shows up on the trailer? a scene where the turtles are in the water, and there shells pop up... so with this DVD i was hoping there would be deleted scenes to satasfy that curiosity? But sadly, there isnt even a featurette:(And i know they made featurettes, i remember clearly all those years ago a guy punching in things on a key bourd, and the robotic head of Raphial it was hooked into was moving the facial features around.... so where are those features???For this decent price, its ok. The sewer game is forgetable, might occupy you for a few minutes?! But i'm very disapointed that there is no bonus features with this great ninja comedy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, this movie is a classic. I feel very lucky to have grown up when the Ninja Turtles first became popular. This was back at a time when thought and care went into children's entertainment. Unlike the stuff kids are watching today. All of the characters in the Ninja Turtles series have distinct personalities and they're all lovable in their own way. If you loved this movie when you were a kid you'll still love it as an adult. Sure, the movie looks dated but it is far superior to the recent kids movies out there like &quot;Power Rangers.&quot;"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have always loved this movie.It was everything that the other Ninja Turtle movies were not.It was dark,and was a bit serious,but at the same time,there was humor in it.Both kids and adults could enjoy this movie.Although there is a few violent scenes(such as Shredder's death) that some parents might not want their kids watching...but that's up to the parents.Overall though,this is a really good enjoyable film.I thought the other Turtle movies were complete crap.I wish they would come out with a two disc special edition of this,with deleted scenes,commentary,and other cool stuff,because this is one of the greatest comic book movies of all time.Right up there with Tim Burton's Batman and The original Superman movie in my opinion."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Incredible.  If you have never seen Stomp live, then do it!  If that is impossible, then watch this video.  These masters of rhythm are awesome.  Whether they have a basketball, a broom, or a butcher knife in their hands, they create drama, energy and excitement through rhythm!  There are segments in this video that could not be performed live.  That is a bonus!  Also, the short documentary about &quot;Stomp&quot; is incredible!  My children love this as well.  Great for the whole family!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Parece que la extraviada (Traviata)realmente esta muy enferma al final ya que la escena esta incompleta. esto no deberia asombrarnos ya que Zeffirelli hizo algo peor con su Otello con su recortada aria del Sauce. Excepto este detalle no tan importante como el Otello, la pelicula es muy bella aunque para los puristas, entre los que me incluyo humildemente quizas por mi condicion de Profesor de Apreciacion Musical, encuentro en ella tal como note en la Carmen de Migenes y Domingo, ruidos innecesarios que en la presentacion en un teatro serian imperdonables; al fin y al cabo lo importante es la musica y no los extras caprichosos de Zeffirelli. A pesar de estos pequenos detalles la presentacion es maravillosa; las cuatro estrelas en vez de cinco obedecen a estas para algunos quizas necedades. Para mi repito, soy un purista y pienso en la intencion siempre del compositor. Recomiendo la version de Beverly Sills y ni se diga la de Angela Ghiorgiu, superiores excepto los tenores ya que Placido Domingo sigue siendo el mejor."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is now a classic.  You will be amazed by the exquisite setting.  Well, the acting is not exactly what you expect from a movie, but you have to remember that this is an opera not a movie.  The singers are expected to  hit the right note at the right time, so the acting is not their priority.  But having said that, it is far better than any the usual opera singer  acting!  The singing is excellent, but I would not say the best.  Just  remember that there are better recordings of this opera in the market.  But  none of them comes with this kind of visual spectacles.  In that sense, the  slight imperfection in the singing is more than fully compensated.  Domingo  looks a bit too old for his role in the picture, but even today he still  sings this role (in reality he is old enough to play the father of  Alfredo!)  You must see this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Only the film version of Carmen tops this breathtakingly beautiful and sumptuous production of La Traviata. During the overture we see Violetta towards the end of the opera, nearing her tragic death. She looks more like a phantasm, especially when seen next to her lovely portrait, painted when she was radiating beauty and health. Act one thus marks the start of Violetta reminiscing about how she and Alfredo fell in love. This is a most effective beginning, and as this is a film it gives us unique new insights into one of Verdi's most well-known and beloved operas. As such, it allows us to view the opera with new eyes, making us fall in love with it all over again. The singing and acting of Domingo and Stratas are outstanding, although that of Cornell Macneil is somewhat stiff. Aside from perhaps tradionalists who believe that opera can only be performed in the opera house, this film version is sure to please opera and non-opera fans alike."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I like this movie a lot because of the good performance and excellent photography.  Domingo's Alfredo is still good enough however, Stratas's Violetta is not good at all in Act I - her voice is quite annoying and it seems that she cannot adjust her breathing while she is singing - things become better when Germont shows up in Act II.  Sound quality is much better than that recorded in an opera house, so is the image quality.  It's a good choice for those who do not really enjoy opera (just like me) or who want to try something different."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As I understand it, this film was a revolution at the time, with Zeferelli opting for shooting as for a film rather than filming a stage production. As another commentator commented, the miming is not always perfect and lip movements and sung words don't always match. However, the sound of one of Verdi's greatest operas is wonderful and the soloists are great. Domingo is in his prime here, not only a splendid voice but also a great actor, and Teresa Stratas does an equally great job as Violetta. The production is gorgeous, a feast to the eye as well as the ear, and the party scene, with two stars of the Bolshoi Ballet in the starring dancing roles, is absolutely breathtaking (\"He really didn't do that, did he? Omigosh, he did it again!\"). A must for all lovers of opera."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This adaptation of Verdi's opera La Traviata is simply sumptuous and a lavish production. Never before than an opera is transformed into a beautiful film. Ms.Stratas and Mr. Domingo performed and sings with pure gusto and it is a sheer delight. Set designs and costumes are a credit to the production and director Zeffereli excels in his delivery of this opera and presents it as a movie experience. Music performed by The Metropolitan Opera orchestra conducted by James Levine and the music thoroughly shines all the way through.I truly enjoyed this film experience and enjoy the music and performance."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This animated featured, directed by Don Bluth, is an unforgettable treat for the entire family.  It follows the adventures of \"Fievel,\" a little boy mouse who journeys from Russia to America with his family, late in the 19th century, to seek a new life free of cat persecution.  (Some analogies are present here.)  During the storm boat trip, Fievel is lost at sea, and he finally washes up ashore in New York Harbor, where he vows to find his family.With the voices of Dom DeLuise, Madeline Kahn, Nehemiah Persoff, and Christopher Plummer, this story will warm your heart.  A highly recommended movie!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Brilliantly animated, warm and tender, this movie is one of the few greats that Bluth did before he started putting out trash. Unless you don't like animated movies and are more into snakes and spiders, you WILL fall in love  with Fievel. Tiger is also another hit. While not as lovable as Jeremy from  The Secret of Nimh, he's more lovable than Itchy from All Dogs Go to  Heaven. Some of the elements that get amplified in Bluth's more poorly  crafted movies show up in this movie, but they don't detract from the  quality of this altogether enjoyable film."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, i'm glad to see that i'm not the only not-kid (i'm 19) that still loves this movie and that cried when seeing it again...It's a great movie to see when you are a child, and a great movie to see through your life, until you could watch it with your own children.It's also an important movie: A friend of mine had a history teacher that said that this movie shows greatly the lives of the immigrants to America, so you'll also get a bit of history with it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow. This is one of those animated movies you won't soon forget. With a wonderful score by James Horner, great story, and admirable characters, this is right up there with Disney's best.Basic plot: Boy gets separated from his family on their way to America by boat and must find his way back to them. On his journey, he meets new friends and enemies in one grand adventure in New York. Oh, did I mention the main character and his family are mice? Watch it and enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fievel is a young Russian mouse separated from his parents on the way to America, a land they think is without cats. When he arrives alone in the New World, he keeps up hope, searching for his family, making new friends, and running and dodging the cats he thought he'd be rid off. An American Tail easily one of the best animated features ever made, but it proves to be leaps beyond the efforts of recent Disney movies by refusing to be constricted to an all too familiar formula. A heartwarming story, beautiful songs, great performances and the animation is stellar. This is an excellent movie for all ages that will warm your heart"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a really cute children's movie in this series. It's the next one after an American tail. In this one we find the mouseskewitz heading west taking a train hoping life will be better than in New York. On the way to the train station to head west to Green River Fievel falls off the train. Meanwhile Miss Kitty Tiger's love interest tells Tiger she's heading west as well. Tiger decides he's going to head west to follow them and he falls off the stage. Both Fievel and Tiger wind up in the desert and eventually meet up and the adventure goes on from there. It's an interesting story and it's full of adventure for the little ones. It is defintely worth getting."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a true and essential document that draws with absolute honesty the artistic path of this unforgettable ensamble. The work of edition is extremely intersting due includes some poems of Morrison that work out as introduction for the late song. You will watch to Morrison in high spirits more than once.The DVD is a compilation of several concerts, but also offers you interesting interviews where you can test the real approach of the whole band and evry one of his musicans. Robby Krieger, Ray Manzarek and Jim Morrison were basically the soul of this band.Interesting album that must be preserved for the future generations.Maybe I would have wished a deserved farewell to Morrison in his grave in Paris, but I guess sooner or later, this hearfelt rendition will be made."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is truly a good Doors DVD. You get all their music videos.The 1968 Hollywood Bowl performance. A newly found print of Unknown Soldier which is a very beautiful video. The colors in the video really stand and out. There is also commentary on the main program and other partsof this DVD recorded with the surviving members of The Doors and Bruce Botnick. Very interesting commentary for a die hard Doors fan. This DVD went out of print a few years ago. Once i found that out i was going to buy my copy here.I guess Elecktra found some more copies of this on DVD cause Sam's Club was selling it in the summer of 2009. I quickly grabbed up a copy. All i can say is the videos have good sound. I think you can play the music vids and other programs in 5.1 surround sound."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you are an avid Doors fan - get this DVD.  The narration by the remaining Doors members is very informative.  The new version of \"The End\" recorded in Arthur Barrow's studio(Lotek in Venice, Ca)is hypnotizing. If you want a behind the scenes update of \"The Doors\" - this is it.  I thought it was very interesting to see Ray Manzarek's apartment in Venice, Ca where they lived and Jim Morrison lived there with them for a while.  The films \"Evergreen\" and \"Induction\" that Ray put together while at UCLA was also intriguing. Too much great information, film, and music to list all here. Get it - you won't be sorry you did."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "While not totally comprehensive, there's a lot of material here to absorb and enjoy. After you watch the DVD, be sure to check out the band commentary as it's awesome; lots of fun anecdotes and insight. I enjoyed the bonus extras as well; re: Manzarek student films, memorabilia gallery w/commentary and photo shoot for Morrison's HotelI hate to encourage a further money grab, but it would be nice to have a comprehensive \"ultimate\" collection w/everything available on one edition; not just material here, but all of The Doors available video stuff on one release. New menus, get rid of some the bad editing/silhouettes from Soundstage (if that's possible), new material (there's got to be some) etc. DMC is probably planning something like this for the future."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The answer, of course, is no. A lot of time has been spent whining about the stuff on Hullabaloo that wasn't really rock and roll. Sure, safe acts, crooners and Vegas swingers ruled on the show - particularly as hosts - but it all works as a beautiful period piece. Rock and roll was only a decade old when these shows were filmed, and TV execs were fighting a losing battle to co-opt it. The purity of performances by the Animals, the Yardbitds and the Byrds show how uncontrollable the energy was. Anyone who grew up in the era will love this. And if you remember the actual show, you'll spend days wiping that grin off your face."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I only caught a few of these shows when they originally aired. Sure, they look dated but still are good representatives of music at the time. This one features Vikki Carr, the Animals, Frankie Avalon, Chuck Berry, the Byrds, Trini Lopez, the Cyrkle, Sammy Davis Jr, The Four Seasons, Martha and the Vandellas, Gary Lewis and the Playboys, Marvin Gaye, Lesley Gore, Herman's Hermits, the Mamas and the Papas, Barry McGuire, the Moody Blues, Paul Revere and the Raiders, Peter and Godon, Nancy Sinatra, Sonny and Cher, Dusty Springfield, the Supremes, Dionne Warwick.There are funny moments, such as Vikki Carr serenading Peter Noone of Herman's Hermits with one of his tunes, Noone and Freddy of Freddy and the Dreamers cracking up on a duet, and 2 guitarists from the Raiders pretending to play their instruments behind their heads (maybe they had seen fellow Northwest guitarist Jimi Hendrix do it for real)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I was a kid(ahem not too long ago) I watched the Bambi Movie and all the other Disney movies, when they came on \"The Wonderful World of Disney\" every Sunday night. Unfortunately back then there were no VCR's to purchase or record it from the tv- we had to sit there and watch the entire movie at one sitting and take bathroom breaks during the commercials-how lucky kids are nowadays to be able to have videos/dvds in their home library. I love the innocence of Bambi and his friends-I especially love FLOWER and THUMPER. The digitally remastered version is fantastic and a joy to watch. I recommend this highly for your home library."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bambi deserves this terrific two-disc platinum edition, and it's as wonderul as you'd come to expect if you've seen other Disney platinum edition DVDs.  I received this DVD set gratis from Disney and was widely held in high esteem in our household, as everyone is thrilled with the film and the special features.The movie itself has been restored and looks and sounds great, in full-screen mode on Disk One.Disk Two contains the special features, which are plentiful and quite well done.  These include a making-of featurette as well as a featurette about the restoration and the animation process, including a story board meeting with Walt himself; a \"time capsule\" for 1942, the year of Bambi's release; an animated short; deleted scenes; a virtual forest to wander through; a story about Thumper; a Disneypedia of the forest animals; a game and a personality quiz.Subtitles are available in English."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Designed in the Disney hay-day of great movies like \"Fantasia\" and \"Song of the South\" this shows what animation and great music was and could be now with a little effort.The story which is a little easer to take than the book chronicles the life of a young prince \"Bambi\" his friends and how he grew and matured.  He passes through many rights of passage and takes his place in the forest society.The down side of the story is the demise of Bambi's mother which though innovative for the time traumatized many children. To this day you hear it is a classic \"but I can not bring my self to watch it.\" How ever this presentation is more of a symphony based on the characters from the story in the Disney tradition.Many of the uncredited voices were of famous people; many of them were famous after this film was made.Lady and the Tramp (50th Anniversary Edition)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Although the animation is incredible.  In fact, Walt Disney's gorgeously drawn paean to Nature is one of the most beautiful animated films ever made.  And there are important Life lessons to be learned here as well, about love, loss, growth etc.  Kids weaned on \"The Incredibles\" and \"Finding Nemo,\" however, might be a bit bored.  There's no plot to speak of, the music is corny, the humor quaint.  Older kids in particular will probably want to switch to \"Spider-Man 2\" or their Nintendo.  To be honest, as an adult Disney fan I much prefer \"Pinocchio\" and \"Dumbo\" from this period, both of which have great humor, plot and lots and lots of heart. (And they're beautifully animated as well.) My humble opinion: \"Bambi\" is obviously an important and significant achievement in animation.  It's sweet, pretty to look at, but that's about all."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am very appreciative to Amazon.com, and Buena Vista Home Entertainment for sending my family and I this DVD (before it's public release March 1st).I have always loved this film. Bambi is a timeless treasure that I am glad I am able to share with my children.Made in 1942, the animation is flawless (my favorite scene is where it's raining, it's so perfect). The animators have truely captured the movement of each different type of animal that inspired the film. This is Disney at it's very best!Besides the wonderful animation, my children and I enjoy the humor. I love the owl talking to the older Bambi, Thumper, and Flower about all the animals being \"twitterpated\" in the Springtime; they all vow that it will never happen to them, but sure enough, one by one, they all fall victim to it.The flawless animation, the colorful imagery, cute, memorable characters, humor. Bambi is a true gem; a timeless treasure. A priceless Masterpiece."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I didn't see Bambi in the theaters until I was in college and I remember being blown away by the animation in it.  This restoration has renewed my admiration for the animators who worked on this film.  The animation looks almost 3-D in it's use of the multiplane camera technique.  The colors are brilliant and the soundtrack is even more glorious than I remembered.  Yes, there are a few slow parts to the film, but scene of Bambi on the ice is hilarious and the excitement of the forest fire and Bambi and his father's escape from it will keep you riveted to the screen. One very curious thing I noticed in the extras disc, the film was originally marketed as a love story. Anyway, the extras keep you interested in the techniques used to draw the film and how it was restored.  A must have for any family, or kid at heart like me."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I was a little girl I saw the release of Bambi in the Paradise Theartein the mid80's ! When I was a little girl Bambi maded me cry especaily the scene where the mother had died in the foster ! That mother dieing by a hunter in the forrest maded me feel very emotional as little girl in the mid80's ! When I saw this with My mother and a friend as a little girl of Disney 's Bambi in the mid80's ! This was my first emotional scene as a little girl watching Bambi in the mid 80's !First time I felt for a carttoon in a flim as a little girl but still a great classic of one disney greatest animation with emotion !"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "BAMBI is one of my favorite animated films produced from Walt Disney's creative genius. However, this DVD presentation of BAMBI somehow does not look true to Walt's original vision. The colors look over-enhanced and seem to alter the intention of the original filmmakers. My VHS and Laserdisc copies look much better than this DVD. You can see the original brush strokes if you look hard enough at those copies. Digital restoration seems to be getting to the point where restoration is now becoming recreation. There was a subdued natural look to the original BAMBI. This DVD looks too vibrant to the point where the colors seem to bleed into each other and become a distraction. Some of the innovations like the multiple plane shoots seem to lose their effectiveness. BAMBI is still an outstanding film exploring such themes as love, loss, coming of age and responsibility. These themes are artistically and dramatically represented here and they remain timeless."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I haven't seen this movie since I was a kid of about seven or eight.  I didn't realize that I was just a couple of years younger at that point than my dad was when the movie was originally released in '42.The beginning shows the superior artistry in telling the story.  It comes across as real woods.  For the most part, the animals behaved like animals (though I don't think deer talk to rabbits in real life).The best part of the DVD is the story board, where they go through the movie with the creators telling their thoughts about what to do and comparing it with previous movies.One part of the movie that is fantasy is that man is the only predator.  In real life, the old wise owl and Flower would be preadators as well.  Coyotes and wolves and mountain lions and bob cats were all absent from this forest.I found this a very scary movie when I was young.  Parents would want to watch this with their kids, especially young ones."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is Disney's all-time best animated film!! You'll never forget new-born Bambi with his big eyes, discovering the world around him with the help of his friend, Thumper.  Bambi loses his mother in a heartbreaking scene that is very intense and unforgettable.  He grows up and becomes the new King of the forest.  There are beautiful songs and cute creatures to enjoy.  Bambi is my favorite Disney movie...sad, funny, and magical; this is the Circle of Life told at its best."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "At first, I wasn't sure if I really wanted to purchase this movie or not.However, nowI'm really glad that I have. I think I was reluctant because when I saw it the first time as a kid I didn't really understand what the purpose of the movie was. In a way, Bambi is a bit dark for kids. I love Bambi because of the simplicity of the storyline and the beauty of themusic. The music on its own is like another character and really describes what's going on in the movie.This D.V.D. set is wonderful because it goes inside Disney's private vault and it has some excellent games for all ages alike. I even found some of the games a bit more challenging then I would have liked. This is a really good family movie. However, I would suggest that children be a bit older to watchso that they completely understand what is happening in the movie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "the animation in this production is outstanding. you just can't compare todays computer enhanced art graphics with the real thing -  God gifted artists using their intellect and talent and disipline to create thought provoking master pieces such as this. the beautiful back-drops in the film only add to this classic disney story, filled with all of the usual components that make disneys cachet of the animation market of this vein so successful : a morality story of some sort for young and old alike , lots of snappy characters and music, and lots and lots and lots of \"crayons\" !"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As any true Disney Classic will, Bambi touches and warms your heart.  This is one of those movies that stays with you for the rest of your life, after just one viewing, because of its impact.Bambi was the first animated film to ever touch on the subject of ecology, and man's effect on nature.  However, while it explores such a heavy subject it still maintains a simple beauty and charm.  It has all of the elements of an animated masterpiece:  beautiful animation, an interesting story line, loveable characters, and great voice acting.  However, it also brings the added joy of remembering all of the wonder that the world has to offer.  There are very powerful scenes, including Bambi's well known trama at losing his mother, and its sure to make you stop and think."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Without trying to be a real scrooge, I think BAMBI, although one of his most endearing films, is not one of his best.  While beautifully animated, the movie itself is slim on plot with a heavy handed message against man's pillaging of the forests.  But basically the story is Bambi is born, Bambi is a clumsy youth and Bambi becomes a noble prince.  The supporting characters, including Thumper, are not utilized effectively and there are too many long shots of the forest with accompanying choral background.  Small kids should have fun, but older ones may end up yawning."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Probably the greatest commercial animated film done by Walt Disney's amazing crew of animators in the &#34;glory&#34; years.  It is an amazing piece of work.  Some of the material the studio did for the military during WWII might rival it for animation prowess, but not for sheer storytelling on the commercial level.  It is simply great.  It was Walt's favorite and he agonized over Bambi's mom.  This is one they sure as hell don't make anymore.  I wonder how it would look if Pixar took a crack at it?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bambi isn't just one of Disney's best animated features, it truly is a work of stunning art.  Really.  The entire film is so gorgeously imagined, choreographed and executed that it may move you in its sheer beauty, not to mention the fact that it is a wonderfully layered story appropriate for nearly anyone anywhere.  It is fascinating to watch it as the precursor to nearly all of Disney's later triumphs, perhaps most of all The Lion King.  It is essentially the same story, told through a different species.  Even the settings, and the dramatic use of nature as integral to the scenic look of the film, recall so many other, later Disney films.  Your children will love it, and yes, they'll be devastated by its most heart-wrenching plot twist.  But it's also a wonderful way to introduce bits of life's crueler twists of fate -- and to discuss them as a family.  Bravo Bambi!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bambi is one of the greatest Disney features of our time. Every scene in this movie just fits perfectly together, including everyone's favorite scenes: the ice skating, the \"bird\", and of course, the death of Bambi's mother. I don't usually cry when I see this scene, but it touches me having lost my father at a point in my life. Bambi is obviously a cute cartoon character, and probably the cutest of the early generation of Disney films, next to Thumper. The story is influential, and even controversial. It's all amazing!Rating: 5 stars/5 stars"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "All about a young male deer and how the phases of its life parallel the cycle of seasons in the forest. This is a perennial favourite from the genius of the Disney studios.  I've always thought that the beautifully done APRIL SHOWERS sequence - which reveals the forest at its most mysterious and beautiful exemplifies the superb craftmanship which is seen in every frame.  Here the world was introduced to Thumper who, along with Jiminy Cricket, Dumbo and the Seven Dwarfs became a favourite with children everywhere.  Based on the famous story by Felix Salten, this low-keyed and gentlest of all the Disney animated cartoons is a timeless delight for children and adults alike.  The film's total commitment to its portrayal of the seasons and elements of nature set a pattern that Disney would follow years later in his true-life adventure series.  As in all the past Disney cartoon features, colour and music played an important part in helping to create mood and atmosphere. A beautifully done animated gem from 1942."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this movie and had my three plus yr old watch it and I couldn't believe how terrified he was. I had to keep forwarding the scary scenes. I had no idea this was such an old movie. The music sounds like church music and is not something I consider for kids (Remember it is rated G). The video may be remastered but the audio quality is poor and one has to turn up the volume to listen to the dialogue which makes the scary scenes even more so. I think this is an age old format of story telling which needs to revised. Unfortunately Disney keeps repeating it through movies like Incredibles."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Given how Bambi is no longer a Disney hottie, I was thrilled to own it on DVD, and for our kids to meet some of the older Disney characters.  They love the book, and this film would be one of the first they read, then watched.I noticed some differences, though I don't recall it vividly since I've not seen it since its original theatre release. Still, I thought the older art form was well-maintained, and the story relatively intact.  Watching it now, I found the leap from Bambi's youth to maturity quite abrupt, and I recall as a child finding that somewhat confusing.  My little ones did, as well. It took them a few minutes to realize the new young buck was Bambi.In all, I think it's worth adding to a classic Disney home collection.  I enjoyed the special features, also."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the film we all will someday show our kids and hopefully inculcate many morals to live by:  \"Now, children, remember, life isn't always fair. Don't start forest fires, and tell all your hunter friends that Bambi misses his mommy.\"I liked the film. I really did. My mother...well, she's a mother, so she understands the \"sacrifices\" (I've never seen anyone so passionately cry for Dumbo's mother, either).It's a Disney classic, so if you plan to have kids someday, and you want to get the above messages across, this movie pretty much does the trick."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Aaaahhhhhh, yes that's the perfect mock for a movie so touchy.This movie is no way cheesy or corny.  Bambi was a movie that taught kids that life was not a piece of cake.  In fact you have to deal with reality, like the most fearful thing for a kid be left alone, and the death of a loved one.  How cruel that sound, but Disney as always painted the movie wich such matices that the carry on of it is such painfully delightful.  Without a doubt Bambi will always be one of the most powerful and defying animated pictures.  Bambi focus as many here have stated the relationship that human have(in an animal way).  A nice movie to cherish adn remember."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Watching Bambi, I wondered Is this really for kids during some parts of this film that may scare young children. And parts of this movie there are men that we don't see that are shooting and killing animals. And in one part during winter, they kill Bambi's mother after she hears trouble. But does Bambi have a father? Earlier in the film when he first talks, he calls a butterfly a bird, some flowers butterflys, and a skunk Flower. Which his friend a rabitt named Thumper laughs. Now remember this is a cartoon, in real life animals don't talk, expect for parrtors, excpect when they are babies."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is impossible to believe that any child who sees Bambi's mother shot to death by a hunter will ever grow up to be one.  Will he or she ever want to handle a gun at all?  One might even wonder how anyone who loved Bambi could enjoy a dinner of  Veal Parmigiano, but perhaps that goes too far for most. One can also think, as Man destroys the edenic forest  by failing to watch over his campfire, of the rivers he is polluting and the atmosphere he is poisoning with equal disregard.Viewing Bambi with my adult mind,  I saw it for the powerful  criticism of the human species that it was, rather than as a kiddie cartoon.  In 1942 nature \"grew back\" despite the devastation, but those days were pre- nuclear.  Will it still?Enough has been said of the magnificent restoration, the digital technology, the behind-the- scenes  documentary.  We are used to all that by now.I'm giving my five stars to the \"message.\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The very best Peter Pan ever made for film. I am sure we are not the only family that loves this movie together as a family. We have to watch it every year at Christmas , 4 generations gather around the TV sometime during December to watch Peter Pan and a few other family favorite movies. We just love the animation and the way in which the story is told, it makes you wish Neverland was real and we could all be kids and play forever. We love watching our gandsons pretending to be Peter and fighting Hook. A huge bowl of homemade caramel corn, and beverage of your choice have been found by our family to only enhance the viewing pleasure!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Classic Disney movie on Blu-Ray, though not without a few reservations. There are screenshot threads comparing the blu-ray with the VHS and I feel that this bluray is a worthy upgrade without too many awful mistakes like on the Cindarella blu-ray or others like Little Mermaid (has been recalled), Robin Hood, and Sword in the Stone.  Luckily it wasn't edited or changed to make it any less-racist, so it's still the Peter Pan you remember :-)  But the transfer is a huge step up from the awful DVD that was released a few years back."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was always one of my favorite Disney movies.  I am happy to say that it is now one of my 2 daughter's favorites as well.  We got the DVD when it came out and they have watched it over and over.  All I can say is that I am glad that DVD movies don't wear out like VHS or Beta.The clarity of the images is fantastic.  Disney re-releases are always beautiful and this is no exception.Special features are great for the adults or older children.A definite must have for any family, but especially for those of us who remember or, more importantly, can't remember what it was like to be a kid."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "You can fly You can fly, you can fly!!!! Where the imagination can take you into far away lands you'll never forget TinkerBell! Don't we all love her! I'm troubled by the depiction of native americans though. What makes the red man red? I think this is the only set back to the film there's some prejudice there that I'm not happy with. Don't we all wanna stay as children? We all miss our childhoods. This film is by far one of the best films to relive your childhood."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I was five, I was in love with Peter Pan. I thought I was going to marry him when I got older, and tried jumping out of a window, thinking I could fly. Now, at 14, I moved on to Michael. He's adorable! But..ahem...This classic Disney movie is about Peter Pan, Neverland, the lost buys.... Wendy tells her younger brothers, John and Michael, stories about Peter Pan every night. Peter Pan himself loves these stories, and when he finds out that there will be no more stories because Wendy is moving from the nursery, he takes matters into his owns hands. He teaches the kids how to fly and takes them to Neverland, where the adventure starts.No matter what your age is, if you have any taste, you'll love this movie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"Peter Pan\" is classic Disney animation at its finest; heartfelt, humorous, lush and colorful.  And it's never looked better, in this digitally remastered release.  As an adult collector, however, I find the extras on this \"Platinum\" edition lacking in interest.  First of all, they're pretty much the same as those on the original DVD release of some years ago; and they're hardly comprehensive in their detailing the history of the film.  Given how extensive the Disney vaults are, it's hard to believe there was nothing new to be found.  And as I don't have kids, the games and sing-alongs are wasted on me.  I have most of the Platinum Editions and will continue to buy them for the films I love; I just wish they were a little more geared to adult animation wanks like me!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of my favorite movies from my youth. The story follows the book reasonable close. What child won't want to have this adventure - pirates, Indians - being able to fly - this movie has it all!The picture is VERY good - probably as good, if not better, than when it was first shown in the theaters. I've owned this on tape, DVD and now blu-ray.The night scenes over London remind me of the ride in Disney World - quite simply they are beautiful.Some of the songs, notably 'You Can Fly', fits the story almost like they were written when the book was!This is a movie for the ages. Certainly this is a movie all childern (and those young at heart) should see several times in their life. The lessions it has are timeless as well.The movie came quickly and in perfect shape - all at a unbeatable price.I would rate this a very strong 9.0 to 9.25 out of 10."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Disney Studios 14th full length animated feature film is another fan favorite. Peter Pan is another enduring classic released at the height of the studios resurgence. The last film of the heavily influenced Mary Blair years. The colors pop even more on this sparkling Blu Ray treatment and there are some excellent bonus features on this set. Considering this is the 4th release on home video in fairly recent years there was no reason to lose any bonus features in the place of others here. The film is presented in its original theatrical fomat (full screen).Still the film has never looked or sounded better and there are some quality bonus features on this set. Overall this is a very satisfying release. The story is simple, the characters (Tinker Bell is a standout!)and songs are memorable. It's no wonder this is a fan favorite and had stood the test of time.If you don't own any edition, then the Blu Ray is by far the best choice."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "All I can say is WOW!!I hadnt watched Peter Pan in about 15 years, but it somehow remained one of my favourites. I got the Special Edition DVD last night and immediatly ripped the Amazon box and the wrapping..... I watched the movie....and suddenly I remembered I could fly.This is a fantastic story, where as a child you can relate, and certainly wish Peter will lose his shadow in your bedroom.This version has also some very interesting features, like language tracks in French and Spanish (its really funny to hear the characters in another language), commentaries, games and more!And... after watching it again, and again, and again.... it still remains as one of my favourites!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I own the special edition, but Im glad that they are finally releasing this great movie for all those who missed it when it was available last time. This version is probably the best ever released and the price is pretty reasonable. The special edition was only 1 disk and cost a bit more.Hopefully Pinnochio will be coming soon to Platinum. I have the limited edition and it's a pretty bad transfer (looks like straight from VHS with no clean up). However, Im holding on to it incase they censor the platinum version.I think this re-release of PeterPan is a signal that Disney is seeing the light. They are losing alot of revenue to chinese bootlegs being sold on [...], and god knows [...] doesnt give a crap about enforcement."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like many other thousands of people I am a huge fan of Disney animated classics so I am very happy that this edition of Peter Pan is available.  I always had a very active imagination as a kid and it kind of dwindled away as the years rolled on by so it is always enjoyable to watch this movie and think of never growing up.  The story is so fun and magical.  Now a little down side to this movie is I don't want my kids to try to fly out a window!!!  Do you think Michael Jackson is trying to have the face of Peter Pan it really does look like him with the large eyes and very small nose?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Our family voted PP as the 2nd best Disney movie, behind only The Lion King.  It has something for boys and girls of all ages, including the 2 things that make a movie truly great for my 9 year old son&#65533;  swords and sword fights.  This is a movie we have owned a long time and it gets watched several times per year.  Pete&#65533;s Dragon is our most watched movie period but PD came in 3rd.We had a lot of fun by gathering the family together to rank the 41 Disney movies we have that include some cartoon work.  All the kids, ages 6 to 27, participated along with mother and dad.  Peter Pan is no Codfish, we rank it #2.  Lion King was selected number 1 of the 41 as the family favorite, but narrowly.  Peter Pan was 2.  Pete&#65533;s Dragon 3, Beauty & the beast 4 and Sleeping Beauty 5."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "An evergreen animated fantasy based on J.M. Barrie's beloved children's book, Disney's \"Peter Pan\" features dazzling hand-drawn visuals, excellent voice acting, and a winning score epitomized by the song \"You Can Fly!\" Rendered by Driscoll, Peter is refreshingly cocky, and even Tinkerbell has a bit of an impetuous streak; Hook, of course, is as dastardly as ever. Made by the same team that later created \"The Lady and the Tramp,\" this thrilling, imaginative tale bests the 1923 live-action original, and leaves most other versions in the (fairy) dust as well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This digitally restored Platinum Edition of the Disney classic breathes new life into the movie, putting it in front of a new generation of viewers with more vibrant colors that stand out and surround sound that will make you jump off your couch.As for the story, it really never gets old. Like Dumbo, Pinnochio or Bambi, one can watch it over and over and feel like the first day, when you dreamed alongside the gang, that you could fly to Neverland.The extras contained definitely make for an interesting complement, with the segment with Disney himself topping the list. As a package, if you don't already own the movie, it's highly recommendable, and if you do, it may not be a bad idea to sell your used movie and get your hands on this great collector's item."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Both the video and the sound on this BluRay are state-of-the art. The colors are really true, and are a little bit darker than they were in the previous DVD release (as can be seen when you watch the extra features which were produced for the earlier DVD release and feature color that has been \"corrected\" into a brighter, more-pastel-ish look). The outlines of the animated characters are also sharper in this BD release than in previous issues.The extra features in this set are substantial and very interesting. I won't discuss them here, but I will say that you're really missing out if you've purchased this combo set and don't avail yourself of watching the extras.A great release from Disney.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When someone asks &quot;what is your favorite Disney movie&quot; I usually reply, &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; or &quot;The Lion King&quot;, as do most people. There is one Disney movie, which almost everyone loves, yet always seems to forget, &quot;Peter Pan&quot;. This is one of Disney's most wonderfully brilliant and magical movies ever. It combines the joy of childhood with the seriousness of growing up. I remember watching it so often that I wore out my video. Anyone of any age can enjoy this film...and will."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I expect this akin to heresy but I didn't much like this film.  I never saw it as a kid but was certainly put off when I saw the iconic characters in their actual (animated) performances.Peter Pan is a bit of a punk, -- certainly not a role model for any child.Tinkerbell is downright malicious.  The mermaids aren't much better.The positive is that the voice actors do an incredible job.  Truly perfect performances throughout.The negative is that the script itself makes Never-Never Land seem like a dysfunctional playground.  Maybe that's the point, as I've not read the book this is based upon, but it doesn't fit well in my mind of a Disney classic, especially one that formed a major pillar upon which the entire Disney franchise was based upon."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One thing  I like about this film was the realism, I get so sick of hearing about \"wooodstock\" that it was 3 days of Peace and Love....BS!  The hippies crashed the fences and didnt give a crap about the promoters and other men and and women who put the festival on. Feeling they can just storm in and not have to pay for an event and just stiff the promoters to have to dig in their own pockets to pay the artists and everything else,  With Woodstock tho, the promoters already had a film and record deal signed and wasnt too concernd about tickets but they still took a huge financial hit.Great documentary about the so called \"love child\" generation that were just as selfish and spoiled as the ME generation, same crap, different title.Wish the film were still a bit longer but it is what it is.Great performances by Jimi Hendrix, Janis and many others."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It's great to see this concert film again. The split-screen effect still holds up, even if it's a bit distracting to the enjoyment of the musical performances. Richie Havens and The Who still stand out as incredible sequences in the film. I'm not such a fan of mud, but these people actually make mud dancing look like fun. There's an incredible story about why the Woodstock festival actually took place in Bethel. A guy named Elliot Tiber issued a concert permit to the Woodstock organizers from the Bethel Chamber of Commerce, where he was a member. The rest, as they say, is history. The Elliot Tiber story is told very well in a forthcoming book called TAKING WOODSTOCK. Keep an eye out for it on Amazon; it should fast become the perfect preamble to watching this movie. Have fun, everyone, and remember -- DON'T EAT THE BROWN ACID!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "After reading the book by Michael Lang, the man who thought this whole festival up..(\" the road to Woodstock\"), it put it all in perspective for me! Watching the artists perform was simply amazing! I loved it!! The music.. the People.. the interviews have brought me right there! I still can't get Richie Havens Out of my head And that's a beautiful thing! Nor Santana for that matter!! They laid the groundwork for the vibe that was the Woodstock Festival. 10 stars!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Honest to God being of the Woodstock generation I had Great expectations from this release, and was very disappointing with the resolution and the editing of this version. I was really looking for something that looked like at least somewhat close to the original theatrical release but this fell very short. The Audio is barely OK and sounds flat (dynamics are lacking in the music)and the added footage does not add much to the film.In addition I would be hard pressed to say it's a Hi Def film. The contrast in many parts is just poor, and no it's not my set. I have a newer set that was rated pretty high, and I have never had this issue in concert films. I guess I would say except on vintage poorly non Hi Def films that were poorly transferred. Over all I can not see anything about this making it look or sound like a newly Remastered Version Hi Def  release, Nothing!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, I have the VCR and a DVD recorded from the Cinemax airing, and the cassettes,but I'm happy I got the remastered anniversary edition. I used it during aWoodstock 40th anniversary promotion in my small shop and celebrated by not takinga shower all weekend. As a result it played continuously for 3 days. On the fourth day,I took it home and watched it again that evening. To watch it that much is a testamentto the significance of the event.Or....I'm a moron. OK, your point is well taken. But, it's still an excellent product.The packaging was fun too. The best $483 I've ever spent.What? Amazon has it for how much.............? Crap."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Just got this last night, and I have to say it's stunning.  I purchased Woodstock as an excuse to purchase a blu-ray player, and I'm happy I did.  The colors pop, you see detail you never saw in the original DVD.And yes, some of the songs have been \"repaired\" with added instrumentation, which I have NO PROBLEM WITH.  I suppose it would be immoral if they didn't tell us they did it.  But they told us.  They even made a video to show the process, which is pretty amazing.So quit complaining and turn it up!And oh yeah, groovy.Kaz"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was 20 years old in '69, didn't make it to Woodstock, even though I only lived 200 miles away in Vt. On this 40th anniversary, I am kicking myself repeatedly! I just bought the 40th anniversary directors cut boxed set and love every moment of it. But for me, I keep going back to those precious few moments where the three nuns are walking through the crowd. The wonderful smile and the spontaneous peace sign -FROZEN IN TIME- it just cuts to my soul! I can't help but wonder what ever became of that young lady in the blue habit. I have a feeling she lived a very PEACEFUL life.God, I wish I'd been there!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm writing this review just to be contrary.  What makes the movie  worthwhile is that the music is mixed with &quot;mundane&quot; footage -  the performances weren't generally outstanding at Woodstock, while the  sheer magnitude of the event, and the problems it caused (food shortages,  sanitary problems, disturbance of the Woodstock locality), are special and  worth including for the permanent record.  If you miss more songs from your  favorite performers, consider how long this film would be if every artist  received generous treatment from the film makers.  For my taste, anyway,  there's more than enough music and lots of stuff that most people who  attended the event never had a chance to see.  Woodstock is well worth the  3 or 4 hours it takes to see it all, and I'm glad it isn't 6 or 8 hours  long."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I also have this movie in it's many various incarnations.  The Blu Ray 40th Anniversary, the original VHS and DVD release, as well as the director's cut DVD.  So I go and by this 40th Aniversary DVD for my office (which unfortunately does not have a Blu Ray player) specifically because I wanted the extra performances that are on the other 40th Anniversary discs.  Creedance, Johnny Winter, The Who, Canned Heat, Airplane, etc.  Wrong! Not here. Even the extra documentary footage that's on the other 40th Anniversary release of Wadleigh, Dale Bell, Scorsese and many others speaking on the events surrounding the filming of the movie is not here.  Just some cheesy Story of the Sixties film.  Totally dissapointed.  What really made me angry is that there's no disclaimer stating that there's huge differences between this \"40th Anniversary Edition\" DVD and the others that are available.  I just gave it away."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A great introduction for those who missed out (like I did), but not so much a documentary or a concert. I supposed it is very difficult to fit 3 days into the time alloted, but it's oftentimes very difficult to watch as  some songs are cut short... the cameramen can't find the subject they're  shooting... the filmmakers often focus on mundane topics rather than  grabbing the full excitement of the event. Don't get me wrong - it's a  great piece of history - it just doesn't seem to capture the best of it,  IMHO."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Woodstock was the high point of the late sixties.  It was a time of innocence and pain.  It was a time when we who were young were members of a tribe - we cared for each other and shared visions of a better world.  Yes, there were problems - bad drugs, lack of sanitation, and the like.  But it worked in its time.  The movie captures this mood so well, both in the interviews and in the music.  The multiple frames help to show the different aspects of life at Woodstock so well.  I'm not sure if those who are younger now can truly understand why Woodstock was so important - maybe this film will help them to understand."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film is very interesting because it is like having a bird's eye view of such a unique time in the country's history. The film opens with someone from a band called \"Ten Years After,\" the lead singer looking like Kent from Begosian's film \"Talk Radio,\" and the man is strung out on something, repeating over and over again how he is going to \"go home to see his baby.\"  One gets an overpowering sense of how lost these kids were and how badly they wanted to find the answers. Footage of John Sebastian, Santana(young Carlos on guitar) and others gives a great insight into the anti-war madness during Vietnam.  God bless the flower children, because their intentions were good.  Of course, the road to hell is paved with good intentions."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"Woodstock\" is a nearly four-hour kaleidoscope of unremitting fascination. Musician and \"man/woman-in-the-street\" interviews are interwoven with concert performances, all of it presented in the then-ground-breaking format of multiple on-screen images. The divergent outlooks of adult town residents and visiting hippies shed an amusing light on what used to be termed \"the generation gap.\" What everyone seems to share, regardless of age, is sheer awe at the enormous influx of humanity that fueled this largest of all \"happenings.\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The actual event of Woodstock goes beyond simple concert and music footage. The work of capturing history on film must have been daunting. Not only was history captured on film, it was filmed as documentary, too. When it's mentioned that this film won an Oscar as best documentary, \"of course\" is the only comment that comes to mind.The extended version or director's cut is worth the time. When I got this film, I called my neighbors and had a Woodstock evening with food, drink, and, well whatever. It was wonderful to be that young, again, and listen to some of our musical heroes.This should be required viewing for every generation in the foreseeable future. Enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love Woodstock.  I must have seen the movie as a midnight show several times in the 1970's.  I bought this edition because of the promised unreleased footage, including CCR.  It is NOWHERE to be found on the two disc edition I received.  Apparently, there is a third disc containing this in some special editions, but NOT the one I got.  I am still glad I bought it, but cannot recommend it to others for this reason unless you know what you are getting."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was a really terrific film.  I wish they could've made a series of films like this to capture the entire festival, but this comes as close as we've got I guess.  As it was, I felt transported and when it was over, I was sad to leave it.  Really glad I got the director's cut!  This is a great historical document that captures not only the music (though I wish there were more), but the climate (political and natural) surrounding the festival as well.  Whether you were there or wish you could have been, this is a great trip!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this blu ray set last year before realizing that there were exclusive performances and featurettes on different versions from Amazon and Target. The packaging is clever, but I would have preferred a standard blu ray case.I ended up selling it and getting the blu ray from amazon.co.uk. It comes in a standard blu ray case and features all 6 of the extra performances and 7 extra featurettes from Amazon and Target. The blu ray is region free and plays fine in us blu ray players. It is currently around $20. Definitely the way to go to get everything.http://www.amazon.co.uk/Woodstock-Blu-ray-Jimi-Hendrix/dp/B001V7P2MM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s;=dvd&qid;=1274286271&sr;=8-1"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow! I saw this movie when it first came out at the theater. Amazing film. So many big performers. This has some extras that are worth watching. Probably the beginning of drug abuse/sexually transmitted diseases in this contry and who knows what else. I still would have liked to have been there. Nothing compares to this event. Not something to sit and watch with your kids unless they are in their late teens. This is where Ten Years After really go their big start. I mean you have Janis Joplin, Hendrix, Crosby, Stills and Nash (who got there beginning here) Richie Havens, Country Joe and the Fish, Santana...the list goes on."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this product for the additional performances not included in the regular director's cut.  It was good to see the performances of CCR and a few others not previously seen.  It made me appreciate the camera work and editing done on the actual movie performances, because the bonus footage was just standard footage and not nearly as interesting from a visual perspective.  I wanted to see the footage of the Grateful Dead and then understood why I hadn't seen it before.  It was a lackluster performance and the lighting was terrible, because the festival producers were not catering to the needs of the film crew.  Based on the extra footage provided I thought the set was way overpriced.  They tried to justify the high cost by including a lot of unnecessary packaging and nicknacks that didn't add much real value.  They even included a little Woodstock tambourine, which is not something I would have paid for.  I would say just buy the director's cut.  Most of the additional performances are available on Youtube."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A fascinating film documentary of a signicant historical event.  Funny, poignant, and compelling.  The musical performances varied in quality.  Country Joe and the Fish, The Who, Santana and Jimi Hendrix were the standout performances.  I know The Who were not that happy about the show, but given they went on around sunrise it speaks more to the quality of what they were capable of at that point in their history.  I loved the announcements and audience interviews. Obvious accomadations were made to get the quality of sound and video up to Blu-ray snuff but well worth the editing in the end."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "it was as good a time capsule of an era as there ever was made, but i just could not handle the switching back and forth between academy standard and widescreen aspect ratios, it was a major distraction for me. what made it worse was that the 1:33 main parts occupied only an ittybitty part of the screen in the middle, why couldn't the DVD's producers have made the 1:33 parts fill more of the screen? a 1.75x magnification would've done the trick without lopping anything off anywhere! a muted paisley virtual \"pleated theatre drapery\" border display would've at least made it seem more like the curtains placed around movie screens in a theatre which would've been a vast improvement over the huge black bars."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I would highly recommend this for anyone who is 50+ years old and remembers what it was like back then.And for the under 50 folks you will appreciate the love and happiness of the baby boomer generation and how much music has changed.Especially all the technology available today was unheard of back then as you will see from the DVD.I suggest you buy this for a \"collectors item\" as I am sure it will be a valuable investment for the younger peoples portfolio.Also a lot of the artists were the best of the best and some have passed away and some are still performing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Although it was before my time, as a big music fan I took the opportunity to pick this film up when I saw it on sale. I can see why they tried to re-create the feeling  of these times by staging woodstock 94 and 99, unfortunate that 99 ruined a great thing.  If you like music from that era, this film is a definite must have. The who, Hendrix, Joe Cocker to name a few, but many other as well. Interesting look into Flower power. I don't nessesarily agree with everything in the movie, but this is an important American Documentary.  Something for any Music person to watch at least once in their life."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Here's me a young adult of 20 years and a listner of heavy metal reviewing this so-called kids film but it had and still has much of an effect on me.  I loved this movie when I was younger and still love it today beacuse the story is just so compelling and magical.  The animation is excellent and the voices also but the story and atmosphere in the movie are just majestic. It's such a great adventure battling eternal questions such as good vs evil and logic vs magic it has great messages for children and adults alike. All should see this movie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I first got this movie, I was expecting a stupid, cheesy \"Puff The Magic Dragon\" wanna be kind of show.  It was only purchased because it was one of those deals...of \"Buy this movie with this other movie\".  And it was listed with the movie of \"Heidi's Song\", so I figured, \"Why not?\"  It stayed in my collection and collected alot of dust for a several months.  Then one day I decided to put it in and see how bad it really was.  To my surprise, it turned out to be an OK show.  It wasn't great, but it wasn't as bad as I was expecting either.  So all in all, it was OK."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A true classic of dragons, fantasy and magic! Together with the animation of the &quot;The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe&quot;, are my all-time favorite animation movies.  As a kid, I would spend endless hours watching it on &quot;betamax&quot; over and over again. Now, watching it on VHS is like taking a ride on a time machine back to my childhood days of dungeons and dragons, knights and wizardy! The story is very exciting with a slight pinch of drama. Children and adults  of all ages will surely love this.  This is not just a so-called cartoon but a very wonderful and beautiful creation of art, fantasy  and magic!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the best movie! I love it, and I just finished watching it. It's exactly like the movie I watched on TV as a kid. It's not edited or anything. The front picture is misleading, if you look at the back of the DVD it's more true to form. It's a great inspiration to me, I couldn't be happier with the film. I bought one for twenty four dollars and it was hard to find. This is more organized, and classically done. I wish I had this one instead, but I bought this because my family loves this film. Espcially my brother, and now we both have one this is the best."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been looking for this movie for years and years and could not remember details about it nor the name of it. Found it and WOW it's great. The book is awesome too, however the book is a mock text book about dragons and how they function, live, fly, etc, where as the movie is the story of the guy who wrote the book and how he met dragons, learned about them, and gained the knowledge to write the book. Lets not forget to mention James Earl Jones is a voice in the film. ;)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Of all the Elvis B-pictures that he made during the 1960's, this was by far his best result.Just looking at old Las Vegas before the corporations took it over, is a visual treat.  Ann Margaret is very complimentary to Elvis as his wannabe love interest.  The songs in his films were often poor quality, but not so much in this film.If you are a new Elvis fan and want to see a high quality Technicolor transfer of a great classic romp....this is my pick for his best movie.  The only other one that came close to this was \"Fun In Alcupulco\" (sp?)Enjoy...and Viva Las Vegas!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Viva Las Vegas was a great purchase, and I'm so happy to have it in my collection. What makes it fun is seeing Vegas back in the day -- I could just imagine Frank, Sammy and Peter Lawford lurking in the background!If you're an Elvis fan, you already know how great this musical is. If you are not familiar with The King's movies, this one would be a great place to start. The fact that Ann Margaret's dance numbers in Viva Las Vegas have been so frequently immitated speaks for itself.Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I still remember her performance in State Fair when she dazzled a young Pat Boone. In this Elvis movie, she plays a swimming instructor who does not like him at first. Near the beginning is an interesting number where they trade opinions of each other, Elvis liking Rusty I think her name is, and she not liking him. Of course they eventually fall in love with each other, but a car race and getting Elvis' car ready to run is more important. It was really funny watching the very voluptuous Ann-Margret get covered in motor oil while working under his car, but then she also does a number about following her mother's advice. She is some dancer, but Elvis is some singer with moves of his own."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I SAW THIS MOVIE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 1964 WHILE I WAS IN THE SERVICETHEN SAW IT ON OCCASION ON CABLE...........AND I BELIEVE I RENTED THE OLD DVD ONCE OR TWICE...........WELL WATCHING THE BLU RAY RELEASE OF THIS MOVIE IS LIKE SEEING IT FOR THE FIRST TIME.........THE COLOR ,SHARPNESS,(1080p) AND THE ADDITION OF DOLBY TRUE 5.1.......IN THIS RELEASE IS MIND BLOWING.........THERE IS THE ORIGINAL TRAILER AS WELL AS OTHER EXTRAS SUCH AS A RUNNING COMMENTARY BY A VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE COMMENTATOR.......THE SURROUND IN THE CAR RACE IS UNREAL......I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS THE SAME MOVIE THAT I SAW WAY BACK WHEN.......AND ELVIS AND ANN...........LOOK OUTSTANDING..............BUY THIS BLU RAY......YOU WILL TRUELY ENJOY IT.........REMEMBER WHAT I SAID YOU HAVENT SEEN THIS MOVIE TILL YOUVE SEEN THE BLU RAY RELEASE.........YOU WILL THANK ME.........."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First off to answer the important questions.YES, its a great remaster job by Warners...the film looks sparkling!NO, Ann-Margret for some crazy reason isn't interviewed in the 20 minute featurette about KINGDOM Elvis in Las Vegas.  Who knows why...maybe she wanted more than they would pay or was touring during the production window but its a bad blow to the package...still for its price its a great value. I should ad that I have an IMPORT 2 DVD set of the movie TOMMY and she is all over that one with interviews etc...you would think she'd be proud to be on this?the 24 Page book that comes with it is nice added value as well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, CAspect ratio: 2.40:1VC-1 BD-25 / AACS / Advanced Profile 3Running time: 1:24:54Feature size: 16,74 GBDisc size: 17,95 GBAverage video bit rate: 20.42 MbpsDolby TrueHD Audio  English  1455 kbps  5.1 / 48 kHz / 1455 kbps / 16-bit (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps)Dolby Digital Audio  English  640 kbps  5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbpsDolby Digital Audio  English  192 kbps  1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbpsDolby Digital Audio  English  192 kbps  1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbpsDolby Digital Audio  French  192 kbps  1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbpsSubtitles: English / English SDH / French / SpanishNumber of chapters: 24#Audio commentary#Kingdom: Elvis in Vegas - Featurette (20 min)#Theatrical trailer"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is not the worst sequel for a non-Disney movie i've seen ('Swan Princess 2' and 'An American Tail III &amp; IV is much worser!), the art direction is pretty, the two leading characters are both sweet and brave, there is a lot of action, but the pro is:Cheap songs, bad character animation, some missing characters, and a confusing story.If you love classic animated non-Disney movies from the 90's, you will with guarantee love 'Secret Of NIMH 2'."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Simple and stark intimate concert movie showcases Robyn Hitchcock (the Soft Boys, ...and The Egyptians) playing mostly solo to a small audience in an abandoned Manhatten storefront against the backdrop of a large window looking out on a typical New York Street. The visual effect is sedative and seductive with the psychedelic pop storyteller singing the deep psyche of your average bi-polar joe, as he warms the audience with his mesmerizing pop numbers while intriguing New York passerbys with the theatrically mysterious storefront. And he's no slouch on guitar either."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "With 2 babies in 2 years.  Sleep was a huge issue in this house.  Dr.  Karp's methods are great.  You just need to stick to them.  I think there are a few different methods that work well, it's just a matter of finding what you are comfortable with and sticking it out.  My best advice is watch this and then follow what rings true to you.  Remember it is one thing to watch a dvd and another to hear your baby crying at 4 in the morning.  Stay strong!!  This DVD gives you much needed ammo!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Raised 3 kids, thought I knew most of the techniques for ssothing babies, helping them through rough days (colic, teething, fussy times). But this video brings NEW research and tips to make life easier for parents of new babies...and if you're an aunt or grandparent, you'll learn something new too. SOme of the suggestions are simply amazing, making specific sounds gently into the baby's ears and seeing an instant, peaceful transformation.Many of these suggestions come from looking at life from the baby's perspective and, in retrospect, seem like common sense (but not as easy as it sounds, otherwise there'd be no need for this video). Well worth your viewing time and could bring relief to many an exhausted parent (and baby)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My husband and I were skeptical.  I bought this DVD on a whim and it stayed in its wrapper for 2 weeks before we watched it.  Our baby fussed for 2 hours at night, fighting sleep, but obviously exhausted, well fed, and wearing a clean diaper.  My daughter fussed while we watched the video and we calmed her right there as we watched the techniques.  We can get her to sleep in less than 5 minutes, rather than try to calm her fussing for over an hour, like we had done before.It really works!  We are now the Happiest Parents on the Block!  Our baby is calm and well rested.  We are less stressed.  We are giving it to all our pregnant friends as part of their baby gifts."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This stress relieving meditation is absolutely phenomenal!  When listening to the voice of Roberta Shapiro, I am transfixed and transported to a place of calm!  I love the suggestions to visualize and focus on positive thoughts.  Roberta says, &#34;If you're going to have dreams, have good ones!&#34; I love it!  I listen to this, at times, while I'm at work to help get me through my day and sometimes at night.  The only problem about listening to this at night time is that I fall asleep! LOL!!!  Which, is suggested to be a good thing, because our minds still absorb the information.  I would recommend this tape to anyone who is trying to manage their stress.  The music and Roberta's voice are an amazing combination that touches the heart."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A classic of jazz, the studio work of these 2 giants together in this mid to late 1950's period put forth some of the greatest sounding music ever layed down.Hawkinks the master,Webster,the sweet soul bluesman on these tracks are an amazing display of blues,and jazz with the great Oscar Peterson on piano.There are a whole slew of recordings done in this 1950's era for Verve comprising a similiar lineup of these stellar musicians and many are on the Veve master-editions issue...not to be missed for those exploring are the Genius of Coleman Hawkins,Ben Webster and Associates,Ben Webster meets Oscar Peterson,Ben Webster's Soulville..these releases were all repackaged with liner notes and given great treatment..All of these \"senior\" masters were given their due late on in their careers but the greatness of their youth is revisited on this and the other fine releases."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One of the most beautiful records ever made. The \"Master Edition\" sound quality lets you truly hear the heartrending tone of these tenor giants. Beyond jazz, this will move anyone with a pulse. After seven tracks that leave you emotionally stunned, where you kept turning it up to savor every nuance of tone and feeling, you suddenly get the sound of a recording engineer barking into a mike! The fools just had to fill some unused CD real estate and mar one of the most beautiful records ever made with some let's look behind the curtain \"Blues for Yolanda\" outtakes! Why not use \"Maria\" and \"Cocktails for Two\", tracks from the same session I've found on other compilations? So be ready to shut down your CD player after \"Shine On Harvest Moon\". Grafitti on the Mona Lisa, fercrysakes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Some might say (including historians, musical producers and liner notes writers) that Hawkins was much better than Webster, that only Young could equall his power with his unique approach. Even if this is true, the level at which Hawk and Webster play is so high that I see the meeting of two true giants.Impecable rhythm section led by great Oscar Peterson always helps at these Verve style encounters and I feel that both tenor plays made the best of it. Whether it is gentle ballads, blowing the blues or harmonizing in rhythm, this CD should satisfy not only swing and mainstream fans but also modern jazz fans: mainstream by definition leans somewhat towards modern jazz and Hawk and Peterson particularly well blend the best of both worlds (as they did throught their careers; Hawkins even before modern jazz was born).A classic."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Recorded in 1957 this session captures Coleman Hawkins and Ben Webster duelling on Tenor Saxophones. The standard is set on the opening track ' Blues for Yolande'. This is a steady driving blues. Hawkins takes the first solo and after two choruses lets rip on the 3rd chorus with as raucous a blues riff as you're ever likely to hear on a Tenor Saxophone.Whether 'Blues for Yolande' was the first recorded track I don't know, but it wouldn't surprise me if that was Coleman Hawkins putting down a marker. Of course later on Ben Webster gets a chance to shine with some of his brilliant breathy ballad playing.The rhythm section is Alvin Stoller on drums, Ray Brown on Bass, Herb Ellis on Guitar and Oscar Peterson on Piano. As the previous reviewer said these guys are as good as it gets.A marvellous album that grows on you with repeated listens."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is not 100% guaranteed, but the recording is relaxing enough to make sleep a real possibility. Be warned: The Delta Sleep System is NOT designed for a room-sized music system; in fact it can be downright irritating coming through big speakers. It works best with a headset on personal players like ipods and mp3 players. (Yes, you can fall asleep wearing headphones - if you use the in-the-ear buds instead of the monster head sets.) My biggest gripe is that the recording has an abrupt break in the middle - like the company is still making vinyls with only 30 minutes per side, not cds. Wish they'd made it a single, seamless recording. If I'm not fully in the zone, that break is especially annoying."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This feature length adventure has Scooby, Shaggy, Daphne, Freddie, and Velma investigating a haunted isle deep in a Louisiana bayou.  Laughs and Scares in equal measure as the Mystery Inc. crew finally come across ghosts who aren't just crooks in masks!Scooby and Shaggy get their fill of Cajun cooking and of course there are the required chase scenes.  But it's not just zombies the gang has to worry about...A fun Scooby Doo adventure that's a great addition to any fan's home video collection(Warning: this might be a little too intense for really young children so parents who are concerend about such things ought to view this film first)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to admit that I have always had a soft spot for the Powerpuff Girls.  I find the frequently tongue-in-cheek humour to be very witty and like most good cartoons are, this one is thoroughly entertaining for both kids and adults alike.  My favourite Cartoon Network character is actually Dexter's Lab but until they release that on DVD I guess this will have to do as second best.  This DVD has been very well thought out and designed and contains good bonus features as well as 10 great episodes.  Highly recommended for a good laugh!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Dame Joan obviously could not be compared to her prime at her farewell performance. However, that was a very good decision to say farewell to all her fans in this glorious and very seldom performed opera.She still had a very good stage presence and did not have to \"die or go mad \" at the end.The final farewell scene was impressive, I don't think any opera singer ever had such a sumptious farewell occasion. It showed how her fans loved her and would missed her.That was in sharp contrast to how Pavarotti bid farewell to her fans in New York.Both occsions would be well talked about and remembered.I wished they have taped the OONY concert performance of the same opera at Carnegie Hall last year.That was a memorable performance."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Come on, guys. This is just about as good as you're gonna get nowadays. Yes, the ol' girl is past her prime. Yes the tenor is squally. But when will you hear a better cast? Not in our lifetimes, I'll bet! (Though try the Opera D'Oro CD with Corelli and Sutherland.) The production values are pretty good. Orchestra is fine. Most of the cast hit most of the notes. Let's just admit that we don't have singers anymore who can perform &quot;The Night of the Seven Stars.&quot; If you want to see this opera, this is it. Okay?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, as everyone else says this is not the quaint fairy tale that Dvorak envisioned (and it is sung in sometimes garbled English), but it is an original and terribly moving evocation of a similar story--an unusual, different sort of being (a wood nymph in the original, here a young adolescent) who longs for a perfect, \"normal\" relationship and is left tragically betrayed and alone, if loved very briefly.  The staging is starkly modern and at the same time Victorian (it makes Robert Carsen's Paris production with Fleming look very derivative); the singing is always heartfelt and impressive, although Rusalka (Hannan) has a few weak moments especially in act 2.  The orchestral sound is generally good although the winds are at times strangely wobbly.  But the final effect of this version of a quintessential romantic score is a revelation of deep human meaning that most traditional productions have not touched (including the Met one).  Beautifully filmed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I enjoyed the film.  It was pretty short though and I can't help wondering if there is still film that had not been mastered with the exception of the Jimi Hendrix footage that is out.Also, I heard commentary from a few of the Mama's and Papa's that their performance was not too good, but actually hearing a few tracks from the video, there appeared there was a microphone issue with Michelle Phillips for \"California Dreamin\".  I cannot hear her at all.  I understand that all of this music was recorded onto an 8 track system, so perhaps they re-mixed her and eliminated her voice completely.  Unsure at this point.Performances were all pretty good from all artists, and surprisingly the sound recording was produced well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is for all of us who grew up in the 60s-70s era & yearn for the \"good old days\". This was when the Love Generation was in full flower, pun intended. It is a faithful rendition of that period. The best moment in the whole thing is watching Cass Elliot being blown away by Janis sitting in the first row & wowing a no-holds-barred blues classic. No one had really known of this small town Texas woman who was a one-off original & who was larger than life, & created her own Rock Opera on stage & off."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One of the best documents of the sixties and the music that affected people and society. D.A. Pennebaker who also directed Dylan's Don't Look Back and later The Rolling Stones Altamount Concert Gimme Shelter has crafted another winner. Highlights include The Who smashing their guitars, Eric Burdon and his new version of the Animals, Janice Joplin, Otis Redding and of course Jimi Hendrix with covers of Wild Thing and Dylan's Like A Rolling Stone among his heart pounded numbers. But the scene where Jimi &quot;sacrifices&quot; his guitar is the most unforgettable image left on the viewers consciousness, simply mesmerizing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The eqipment used to make this movie was only fair. HOWEVER, for good reason this my favorite. The performances of The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Otis Redding, Janis Joplin, and more, are terrific. It is quite fun to see Mama Cass's reaction to Janis Joplin's \"Ball and Chain.\" The ending of the festival is fantastic-- Ravi Shankar's group plays the longest and most wonderful raga, or whatever one would call it. Have you ever listened to some performer-- and the performance is so incredible that at the end you stand up applauding? The performance has literally pulled you out of your seat? Well Shankar's raga pulled everyone out of their seat-- even Micky Dolenz of the monkees. I have owned the video for 20 years or so, and it is by far the best 60s rock concert I have ever heard.-- Sam Yulish, author of WHERE HAVE ALL THE HIPPIES GONE and THE HESITANT PSYCHIC AND OTHER STRANGE STORIES."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Performance is HISTORIC and LEGENDARY, but... where's the DVD? I have this entire show on CD and it's one of my most widely listened to records. The Performance / Artistry goes without saying. This (Other than Live At Woodstock - which i'm still waiting for the complete Hendrix Woodstock perormance on DVD, not the crappy edited version which leaves out half the songs - other than Woodstock this is Hendrix at his film/recorded BEST. I'm gonna buy this tape right now cause' i've been wating for the DVD for 4 years and it still aint' been released."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film is the kind of film that best documents Jimi during the 60s era, along with him at Woodstock. Rare footage of Jimi at the Picadilly Circus in England gives this film, to me, great value. The introductionof the  show, started by Bill Grahmn, introducing Brian Jones, introducing the Jimi  Hendrix Experience-is unpresented. The entire set was filmed at good  angles, instead of just closeups and jerky movements. Even Jimi's stage  comments were filmed, completely. Even when &quot;Wild Thing&quot; was  played, different angles, in comparison to &quot;Monterey Pop&quot; were  viewed. You just have to buy and see this film, to see and hear those  details and highlights. Like I said, highly unpresedented. A definite  collector's item as well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was not impressed when this started: the sound is rubbish, the video quality not much better, and poor old Alice is almost falling-down drunk. Things do improve tho, and when we get to the final series of songs - Black Widow, Steven, and the incendiary School's Out, ALice is bringing the house down. I was converted. I've always loved Welcome To My Nightmare, and was stoked to see Tony Levin playing on this - although interestingly uncredited.As several others have said, for all its faults this is history in the making and it deserves its place in the rock pantheon."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This concert is one of the greatest of all time. The performance of Alice, his band, and the whole \"Nightmare\" concept is absolutely ahead of it's time, and still holds up today. Alice set the standard in theatrical rock. Sure, he was a little drunk, but so what? He still put on one hell of a show- this is pure sick and twisted theater.  Accept no substitutes. This production and concept changed the face of live rock and roll performance. So many bands and performers have copied, and been directly influenced by Alice Cooper. Even U2 used his \"movie screen\" idea in one of their stage shows.The whole \"Welcome To My Nightmare\" album is performed, along side original Cooper band classics, like \"I'm Eighteen\", and \"Billion Dollar Babies\". Recommended!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Welcome to my nightmare is a dream of a concert. Rarely does the Alice Cooper character show such emotion than the violence he portrays. Yet only women bleeds he shows his guilt and sorrow that he could treat this woman so bad. My heart actually went out to this character. Vincent Alice Cooper really showed what a great actor he really is in this concert a genius. So buy this welcome to my nightmare concert and realize what a dream to own it. The split screan technolngy will really blow your mind to.But don't take my word for it. Buy it yourselves and experience the dream yourself."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I just finished watching this DVD. IT SUCKS! I thought it was the TV Special. It was Alice Cooper's concert for the album. The video is bad. So is the audio. The cover says it's \"REMASTERED\". If this is remastered. I'd hate to see the original. If you're looking for the actual TV Special, look for the one that is under 120 minutes AND does not include his hits from the previous years as this disc does. SHAME ON RHINO FOR GIVING US THIS CRAP!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "He is simply the best performer I've ever seen and this final episode of his TV series shows his greatness and versatility: his musical range (up-tempos, r&b, rock, ballads, folk, country,...), mastery of multiple instruments including piano, guitar and harmonica; considerable skills as an impressionist and comic; astounding physical grace and dancing ability (in spite of a fatally damaged heart), and his repoire with the audience.  He got a standing ovation from the audience; you'll see why."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the best Darin DVD available - Bobby died several months after this performance.  This incredible DVD showcases better than any - and better than many of his CDs- the range of talent this man embodied.  From \"Beyond the Sea\" to \"Midnight Special,\" you get 200 percent of everything Bobby had to give. His energy in this performance is incredible, almost as if he knew it was his final. What's more, this performance had not been thoroughly rehearsed, Bobby had his oxygen sitting backstage to take hits from between songs, and if you watch closely, you'll see him working to get blood circulating through his hands. This is Bobby Darin at his cumulative best and shows what he could do with a song that no other vocalist can do."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Quite possibly the best all-around entertainer to ever step on a stage! Bobby was head-and-shoulders above his contemporaries... and others. Darin DARED! He recorded material (Dr. Doolittle; Milord, included here and, en francais, no less!) others would not even attempt and more often than not was successful, artistically if not necessarily commercially.This 4CD package represents a great cross-section of his work.A superb talent, great material, a superb package from Rhino! Superb entertainment in store for you!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having had the absolute pleasure of attending many of Bobby Darin's performances in person, as well as, being in posession of MANY of his LP's/CD's, he has proven over, and over again, to be the consummate all-around entertainer/actor/singer/musician.  Although I have been a fan of Sinatra and Sammy Davis,Jr. for many years..NONE could surpass his magnifcent artistry.  He just absolutely ran \"circles\" around EVERY great performer who has ever lived.  His untimely death on Decemmber 20, 1973 was an absolute loss to the entertainment industry....\"bar none.\"  That date will be forever etched in my heart and soul, as well as, in my mind.  Personally...that was the day \"the music died.\"  Never, in the future, will there ever be an all-around performer that could EVER come close to this phenomenal TALENT!!!!!!!  May GOD BLESS YOU, Bobby."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a huge fan of Bobby Darin but this video is just terrible. Instead of hearing Darin songs I want to hear I'm forced to hear songs like \"Bridge Over Troubled Water\" and \"Midnight Special\" might I add these songs are performed terribly. He sings Mack the knife And Beyond The Sea but he sings them boringly (is that even a word) and lame. no enthusiasm at all. I wish they would give out a tape of him in his earlier years so it would be more entertaining."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I already owned Into The Woods and was in awe of Ms. Peters' performance in it, so I purchased this. I was astounded at her performing and vocal ability, and much more astounded when I found out her age (exact words: &quot;but, she's so HOT!&quot;). Except for &quot;We're In The Money&quot;, all the songs and/or performances are wonderful (some of the songs were only made interesting by her rendition). Also, if anyone who heard she will be playing Madame Rose in Gypsy is doubting her ability to play the role, they ought to see her rendition of &quot;Some People&quot; on this video."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bernadette Peters remains one of the most striking performers on the musical stage, with a palpable presence reaching for miles. This concert features some of her old gems (&quot;Unexpected Song&quot; &quot;Raining in  My Heart&quot; &quot;Time Heals Everything&quot;), a wonderful selection of  Sondheim songs, a radiant joy, and a self-assured sense of humor (Too bad  &quot;making love alone&quot; wasn't on the video). &quot;Hello Little  Girl&quot; is perhaps the only weak moment in the show for my tastes, but  cannot even begin to dampen my enthusiasm for Ms. Peters's delightful  abilities."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Frankly I'm at a loss why some previous commentators have come down so harshly on this performance.  There are very few really good videos of Gilbert and Sullivan available on video and this is one of those.  The staging is imaginative, the production, acting, singing and dancing are all excellent and great fun (Maureen Forrester is wonderful as the Queen of the Faeries!)  I encourage anyone who enjoys G&S; to see this.For my money, here are the really good videos of G&S; to watch:1. Mikado (Stratford)2. Iolanthe (Stratford)3. HMS Pinafore (D'Oyly Carte) (truncated & hard to find but worth it)4. Pirates of Penzance (Australian Opera)all other videos are a mixed bag and of varying quality (avoid the Eric Idle performance of Mikado at all costs)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well, I thought I was a fan of The Shadow radio shows from the 1930's.  I've heard a bunch, and own a bunch, and in this box set here's only two I've heard before--\"Prelude to Terror,\" about a loony who concocts exploding light bulbs and plants them in strategic buildings. [..] then there's \"Reflection of Death,\" about a mirror from Inferno itself--or is it now?  Many of these feature Bill Johnstone as the Shadow, and believe me, he may have been the best of any of the men who played that role.  Each man brought his own flair to the role. the one I like least is kid Orson Welles, who hadn't yet panicked America and made his name forever. When these shows were made, he was still riding by ambulance from show to show--no joke, he did just that.  This is money well spent."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you want to sing and dance with Barney, well...this is the one for you. It's a marvelous video, and when we put the film on for our two year old twin girls, they know just about everything that's on it.  From \"Down on Grampa's Farm,\" to \"Mr. Sun,\" to \"Me and My Teddy,\" to the dancing of \"Baby Hop Bop,\" it's a wonderful adventure.  And to see Barney dance around- it's incredible to think he's so animated, but that's what the secret of this Barney character is.  Just for kids, and this video has the new and the older children who are re-united in all their glory and memories.  It's a great video, and highly recommended!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First, let me start off by saying, I bought this DTS DVD before I even had the surround speakers, and I wouldn't watch it until I got it all set up.  It was worth the wait!  If you like Tina, and even if you don't (this will  change your mind) and you want to see an incredible concert DVD get this!  Tina is amazing.  Her version of Proud Mary rocks, and it is hands down the  best song &amp; dance routine I have ever seen!  Her dancers are  outstanding and have to give their all to keep up with Tina.  It's like Tae  Bo x 10!  Also, her musicians rock the house.  Get it, you'll enjoy it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you ever wonder how a 60 year old soul/pop/rock star can still draw the attention of 150000 fans, then buy this dvd.  Tina is pure showwomanship pouring energy and sympathy over a raving dutch crowd. The director keeps  our attention focused on the whole setting and leaves us wanting for more.  The Greatest Hits format of the concert is wonderful and the sound quality  is great!  Also note the lip synch that the stage screen and live Tina  accomplish in River Deep, Mountain High and the coreography involved in the  Goldeneye number. Great dvd, BUY IT!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I read the reviews on Amazon.com and bought it (DVD) on the strength of the ratings. It is, without dispute, the best concert I have ever seen. We have a 63&quot; big screen and a full digital pro-logic system. I felt like  I was there! &quot;Missing You&quot;, on the DVD is spellbinding as are  most songs. The musicians are extreme professionals and the dancers did not  miss a beat. If you can only have ONE concert DVD, this is the one to have!  It is crisp, flawless and breathtaking. I thought I knew her music, now I  don't know if she could beat this one. It's like Michael Jackson's  &quot;Thriller&quot;...one of a kind, never repeated in it's intensity. Get  it!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I will try to be as bried/concise as possible:&quot;Live in Amsterdam: Wildest Dreams Tour - DTS DVD&quot; is one of the best DVDs ever released. The sound quality and 5.1 channel mix is truly amazing.Listen to how the whole stadium sings along with Tina while performing &quot;Simply the Best&quot;. It gives you a true feeling of a live concert. Just close your eyes and imagine yourself at the stadium...watchng this legendary performer act for you...just for you.I can't stop watching this concert over and over. If you are a true Tina fan or just like good quality music, YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS DVD! Now we are waiting for the final Tina Turner Video Music Compilation 1991-2003 exceptionally in DTS sound !I wish there was a regulation or something forcing the DVD manufacturers produce their music DVDs in DTS sound only."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a big Tina Turner fan who personally thinks she sounds better on record, than live.  This concert is enjoyable, but after awhile her voice is annoying because she tends to scream.  Tina has a good voice, but not great, in my opinion.  Her studio recordings have always sounded better probably because she can do them again and again until she gets them perfect. Concerts don't allow such luxuries.This DVD is available in a 5.1 surround sound version, or DTS version.  I have the 5.1 surround DVD and it is more than adequate.  I have to ask why the concert wasn't filmed in widescreen to give the viewer more of a feel for the concert.The DVD also includes a lengthy interview with Tina where she discusses each track of the then new album &quot;Wildest Dreams&quot;.  The interview, while promotional based, is very enjoyable and contains video excerpts for each album track."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm watching this right now on the \"Gospel Music Channel\" - Al and his band sound great... and he is (or was) utterly & completely full of crap. The music reminds one of what true talent is - REAL, skilled musicians & singers, as opposed to manufactured \"stars.\" Unfortunately, the interview footage reveals Rev. Al to be as hypocritical and in denial as many other evangelical preachers. The dichotomy between sex and God that engulfed his life, as well as others such as Sam Cooke and Marvin Gaye, leads him to actually question whether or not the \"grits & suicide\" incident even took place... ultimately, this film leads me to see him as a talented, and VERY troubled man."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Unfortunately there is not a lot of Neil Diamond available on video. Greatest Hits Live is rather hit and miss. Filmed before a small audience at the Aquarius Theatre in Los Angeles in 1988 it appears that Diamond was just going through the motions.The performance, while it does include some of his best work, seems oddly disconnected and lifeless. The mix is adequate but nothing special. There are times when the camera cuts to a member of the band and you can't really hear the instrument he is playing.I have seen Mr. Diamond twice before and I know that there are better performances out there. The song selection could have been boosted to add some more of the classics.All in all you need to take what you can get but this DVD is disappointing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A mixture of several of his hits.  There are some omissions such as \"Be\" (from Jonathan Livingston Seagull) and \"Holly Holy\", but it includes several of my favorites, such as \"America\", \"Sweet Caroline\", \"I Am I Said\", and \"Brother Love's Traveling Salvation Show\" (I still wonder if that song is meant to mock Christianity or rather to paint the picture of an old tent revival).I will say that I prefer Diamond's vocals on the Beatles tribute than the original."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "OMG, I finally received the first part of my order today. It took more than a month for it to arrive but as soon as I got it,  I put it on I could not stop crying. I felt just like the little girl I used to be watching him on TV while screaming and crying. I still can not believe MJ is no longer with us. Get this DVD you will no be disappointed! It's so clear the videos chosen are perfecto. I just wish that it wasn't a two sided disc so I dont have to flip the disc over for the rest. Nevertheless, MJ will live in film & history forever. I am so grateful to be able to obtain this collection my only regret is that I didn't get it years ago."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This package was released sometime after the 1997 release of Michael Jackson's BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR album. There is a video for BOTDF in this package. I just love SCREAM. That video features MJ's sister Janet,who's freaky like her brother. Take note of two censorships when the video is seen on MTV or VH1. The second word of the quoted line in SCREAM that goes &quot;stop f---ing with me&quot; is muted and also during that,Janet &quot;flips the digit&quot; which is blurred. Sorry,they're just following FCC regulations. No MJ fan should be without this package unless he/she chooses not to."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Michael Jackson - History on Film, Vol. 2This is a beautiful tribute to a part of Michael Jackson's career. He hand picked each piece and made it for his fans to cherish.  He took his God given gifts and fine tuned them into the magnificent King of Pop that will live forever as long as we continue to play his music and watch his videos. He captured our hearts because his own heart was bigger than any person I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. His music and dancing will live on forever as long as we listen to his songs and watch his short films. I don't want the world to forget this beautiful creature who took the basics of entertaining and catapulted them into the moves we've been attempting to copy for years. He was a wonderful Father, a Fabulous Entertainer and One of a kind; and he was my friend. I miss you Michael."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this DVD for my Grandson who is 6 because he likes MJ's stage moves and energy. I don't mind him watching talented entertainers like MJ and i will not expose him to untalented phoney so called performers of the day in which unfortunatley there are too many. If you can't sing and you must talk in time to the same base beat don't call it singing please. I have heard too many singing live on TV that were off key and flat and just awful or use a voice synthesiser aid to help them cover up their lack of talent. Thank God for real talent like Elvis and Michael Jackson we can see entertainment at its best. There are some duds on this DVD but when MJ is on he is really on and all other entertainers of today pale in comparison. Elvis, Michael rest in peace knowing there are no others like you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "While Jackson's ego as the &quot;King of Pop&quot; has folded over recent years, his legacy lives in this compilation of his videos and performances. With the advent of DVD, Jackson's fans will get to see and hear the great  quality of his performances and music finally. Two videos on this  compilation are worth seeing. The first, &quot;Liberian Girl,&quot; is a  beautiful ballad, and the celebrity-filled video is one of Jacko's rarely  seen videos. The other, &quot;Scream,&quot; which was the most expensive  video ever made has Michael and his sister, Janet, in a futuristic  spaceship setting, that was beautifully directed by Music Video guru Mark  Romanek (Madonna's &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; was also his work). Forget the  scandals and his wierd habits, and buy this coolection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Michael Jackson is a Musical Genius&He has Changed the Landscape of Popular Music twice.  He opened so many doors to so many Acts that this Man can never fully ever be compensated for his overall Impact.  His Videos are the Reason for the \"M\" that goes into MTV&any other video channel period. MJ always Brought the Spectacular to the Screen. for My Money He was the Last Great Act to Appear at the Super Bowl&there isn't anything on the Horizon that is gonna Touch His Magnitude. the many forms of Creativity that the Genus of Michael Jackson displays is Incredible.  this Soul Brother Should be Treated as American Royality Period. He is a Civi Rights Leader to me. His Videos touched so Many Lives the World over&beyond. 8-88 Everybody Knows this Man. the Power of His Music, the Power of His Vision, the Power of Pressence. Everybody that comes after Him, eats at his Musical Table&off His Musical Plate&overall Stylings. Props always to the King of POP!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow! After watching all of MJ DVDs, I now know why Michael is the greatest entertainer who ever lived or will ever live. No one even comes close to his level of artistry. And each of these videos is a masterpeice. Childhood, Stranger in Moscow, Smooth Criminal and Earth Song are just astounding. You can watch them again and again and never get tired of them...they're candy for your eyes. You just don't see many vidoes on this caliber. And the MTV video music award performance is unparalleled. Would highly recommend this!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was the very first video I saw by Ozzy Osbourne.  I really liked it from the start, but it seems to get better and better every time I watch it.  This video shows Ozzy and his band performing in a few different shows.  I think it's interesting to see more than one concert.  The songs are great, the ones that were chosen are the very best from his career.  The band performs well and Ozzy's voice is excellent.  There is also Ozzy performing Black Sabbath with the original members from that band.  It's neat to see them all together again.  This is one of my very favorite videos, regardless of type.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Until a DVD is released with footage from the Randy Rhodes era I could care less about ANYTHING else that's released on OZZY. There may be a good song here and there (& not to bash Zack, Jake E. & whoever else) but to me Ozzy without Randy is irrelevant. This, of course, excludes Sabbath. I have a VHS of the \"After Hours show\", excellent video but only mono sound, so I would LOVE a professional 5.1 or 6.1 release of it. I also have several bootleg concert VHSs and in at least one of them (Japan - Budokan I think) professional cameras can be seen. So the footage is out there.Ozzy...what's the problem??"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This supposed concert video is nothing but a collection of nonsense pre-concert, backstage, and audience garbage video. It shows 2 second clips of actual \"live\" band footage intermixxed with camera shots bouncing all over the place. A real concert video is just that, a live video of a band on stage playing their songs. Thank GOD I bought a cheap VHS version. I never even watched the whole thing. If you want to see a real show check out Iron Maiden's Rock In Rio or Primal Fear's The History Of Fear. This crap wouldn't be worth watching if it was sent to you for free!!!! I can't imagine Ozzy ever saw this and approved its release."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I LOVE Ozzy Osbourne.He is awesome live.He has one of the best stage presences in metal.But this DVD is not a real concert.What this is the music from the Live and Loud CD played in the background played over a bunch of crappy video footage.Half of it doesn't even belong here.The music is great,but the video footage is what messes this up.If you want a real Ozzy concert,buy &quot;Live At Budokan&quot;.If you want to get the REAL concert this was taken from,buy the CD.Also,The DVD does NOT have instant chapter access like the case says so.Plus,the DVD is two sided.This means that you have to flip it over in the middle of the concert."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Once upon a time, say somewhere between 1994 and 1997, I'm convinced that OASIS truly was the meanest, biggest and bleedin' greatest band alive. They held the world in their hands and threw it on a roller coaster ride, of which a piece is caught in this video. Noel Gallagher had the talent of 100 years of composers together, Liam had enough charisma for a millennium. Yes, it was there and then and today's Oasis perhaps only have the shell left ot these days - but it doesn't really matter, since the wonders this band made during these years (perfectly sumaried in this video) is enough for a thousand lifetimes. Even if they won't live forever, this will!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The British Music Hall possessed a very strong unifying / communal experience component .... a real jolly sing-a-long to help the masses to temporarily escape the  shortcomings of their often very difficult lives. This outstanding concert by what is undoubtedly the greatest living pop/rock band in the world nobily takes the British Music Hall outside under a contemporary sky. Oasis tunes are for the masses ...... are played for the masses .... and arethoroughly embrassed by the masses. The music on this disc is, simply, infectious .... you can not help becoming involved. It reaches deep in the the social friendly part of your soul and places you in the joyous company of your social and cultural peers in celebration of the moment and all that is good in life. Carry on lads."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Being in America, seeing OASIS {The best band in the world} live is a rare treat.  However after I bought this one, I can see them live whenever I want.  This is rock and roll at its best, and Oasis know how to put on a show. This DVD does not have any special features on it.  That is its only flaw. I wish FAMILURE TO MILLIONS would come to DVD cos, I want to hear the new songs and see it LIVE.. OASIS RULES&gt;&gt; I LOVE OASIS"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "not bad in terms of seeing the bad boys of boston behind the scenes in the studio but bad in terms of dvd entertainment - no special features, no menu, there isn't even any artwork on the disc.I think I speak on behalf of most Aerosmith fans when I say that the record company needs to release an Aerosmith concert on DVD for us. They must be the only band in the world that don't have a live concert to buy whenever you walk into a virgin megastore or a wallmart! It's frustrating! They should have even released an &quot;OH YEAH! GREATEST VIDEO HITS&quot; to coincide with the CD &amp; the dvd could have had special features to make up for the songs without videos - for example big ten inch live, dream on live, etc. Surely this would have been more exciting to us fans than this!!No wonder Aerosmith don't get the recognition they deserve if you cant even buy a concert or video compilation on DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having never seen rage against the machine perform live, this is the closest I will see to that. The performances at concerts and festivels are energetic. and makes me wish that I had gotten the oppurtunity to see the band perform live. The video gives you the oppurtunity to see rage against the machine in action doing what they do best which was peforming live.The videos from their first two albums add a lot. With a lot of videos, your never got a change to see them on TV so it's a great chance to see their work with the visuals that the band added."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love RATM. I was at the Irvine Meadows concert shown in this video - unfortunately, that one is the worst of the ones shown. It was a great show, but it's just poor quality. Part of that is because it's at night,  but it also seems kind of poor anyway. The other shows are pretty good, but  the video has flaws. The video collection is cool though, although the ones  from the first album are basically just Rage live, they're awesome."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Included on this DVD is footage from two concerts, two appearances on television's \"Austin City Limits.\" I thought this was easily the best of the three Stevie Ray concert tapes (DVDs) I've seen. All of them are good, however.Most of this is from the 1989 concert but I enjoyed the three songs from the '83 concert the most. They seemed to be the most intense and the most impressive. The latter adjective mainly describes his work on \"Voodoo Chile.\" To my knowledge, Vaughan is the only guitarist to successfully imitate the late-and-great Jimi Hendrix. (Although SRV's vocals aren't as good.)After 40-some minutes of rocking blues and rock, there is a change-of-pace and beautifully done jazz instrumental called \"Riviera Paradise.\" Featured on that piece is keyboard player, \"Reese Wynans,\" who does an outstanding job.This is a feel-good, great music and most of it would make for a good aerobic-workout music, too."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Stevie Ray's first appearance was in 1983, along with Tommy Shannon on bass guitar, and Chris Layton on the drums (Double Trouble). There are 3 songs from that show, on this dvd: Pride & Joy, Texas Flood, and Voodoo Chile. Stevie Ray's 2nd appearance was in 1989. This time he had added Reese Wymans on keyboards, to the band Double Trouble (containing Tommy & Chris).I like both appearances, but I like the 1989 appearance the best. The songs include:1.The House is a Rockin' (This is written in large letters, on top of the front doors, at the Hard Rock Cafe in Houston, also they have a big replica of one of his guitars, mounted and revolving on top of the Hard Rock Cafe Houston.)2.Tightrope3.Leave my Girl Alone4.Cold Shot5.Crossfire6.Riviera Paradise7.Tick Tock8.Litte Wing (bonus video, showing legendary blues guitarist, and the manufacturing of guitars).Thanks!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Stevie Ray Vaughan was one awesome guitar player and underatted singer. The footage of the two concerts is a joy to watch. The second concert is a little better because it feature the talents of keyboardist, Reese Wynas who is a perfect foil for Stevie.However, this video should be so much longer. It clocks in at a mere 63 minutes and features three songs from one concert, six from another, the closing credits, and video clips of great guitarists with Little Wing playing in the background. All these scene changes are disruptive to the viewer. Also, more songs are needed. Nothing from the Soul to Soul record.Whereas Stevie Ray was a blue ribbon talent, I am sure there are more comprehensive concerts feature this late legend."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I first discovered Stevie on Austin City Limits. I was just blown away by his playing and singing.  I don't think I have ever viewed such a passionate player - Body and Soul.  There is not one wrong note -- it's complete bliss.  I was lucky enough to see him about four months before he passed, and it was the most fantastic musical experience of my life.  I remember it like it was last week.  He played with everything he had and it was beautiful.  I've been listening to him for years and I never get tired of him."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I purchased this DVD for my father. He is a big Stevie Ray fan and had recorded the Austin City Limits \"outtakes\" from these two shows a few years ago. He watches this tape constantly, so I figured that the real show would be quite good too. The set from the first show is great! It is the \"old\" Stevie. Great songs, great sound quality. The second performance isn't as good. The songs were not as recognizable and the sound just wasn't that good. It was quite muffled actually! I'm not sure why the quality dropped off between the two shows but it was pretty distracting. My father and I watched the video together and both commented about how it didn't sound good. Maybe it was just the DVD I got."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I used to have this on VHS and was ecstatic when the DVD came out.  Although the VHS was itself not the entire show at Great Woods (which is what we really want), nonetheless, what we got was terrific.  But it's just a travesty what happened on the way to the DVD editing room.  It's all chopped up with interviews interrupting the solos, truncated and/or missing songs.  It's so irritating that I will never view it again.  Now, if this show (with Warren, Allen, Dickey, Greg, Marc, Butch and Jaimoe) were re-released without the horrible edits it would be a \"must have\".Until then - avoid it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film, shot in Texas in June of 1995, features a whole host of talented musicians.  The littany of names is enthralling.  Buddy Guy, B.B. King, Bonnie Raitt, Jimmy Vaughan, Robert Cray and Eric Clapton, who was  nominated for best male rock performance in 1997 at the Grammys for his  performance.  Each musician performs his own incredible piece and the film  also includes each performer's reflections on Stevie and all culminating to  an incredible blues guitar jam with each musician having a solo.  Filled  with beautiful slides, riffs and solos and heartfelt thoughts each artist  pays tribute to Stevie Ray Vaughan in his own way. A befitting tribute to a  once in a life time bluesman."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Released at the advent of the dvd revolution, &#34;James Taylor Live at the Beacon Theatre&#34; still stands as one of the best live dvds available, capturing a master songwriter at the top of his game.Taylor captivates the legendary New York venue for nearly two hours, performing a wide range of classic songs throughout his career, spanning from his earliest records to his then most recent recordings from his 1997 Grammy winning release, &#34;Hourglass.&#34; Classics like &#34;Fire and Rain,&#34; &#34;Handy Man,&#34; and &#34;You've Got a Friend&#34; are sung with the same care and ease that made them classics in their original form, and the new stuff is more than strong enough to hold its own against such longtime favorites.Taylor's voice is as smooth as ever, and his band is fantastic, aided no doubt by the sound and picture quality, which makes you feel like you're right there. &#34;Live at the Beacon Theatre&#34; is a must have dvd for all music fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you're one of the milllions of people who think James Taylor is all about \"Fire & Rain\" you should probably buy his greatest hits, 'cause this one ain't for you. BUT (and that's a very strong but) If you want to see an artist who is versitle, intelligent funny and just damn good, then you need to get this DVD. Every track in this concert is solid, from the classics like \"Mexico\" & \"Steamroller Blues\" To the new tracks like \"Jump Up Behind Me\" and \"Ananas\". Let me tell you.. There is not a dull moment during this concert, and I enjoy it every time I watch. It's a must have for any music lover. And for the masses whom I addressed earlier, \"Fire & Rain\" is there too and it's as good as ever."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "James Taylor is such a brilliant songwriter, singer and performer, and he is one one of the few artists who has remained on top year after year. I am not speaking about the charts and selling the most records, but about performance. Listen (and look) to this excellent performance! All the classic songs are here, some of them sounding even better than on the original recordings. The musicians are in good mood and totally inspired by James and his songs. The perfect DVD when you need inspiration! (...)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "James Taylor and his absolutely KILLER Band tear the roof off of the Beacon Theatre in NYC. Not an easy feat by any stretch of the imagination.  What is even more incredible is the fact that longtime JT drummer Carlos Vega, committed suicide the week before this show was taped. Carlos was an incredible talent and may he rest in peace. JT called on an old friend who was definitely up for the task of learning the 30+ song set. Mr. Steve Jordan does a marvelous job with all of JT's classics as well as his newer material. His band is top notch as well! Buy this DVD, you won't be dissappointed!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Nothing compares to being at a live JT performance. I have been going to James Taylor concerts for YEARS, and it's almost scary how his voice just gets better and better and more smooth. He never disappoints. His backup singers (especially the phenomenal Arnold McCuller) are the best, the band is wonderful.So if you've never been to one of JT's concerts, this cd gives you a taste, and believe me, you'll want more. If you have been, no matter if you've been 100 times, then you'll happily re-live the experience every time you watch this DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I never, I repeat never tire of James Taylor's voice. There's nothing that soothes the nerves like the mellifluous tones from this master. As you can tell, I really love James Taylor's music and have been a fan for years. I  recently attended a concert of his and it was great.Concerning this  disc, the songs are performed to perfection with super audio and video  quality. You really get the sense you're there in the audience. His backup  singers are superb. There's even one number where one backup singer steals  the show!Lyric captioning is provided so you can sing along to his  songs. I wish all music DVDs had on-screen lyrics. My wife and I love to  sing along with our favorite performances. Surprisingly, this feature is  missing from many music DVD titles.If you are a James Taylor fan in the  slightest, you'll want this disc in your collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Arguably the better of the two DVD's available for James Taylor, &quot;Live at Beaconsfield&quot; is an impressive showcase of JT's career. It has a high re-watch factor, and both soundtracks (PCM or 5.1) are worth a listen.  If you have a good surround sound system, you will honestly feel like you are there.  It's that good!There are over 20 songs to watch and listen, which make it worth every penny.  A music DVD that is a must in your collection.  Add the impressive picture sharpness, and you have a real winner."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When funding for school music classes were being cut all over the country people kind of brushed it off as a non-necessity.  Studies prooved that many kids prosper in other academic subjects when taking a music class.  Art should be available for all kids in school as well as sports.  This benefit concert brought awareness to that.  Mariah, Celine, Gloria & Shania all appeard to support the cause.  And of course Ms. Aretha Franklin.  The performnaces were great.  Carol King was brought out as a special guest of Celine Dion.  The best part of the show was when the diva's sang You've Got A Friend and Natural Woman.  This show sounds even better with the 5.1 sound."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Celine Dion is definitely the biggest highlight from the first ever Divas Live. Her solo performances of River Deep, Mountain High and My Heart Will Go On are impeccable. Everyone agrees that her My Heart Will Go On performance on this show is one of her best and most memorable yet. She also does The Reason with Carole King. Shania Twain performing Man!I Feel Like A Woman! and You're Still The One also contributes to making this show better than it would have been with incredibly mediocre Gloria Estefan, incredibly annoying Mariah Carey, and incredibly over hyped Aretha Franklin. MARIAH CAREY IS NOT A GREAT SINGER!!!!!!!!It was awesome to see Celine rightfully upstage Aretha in the finale. Classic. Aretha may be the Queen Of Soul(ick) but Celine Dion is the Queen of ALL singers! The Canadians rule the day here, folks!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've been a fan of Gloria Estefan for years and have purchased and enjoyed many of her audio CDs.  This is the first DVD I have purchased and it is truly disappointing.  The music was wonderful, but the productions were terrible.  To me it took on the look of one big strobe light!  There were so many flashing lights in the backgrounds, foregrounds, above, below, from helicopters that most of the images were washed out and appeared overexposed and ghost-like.  Certainly not flattering to someone as attractive as Gloria.  Too bad, but this one is going to be discarded.  If you're over the age of 15 and appreciate good entertainment, then you're wasting your time with this DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This DVD is absolutely incredible and possesses one of the best images I've seen on a music DVD so far. The musical content is magical as Gloria Estefan takes us through her journey as a dance diva with 12 of her  greatest and latest videos including &quot;Oye&quot; &quot;Heavens what I  feel&quot; &quot;Don't Stop&quot; &quot;Turn the beat around&quot;  &quot;You'll be Mine (Party time)&quot; &quot;I'm not giving you up&quot;  &quot;Higher&quot; &quot;Everlasting Love&quot; all ranging from the years  94 - 98, 5 of these videos are taken from her already multi platinum  release &quot;gloria!&quot;. It also takes us behind the scenes of her  recent promotional tour of the album with a look at rehearsals for such  shows as VH1 diva's live and The world music awards. The DVD has also been  nominated for a Grammy for best long form music video at this years (2000)  ceremony. A must have and worthy addition to your DVD collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As many others have mentioned, this video is a behind the scenes look at the \"Yield\" album recording sessions.Each member shares something different, whether talking about the band's approach to the album or how the band has changed over the years, or their personal views on the band or music in general.  The performance sections sound great, and nearly every song on the album is performed (at least in part).Yield is my favorite album so seeing the creative process behind it is very cool.  Input from each member is represented fairly equally, and you can see a kind of \"rebirth\" happening during the making of that album.Before \"Pearl Jam Twenty\" was released, this was really the only footage of its kind showing the creative process within the band, but for me this video has a uniquely intimate feel, as if you were in the studio with them rather than just seeing footage of the band recording.  Definitely would recommend this for all Pearl Jam fans, especially if you love Yield!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Since I became a fan of Alice in Chains shortly AFTER Layne had died I was pretty much screwed in hearing or even seeing him perform. But after I spotted this sweet DVD hiding in a music store I just couldn't resist buying this to see Alice in Chains acoustic. Oh sure it might not have any power but by making there songs acoustic I could feel the powerful emotions running from this concert. Starting from Nutshell all the way to Killer is Me. There were some songs that were great but the way I see it is the exceptional ones are Brother, Would, Rooster, Sludge Factory and Frogs. Especially Would? because when I saw and heard this song I was remembering how strong he used to be and I saw him struggling...Overall this CD is AWESOME"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Being a casual fan of Alice in Chains and a major fan of grunge, I bought this DVD on a bit of a whim, not really knowing what to expect. Let me just tell you I was blown away.Listening to their other songs, I can say that the unplugged renditions they give here are their best ever. For all their musical talent, some of their production sometimes seemed to be lacking, with either the vocals or instruments being drowned out. In this performance, everything seems to blend together so perfectly it seems odd to hear the non-acoustic versions of these songs.If you were thinking about getting one of their CDs, I suggest you try this DVD first. Skip the CD version of this album, because actually seeing them perform completely changes the experience. Now, 2 years after the death of Layne Staley, this beautiful music is more important than ever."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been listening to these boys for years but honestly I had never seen them.  To see them doing many of their hits live was more of a thrill than I had imagined.  They are so talented and quite a charasmatic presense on stage.  Jerry and Layne harmonize together flawlessly.  The drums on &quot;No Excuses&quot; are perfect as well as the opening bass line for &quot;Would?&quot;It is sad in a sense to watch Layne because of his untimely death but his creative talents will live forever in this concert.Many times in the concert the band members talk to the audience and as I said before many of their best songs are played.This is a must for ANY Alice in Chains fan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I had the pleasure of seeing AIC on tour with Van Hagar (Halen) in 1991. They blew Van Hagar's door's off! Their shear talent, energy and musicianship were totally inspiring. I went there to see Van Hagar and emerged a lifetime AIC fan. No one has ever better coupled together brooding rock melody with power-chord virtuosity than AIC. Sadly, no one now will. Layne was a one-of-a-kind vocalist, both inspired and tormented by his inner demons and probably, like Cobain before him, hopelessly destined for his ultimate fate. Jerry continues to play and record admirably, but a major piece of him obviously died that fateful day in 2002.It is disconcerting that there are currently so many AIC-derivative bands making a shameless living off of unconvincingly replicating AIC's sound. Inspiration is one thing; sheer plagerism is quite another. Good luck, Jerry; R.I.P. Layne."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love Alice in Chains.  I literally grew up on them.  This show just captures the essence of what Alice IS, to be honest.  Layne's little blooper on 'Sludge Factory' was a nice reminder that celebs are people, too, they're not perfect.  And I'm not one to cry at songs...but 'Nutshell' had me sobbing almost immediately.  If you don't have this DVD, you're really missing out.  It's probably my favorite DVD of all time."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As a fellow fan of AIC, I treasure this honest and humble acoustic concert among Facelift and Dirt. It's one thing listening to that cringing voice of Layne's, but to watch them in action, it nearly made me cry. He looked awful, and it's a shame that such a talented soul had to die, especially in the manner that he did. This concert, however, is worth every penny that you have to pay. This is a must-watch for any true fan of grunge/metal/hard rock and they still make a statement on soft acoustic. Jerry Cantrell and Layne Staley's harmonies are great, and the atmosphere is so approachable and laid-back, as Layne sits on a stool and takes a whiff of a cigarette. Watch it and prepare to be moved."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you like music of the Strauss family, this is a superb concert with great sound from 1987. The concert lasts about 90 minutes, with very few  interruptions between pieces. The camera is mostly on the orchestra and  conductor (who looks like he is on his last legs) and the playing is  incredibly beautiful.  Kathleen Battle is on stage for the &quot;Voices of  Spring&quot; waltz and has a perfect coloratura for the part.  The sound on  the DVD is great and the program notes are good too.  This is a definite  buy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "January 1st, 2006Every New Year's Day when I view this superb DVD of the VPO and Karajan at their most musicianly ways, I am impressed by the ebb, flow, and hesitancy which is the way the music of the Strausses should be played.A conductor friend of mine who studied in Vienna and was conductor of an orchestra in Lvov said that Karajan and the VPO in this recording got it RIGHT!Especially entrancing is the music accompanying the horses from the Spanish Riding School and Karjan's darling, Kathleen Battle, doing a fine rendition of the Voices of Spring.The stage is sumptuously decked out in what seem to be all of the fresh flowers in Vienna and one gets the sense that this was a real event because the maestro died only two years later.I highly recommend this DVD and it will give YOUR New Year's Day something special to remember it by.Timothy Wingate  OTTAWA  CANADA"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There are always strong opinions about almost everything Karajan recorded, both on CD and DVD and whether or not you like him as a conductor ... or a video director.  This late video shows the maestro in his last years.  It shows his feelings about the music after the wear of his years, in a setting where he is in complete control ... his favorite position.  The orchestra plays beautifully.  The video is fine.  If you have strong feelings about Karajan (pro or con) you can forget them in this instance.  This is a great recording."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Many critics find the CD of this performance to be one of Karajan's worst, but I fail to fathom why.  Perhaps having the visual as well as aural changes the perception.  This is a stunning work.  The choral arrangements  are the strongest I have ever heard, not watered down like on Norrington's  9th.  Being able to see the singers makes the perception that much better.  I hope that in the future all classical music is recorded in this format.  It could certainly help pick up the lagging sales in the market.  It could  also revolutionize pop recordings, as artists could release an audio album  complete with accompanying videos.  This is where the Sony/Philips SACD  could really make an impact: artists could release a single disc which  would allow CD play of the music in cars, on portable stereos, etc., and  also allow audio and video in a home theater system.  Let's hope the  industry catches on!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "With so many versions of Vivaldi's Four Seasons, and after listening them so many times, I asked myself if it's something I still don't know or heard. This version gave me the answer. Compared with this version, the  others seem weak, superflous, ambiance music to entertain bored monarchs.  With Karajan and Ann-Sophie Mutter, Vivaldi regains power, character and  now is music to be listened with attention to all the interesting details  that make this version the best one I ever heard. Listen (and see) the  violas in Summer's 3rd, the powerful bass in Autum 3rd while Karajan,  sitting by an extra cembalo, improvises some chords. A must-have for all  music lovers."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"The Four Seasons\" is probably one of the most famous and widely played symphony in the world. This version is beautifully shot and the sound quality is superb. Mr. Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic are in excellent form. It's always a treat watching Mr. Karajan conduct and play the harpischord. Reminding us how great composers like Beethoven did both in their days. Anne-Sophie Mutter's playing is both heavenly and flawless...and I'm a cellist!  This performance is like a wonderful bottle of Cabernet - very solid. Just perfect for a relaxing evening at home. It's great to have this version on dvd as testament to the growth and talent of Ms. Mutter.  Mutter's 1999 collaboration of \"The Four Seasons\" with the Trondheim Soloists is more energetic & uptempo. Mutter plays with a little more abandon. Unfortunately, the 1999 rendition is cd only and not available on dvd yet."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Performances:Butterfly Intro/Emotions+10/10A really good openingFantasy(featuring ODB)10/10another good performanceDreamlover 10/10great performanceMy All 9/10good, but incomplete, the complete version is betterI still believe+10/10one of her bestI'll Be There(feat. Trey Lorenz)9/10Trey messed up, Mariah was greatHopelessley Devoted to you(feat.Olivia-Newton-John)10/10another one of her bestWhenever you call(feat.Brian McKnight)+10/10another great performanceHoney 10/10another one of her bestHERO ++++++++10/10THE BEST PERFORMANCE,IT PUT ME IN TEARS, I JUST LOVED IT!!!!!!!VIDEOS:BUTTERFLY:+10/10one of her best videosBREAKDOWN:++10/10my favorite Mariah song, and my favorite videoTHE ROOF:10/10cool song, one of her best videosMY ALL:9/10it's a great song, but they should have not put it on this DVD, because it was already on the 1's DVD,they should have put Honey or one of her old videos(i.e. Emotions,Dreamlover,Vision of Love)OVERALL THIS DVD WAS GREAT AND IT IS WORTH YOUR MONEY PLEASE BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "We did when we bought all those Mariah albums.  I think we deserve better when it comes to Mariah performances on Dvd.  I mean they still haven't released The First Vision on dvd yet I don't think they ever will.  This concert has so much bad editing.  Let her sing one song all the way through at least once.  The only reason I gave this dvd five stars is because of the exclusive music videos.  The Roof and Breakdown are classic.  Swimming with the dolphins was also very cute."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Love it! I ordered it monday evening, and received it on saturday. The only thing I didnt like was when i selected \"play all videos\", for some reason it didnt play Valentine Girl. It was like it wasnt even on the dvd. It just skipped right over it. Maybe it had something to do with my dvd player, i dont know. But overall i love it :) and my 8 year old brother was dancing to it and watched it with me. He doesnt even know who they are and he loved it hahaha :)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "In 1994 Tony Bennett reestablished himself as an icon for the MTV generation. He appeared on the network's Unplugged in support of his new albums Perfectly Frank and Steppin' Out. In so doing he endeared himself to a new generation of fans and received critical attention the likes of which is usually reserved for new rock stars.This disc is a record of the show. Bennett accompanied by the Ralph Sharon Trio perform twenty-one classics from the great American songbook all done in Bennett's cool sinature style. Highlights include a truly unplugged Fly Me To the Moon, It Had to Be You, Rags to Riches, and the signature I Left My Heart in San Francisco. The disc includes duets with Elvis Costello and k.d. Lang.With a run time of only 72 minutes the disc gives the audience a chance to experience one of the world's great entertainers and leaves them wanting more. This disc would also serve as a great introduction for new fans. The disc is presented in fullscreen with Dolby Surround sound."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I guess as you get older, tastes change.  I bought this cd years back when I saw Tony on Mtv, and now I can't stop listening to it.  What I like is how real and how genuine the songs are, as well as how real Mr. Cool aka Tony Bennett is himself.  This guy rocks.  Lots of personality and one heck of a voice, you won't find a more natural and talented performer than TB.  This disc is full of classics so you can't go wrong.  Nice mix of tempo in terms of upbeat songs and ballads, plus the cool guests stop in to put their spin on the material.  Top notch musicians as well.INSTANT CLASSIC"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is really the politics of mass rock concerts that is on center stage in this film.  The locals on the island are revealed to be completely out of touch right wing nuts.  And large elements of the crowd become organized into left-wing activism against the seemingly inept and exploitive capitalists running the concert.  The whole thing degenerates into a kind of Monty Python skit on early 70s politics -- accompanied by wonderful music.  Not only does this film have performances by great musicians of the era, including Jimi Hendrix (his next to last performance before he died), Miles Davis, the Doors, Joni Mitchell and John Sebastian.  It also has performances from groups who were big at the time but are now largely forgotten such as Ten Years After."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "For those of you who have seen the Woodstock movie, you loved it so much, you wanted to see what happened next, some new faces and not the least, Leonard Cohen, ELP first appearance, The Doors, it seems even better but the result is a bit dissapointing. The isle of Wight was more for the money than Woodstock. Some were kept out even if only one outta then of the crowd payed. We don't get the feeling that we're there with them as in Woodstock and the footage isn't as good but it is enjoyable, you can see some great performance, especially from Pete Townshend. If you don't have seen Woodstock, see this one first and then Woodstock, better keep the best for the end."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As a person who loves the music of this era, I was really hoping to see the performers, especially considering that it was the last performance of both Jimi and Jim.  Unfortunately, (for me, that is) this film placed so much focus on the controversy and ruckus, that it left little room for all of the music.  What music there was, was often cut after half the song. This film didn't give me an overall sense of the entirety of the event.  Performances were tailored to fit around the drama, and I couldn't figure out what was happening when.However, if you are looking to experience the mayhem of this historical event, I think this film will give you a good idea of what went down."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I own many of John Denver's music is 33 record form.  He has been one on my personal favorites for many years.  He has such a melodic and warm voice.  It's always a pleasure to listen to his music.  This Wildlife concert was to highlight his music and his love and interest in the environment.  Between every few songs John stops singing and talks about his inspiration for why he wrote a particular song.  I didn't find it distracting since many of John songs he wrote himself.  It's nice to hear the background.This DVD has beautifully clear video and sound.  The concert runs almost 2 hours (113min) of pure enjoyment for John Denver fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was one of the most enjoyable concerts (other than \"live\" shows I attended) I had ever seen John do... he was himself, he was in top form, he still captivated the viewer and entertained with such ease...John Denver is an American Classic -- and is missed a great deal.Thank you, John - for all you did, all you tried to do and all that you were.  You will remain with me as a beacon of hope and will shine on forever....~~~~~\"Though the singer is silent, there still is the truth of the song\" -- John Denver"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Words can not express the joy that I feel for John Denver's great performance in this concert. This is a mature John Denver in great form. He was just beginning the 2nd half of his life. This celebration of the music that has made John Denver an American treasure is a live and intimate performance featuring his greatest hits and several brand-new songs. Also included are candid interviews with John, spectacular wildlife footage and some very special surprise selections. The running time is 113 minutes. To some viewers this is John's best live concert of his career. It is a huge treat. In addition, it was a fundraiser for a very good cause - wildlife preservation.(Wallingford)Feedback to:George Reidknowledgebooks@snet.net"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There were so many songs on this that I'd never heard. John looks a little older but sweeter too. I just loved it all the way through. To me, he was a true genius at song writing. And, bless his heart, you could understand every word he said. Not like the noise they call music now where you have no idea what they are saying.  He was a national treasure and died too young. I am so glad that I was able to see him in concert in Fort Worth,Texas many years ago, probably in the mid 80s. It was wonderful. Of course he had lived here at one time and made jokes about meeting old high school friends again.  My other favorite is \"A Song's Best Friend\" which I've seen on PBS and now own a copy of."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I just received JOHN DENVER - THE WILDLIFE CONCERT (DVD) from AMAZON.COM. My wife and I turned the lights down, cranked up the Bose surround speakers, and were enraptured for the entire duration of that outstanding performance. This was John at his very best. The concert was performed in front of a small audience in a cozy setting, and we felt every bit a part of that audience. If you're a John Denver fan, I don't believe you can go wrong with this excellent DVD. As it says on the package: the video is crystal-clear, as is the CD quality sound. My only regret is that he is no longer with us."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I saw Denver in concert in Ireland in April '97.I saw him a couple of times before that in the '90's. It was the last time I would see him in concert sadly. He played solo. It was amazing. I went out and bought this the very next week. Denver is in top form both musicially and vocally, as is his band. There are also some interesting monologues peppered throughout the concert where Denver shares his concerns about the environment and wildlife preservation. A great performance all round.RCA /SONY:If good quality sound and vision footage exists of 1970's ( I'm sure it does!)Denver concerts, please release it for the fans NOW!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Over the years, I have purchased most of John Denver's LPs and then CDs, and also observed several of his performances on television. (Regrettably, I was never in the audience at one of his concerts.) Recently I saw the PBS program during which the program on this DVD was recorded over a two-day period. Denver has never sounded better nor seemed happier than he does during The WILDLife Concert, totally comfortable playing a rich and diverse selection of older and newer songs. How rare and commendable that he makes each of the 25 seem so fresh. He is joined by immensely talented associates, notably James Burton, Jim Horn, and Pete Huttinger. FYI, this DVD and its companion two-disc CD include the previously unreleased \"For You\" which is not available elsewhere. I lack the talent to express how much I admire and will miss this talented and good man."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I had to give this 5 stars, I mean it is NIN and all of their awesome videos are on one of the tapes! This 2 tape set (depending on which tape you view first) starts with videos for Head Like a Hole (classic NIN) Wish, Happiness in Slavery (certainly NOT for the squeamish) March of the Pigs, Gave Up (featuring Marilyn Manson and filmed at the Sharon Tate house) to the 2 most brilliant works of art in music video: Closer and The Perfect Drug. The second tape includes concert footage and backstage happenings with Marilyn Manson, David Bowie and the Jim Rose Circus. I only wished that it had more of the backstage stuff and that the filming wasn't so distorted in parts, but Trent will do as he will and we will love it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "a personal look at what went on backstage at NIN's self-destruct tour. although not as huge a NIN fan as I once was, I've probably watched this set at least a hundred times, and I continue to watch it on occaission just because it truly captures the band at their best. the live performances are so perfectly sloppy and intense... the shabby film quality in parts fits the music and the images so well it is hard to desribe. the whole thing just seems so natural. the second video featuring the actual music videos for NIN's songs are wonderful as well, in particular, the video for GAVE UP. this video, which simply depicts the band plus marilyn manson recording the song in the studio, is my favorite for some reason. maybe just because it humanizes the artists and shows where the music actually comes from."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This video collection is incredible. It includes a lot of concert and behind the scenes footage, which is extremely rare,outside of this video, and the second video includes all the videos up to the Perfect Drug (except  for the original gave up and the bootleg Downward Spiral. Some of the  videos are graphic, some includiong bondage and genital torture, and much  nudity. It also has trhe uncensored closer video. You need this if you are  a NIN fan. It's incredible, even for Nine Inch Nails."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've had this since the day it was released and it just doesn't get old. One video includes all the bands videos up through Perfect Drug (including the controversial Happiness in Slavery video!). The 2nd video is filled with live material and backstage footage. If you're a big NIN fan like me you should love these vids. I only gave this 4/5 stars because the quality of the live material isn't as good as it could have been (but its still good and not bad by any means). This video set was a great addition to my collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "'Closure' was the definitive Nine Inch Nails music video collection.  (It contains all the videos up to 'The Perfect Drug'.)  'Closure' is divided into two video cassettes (unfortunately it has not been reissued on DVD--yet).  The first video is their music video collection; the second, is footage from 'The Downward Spiral' tour.  The videos are arranged in chronological order.  The second video is about 90 minutes long, containing live footage from their tour.  Marilyn Manson and David Bowie appear on the footage.  It's priceless footage for anyone interested in trying to understand the enigmatic mastermind behind Nine Inch Nails, Trent Reznor.  'Closure' is a must-have for any avid Nine Inch Nails fan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This 2 disc version of \"Closure\" that is on sale here, is a bootleg version of the official VHS version that was released back in 1997, whilst it might look like the real thing just Google Nine Inch Nails \"Closure\" and you will see that although it was intended for release on DVD it never came about.Trent Reznor uploaded the original version(with extras) and a whole 2nd disc on to a bit torrent site back in December 2006 so somebody here has now knocked up their own version and making a profit off it. So don't be caught out, the original video was never even remastered in the end."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Two tapes of cool NIN action, the blue colored tape contains the live 1994 concert back stage documentary and the green colored tape (or the box it comes in) is the video tape....From Head Like A Hole to Perfect  Drug.....both tapes have the parental warning emblem the documentary tape  is cool, as it shows the band on and off the stage and in hotel rooms  trashing things, in meetings, planning their next stage skits and my  favorite:  Trent Reznor and David Bowie sing HURT on stage together  cool  stuff the video tape is all that I wanted....i wish this could have been  released this year and contain the videos for Into The Void and Starfu**ers  Inc (rumored to exist) overall:  very cool stuff"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "After having seen Closure by Nine Inch Nails, I feel my conclusion is of truth. This video, quite simply is the best thing a NIN fan could get. The first tape (which contrary to what has been said in other reviews) is not too poorly recorded. The live performances are full of energy, yet sometimes shaky. This is the only flaw of the video. The second tape makes the $25 Amazon price seem reasonable. It's the most amazing collection of NIN videos. I guarantee that you'll be thrilled to say the least when you see this. Every video is included from 1989-1997. You get the videos for &quot;Head Like A Hole&quot;, &quot;Down In It&quot;, &quot;Terrible Lie&quot;, &quot;Closer&quot;, and many more including the beautiful video for &quot;The Perfect Drug&quot;. This would be the best addition to even the smallest Nine Inch Nails fans collection. Like I said before, simply amazing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was shocked when I was the opening scene for this tape. I was only fifteen when I first viewed this tape. The drugs, nudity and disturbing images were pretty cool to me then, and are even more intresting now than ever. I give this one four stars because most of the concert is recorded with an open mic thus making the sound a B+ for quality. Here you get ten live songs and back stage footage. Get this if you haven't seen Manson live that's all I have to say."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When i was younger, the tour on this tape came to the civic center in my city, and that was the first i had heard of manson.  I did not go(it sold out pretty quickly), now after watching this video, i am mad for not going!  The video starts out with protestors and then cuts to the concert footage with &quot;Angel with the scabbed wings&quot;, then it has backstage footage, and more concerts, and so on.  He does amazing on stage, he sounds good, and is not afraid to go to the extremes.  If you are easily offended, this video is DEFFINETLY NOT FOR YOU!!!  But, if you are like me, and love both marilyn manson and shock factor, then you must get this tape.  I have watched this tape almost more than i have listened to the cds.  I am addicted, and i am loving it!!  YOU MUST BUY IT NOW!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Okay, my third try, here's the censored version:  This was a terrible idea.  I didn't realize what i was buying so i guess i'm an idiot for wasting my money.  Placing Type O Negative over the soundtrack to a 1930's black and white silent film is like trying to watch \"Dawn of the Dead\" overdubbed with \"The Monster Mash\".  Utterly awful. These bogus made-up \"Goths\" have spoiled the vampire mystique for everyone. Even if i liked this sorry-ass band (which i don't),i'd still think this was a horrible, LAME idea."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The music of Type O Negative did some justice to this film by enhancing it with a new flair of romanticism. Listening to David Carradine's introduction is odd, adding more darkness to the film. Carradine looks somewhat cyanotic perhaps bitten by Dracula himself, make one wonder if that's why he nervously plays with that cane. The opening tune Der Untermensch is awesome and sends shivers down your spine and then begins the completely hypnotic trance throughout the film. The other songs like Love You To Death, Die With Me, Prelude To Agony, Bloody Kisses, and Unsuccessfully Coping With The Natural Beauty Of Infidelity just to mention a few put the icing (or blood) on the cake on F.W. Murnau's Symphony Of Horror. I found this DVD to be an eclectic harmonizing mixture of the old and the new. A must buy for all TON people."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am normally not a big fan of Putamayo collections, but this one is excellent in my opinion.  Every song is soothing & melodic without being weird or cloying.  Although devised to help children fall asleep, I am an adult and I purchased it for myself for those nights I have difficulty turning off the noise in my mind and falling asleep.  I would not restrict this to bedtime however.  It is enjoyable enough to listen to anytime one needs to de-stress.  I feel my money was well-spent on this and I would not hesitate to purchase this as a new-baby-gift or for any child's birthday.  I don't like all lullaby-type albums, but this one is a winner.  Another excellent one is a collection by Windham Hill called \" On a Starry Night \".  I have played both of these to rock babies to sleep and also just to have lovely, soothing music to relax with.  I highly recommend this c d."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Conductor and composer John Rutter has been a fan of this work for a long time - and it shows.  The orchestra is simply excellent as are the Cambridge Singers.  Rutter chose to use two younger voices for the women's solo parts; the soprano was 29, the alto 25 when recorded.  The quality of voices changes over time and there are some solos that benefit from young voices and some that require mature voices - per the conductor's and listener's choices.  The tenor at times overdid the vibrato.  The solo voices were all excellent but sometimes they lacked the depth and power that more mature voices often offer.  Comments aside, this is a fine group of soloists.  The clarity and separation of the choral parts are excellent.  This is a medium-paced rendition which captures the emotions of the oratorio while not forgetting its baroque heritage.  This is one of my 9 recordings of the complete work and one you'll enjoy owning."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What a concept: writing good songs. Too bad VH never got that memo before they churned our a Different Kind of TurdChickenfoot got the memo. There is killer music here, which is not even debatable and Satriani sounds just plain cool in most of the parts especially all these chunky Keith Richards riffs he seems to roll out. Then he whips into a lead like only Satch can do. Very cool stuff.Michael Anthony is more out front on this disc and he should be. Again, the VH record suffers without him, this one benefits tremendously by having him on it.Hagar's voice is still excellent and he still writes a decent melody unlike 'mumble with rocks in his mouth-Roth'.Anyway, Bigfoot is awesome, Alright alright, Dubai Blues is cool, Lighten Up, Up next, there is just some well written catchy music being played here by guys that are having fun together and it sounds like it. One of the best things you can pick up this year if you want some good rock!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Joe Satriani is capable of much more.  I think this album along with the first one proves that Joe just can't write actual rock songs (outside of his solo stuff) that are more than just mediocre.  Everything is just so bland and average.  I wish he would go back to doing Surfing with the Alien type music.  He was so great and inspired back then.  Anyway, I know people here don't like the comparison, but the new Van Halen Album \"A Different Kind of Truth\" absolutely destroys this waste of time.  I hope CF changes things a lot for their next album.  I will keep buying them, but I'm starting to lose faith that they will come out with anything decent in their current form.  I do think, however, the drummer is really good, and that shows on this album."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I notice there seems to still be this competition with some VH fans that won't die and never will so I thought I would put my two cents worth in here.I love the new Van Halen record ADKOT but that does not mean I am suppose to dislike this record like some people have decided, they are both great! I do favor the new VH more but that's not to say this is not an excellent record IT IS! I was and still am a fan of VH with DLR and Hagar and now Chickenfoot as well it's nice to have this much good RnR these days we should all feel blessed we do! By the way for young ones still learning Sammys music check out his fantastic solo record Standing Hampton."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of the best hard rock CDs I've heard in a very long time.Far better than the first disc.There is a version with a CD/DVD package, but I bought the CD only and found a serious rocker bonus track, not listed on the liner and from what I hear, NOT included if you buy the CD/DVD package.The band is very diverse on this with rockers, cranking hard rockers and some lighter rockers and ballads. Hagar is at the top of his game. Everyone is and standing out individually while creating an open quality band statement on each track.Three and half letters is a very powerful (words and music) rockin' piece.No Change, the unlisted bonus track just absolutely rocks full tilt.I've only heard the whole disc twice, but in will be my driving disc for a long time. I hope the radio catches on to this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a big improvement over the first Chickenfoot disc. The playing is tighter and seems more inspired. Sammy is singing great and the annoying, recycled cliches that were passing for lyrics on the last CD are less obvious. This band has such potential to make some really memorable music. It is just a shame that they won't call in some old friends to give them some songwriting help. Sammy is the only one in the band that has ever written a lyric and although this is the best stuff he has written in the last decade, that isn't saying that much. I hope that they can pull off releasing another. The 3 best tunes on this disc are: Up Next, Come Closer and Big Foot."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Liked Sammy's work with Van Halen and selectively his solo stuff. Love most everything Satriani has put out. Feel indifferent about the other two band members. Liked 3-4 tracks off the first Chickenfoot album to keep me interested and they still make it into my workout set list every once in a while.... My kid gloves off review of this album is not too kind. I don't hear growth so much as regression. The best two tracks on the album are Different Devil and Up Next, everything else is throw away. Different Devil is good but it sounds like something off a Hagar solo record, Up Next is the only song that reminds me the guitarist behind this album is one of the best alive. Only problem with Up Next is that I really don't want to hear Hagar's vocals on this one because the lyrics just disappoint compared to that great guitar work.Oh well, maybe the next one will be better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Could not figure out why it was Chickenfoot III as I couldn't ever remember a II.  Then I opened up the package and saw the 3D anaglyph's!  OUTSTANDING packaging.  Makes me want to buy one more just to archive.  I put the music on and I've been playing this CD over and over and over.  Great mix of rockers and even a ballad.  What surprised me was the raw sound of \"three and a half letter\" in which Sammy screams, \"I NEED A JOB, I'M WILLING TO WORK, BUT I NEED A JOB!\"  If that doesn't sum up this obamanation economy I don't know what does.  Loving \"Different Devil\" \"Bigfoot\" and \"Dubai Blues.\"  This is a very FUN CD in both sight and sound.  Buy it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well thank God for Micheal Anthony and Sammy Hager! At least those two X Van Halen members are still making some decent sounding old school rock and roll. With Chad and Joe in the mix as well, it's gotta kick ass right? Well I'm happy to say that it does for the most part. You wont find any jaw dropping momemts here, but you will find great old school rock tunes. A pleasure to listen to and I'm glad Mikey and Sammy can still rock even at their age lol. Well done lads keep it up for as long as you can cause I'll keep buying if you're not dying!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I agree with quite a few others that almost all the songs here are generic sounding Sammy Hagar songs (maybe something solo).  Not even the great guitar player can save these songs.  The only song I like is the last one, Something Gone Wrong!  And that describes the rest of this CD for me.  I was really surprised by the first Chickenfoot CD, the songs were really catchy GREAT HOOKS that had you stompin your foot!  And I'm not even the biggest Hagar fan, I did like Montrose and selective Van Hagar!  But that first CD really nailed it and it was a surprise hit going GOLD!  I just dont see the same thing happening here, I dont think it's going to catch on like the first one!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Their are several excellent songs on this album! Myles Kennedy is coming into his own as a vocalist and Slash is still an awesome guitar player. He is experimental enough that you don't feel he is afraid of playing something new or different and yet at the same time he keeps the riffs flowing throughout the album! For me Your a Lie and Bad Rain are highlights but there are several others that rock and very few that do not! A very succesful effort that brings Slash out of the immense shadow of GnR!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Ghost of Guns N' Roses lives in this album if you listen carefully, in some cases Myles \" The Dying Cat\" tries to emulate Axl's style.Take a good listen and you'll find \"Locomotive\" riff from Use Your Illusion in \"Standing in the Sun\", \"Anything Goes\" from Appetite in \"Halo\" the chorus has some of Axl's style from \"Outta Get Me\", \"Move to The City\" is in \"Hard & Fast\" and the Chorus is very similar to \"Been There Lately\" From Slash's SnakepitGood album but sorry I cannot stand the annoying whining nasal singing from Myles..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was never a huge fan of Slash (or GnR for that matter - pretty good, but not great). I always thought Slash was overrated and more of an image thing. I've heard him outside of GnR on a few one-off projects (Hendrix tribute and Muddy Waters tribute), and the solos sounded the same and stale.But I heard \"Standing In The Sun\" on the radio, and I liked it enough to try this CD. Holy crap is it good. \"Standing In The Sun\" is the weakest cut on the CD.I'm also a Myles Kennedy fan. His vocals are perfectly suited for this heavy rock, but unlike Alter Bridge, these songs are not all power ballads. Now, I like power ballads and Alter Bridge, but they get old. Same formula, etc. But these songs are just straight-forward heavy rock. Powerful, riff-heavy, and show-off chops. Each different and great. I am officially a Slash fan now."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"Apocalyptic Love\" is great! This is an great follow-up from Slash. A terrific rock album. All (13) tracks on here are great.Track Listing1. Apocalyptic Love (4 out of 4)2. One Last Thrill (4 out of 4)3. Standing in the Sun (4 out of 4)4. You're a Lie (4 out of 4)5. No More Heroes (4 out of 4)6. Halo (4 out of 4)7. We Will Roam (4 out of 4)8. Anastasia (4 out of 4)9. Not for Me (4 out of 4)10. Bad Rain (4 out of 4)11. Hard & Fast (4 out of 4)12. Far and Away (4 out of 4)13. Shots Fired (4 out of 4)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Slash makes his solo return with his second album Apocalyptic Love. After listening to it a couple of times, i think that it is a nice upgrade from his solo debut. Apocalyptic Love has a more connected feel about it that better showcases Slash`s trademark no-fills rock along with fine support from Miles Kennedy and the Conspirators. Listening to the album, it is very obvious how well they have gelled together after a lot of touring in the last year.Overall i highly recommend Apocalyptic Love to anyone that loves no-fills, balls to the wall rock."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As in Slash is back! Been a big fan of Slash since the old GnR days...suffered thru the first solo album, and endured all the nonsense with Velvet Revolver and that arrogant jack-A Scott Weiland and his always being late to the shows...!!I waited to buy this album because the VR stuff, while good, never jumped out at me, it was missing something...BUT here it is! The song Anastasia is getting good rotation on Sirius Octane, and I was instantly hooked - because its the best guitar work Slash has done since GnR. As is this whole album. While Myles voice can a bit too high pitched at times - Slash makes up for it. Great guitar work all over this album and the band is a perfect compliment.I hope this is the beginning of more from Slash and these guys. I think he's hitting his stride here and I want more, and more and more..!If you like Slash and good old rockNroll - buy this album!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Rush has delivered...I am trying to find the right combination of words to describe this album but it is difficult...first and foremost it is a bloody beautiful album...the music, the lyrics, the arrangements, everything flows so perfectly, smoothly...it is beautiful...There is a huge amount of maturity yet it is also very powerful and fresh at the same time...the music is so enthusiastic, it is impossible to believe that it is the 38th year these guys are making music...I am listening to the album while writing this review and i am smiling...Neil, Geddy, Alex i salute you...Rush is certainly NOT \"losing it\"..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "this is undeniably a fantastic record... i can't wait to see it live, but it sounds pretty bad. i am so frustrated by the record industry's penchant for overcompressing music these days! in my car, which has a pretty decent stock stereo, all the parts that are 'thick' sounding are clipping badly, as if i'm listening to the record while a helicopter flies by outside. there's a thrumming low frequency clipping that is annoying. the parts that are supposed to be airy and chimey sound like they're coming out of a can! i turned down the bass a little past the center detent, and turned the treble up a LOT to compensate... this ticks me off! why should i continue to BUY albums if record companies keep squashing the life out of music like this?! three stars for the crappy sound quality, 10 stars for the music itself..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I saw Rush live on this tour. I've been listening to Rush and to classical music for over 35 years. I'm an avid classical music listener. Rush is one of my top favorite rock bands. I did NOT like the inclusion of a string section (violins, cellos, etc), classical music instruments, with Rush music. Many musicians believe that eclectic and creative mixes of musical instruments, genres and styles will produce great music.True. It does work many times. It did not work this time, in my very personal opinion and for my taste. The strings sound out of place and forced onto the Rush music and Geddy's singing. It sounds as if I were listening to Rush on one rock radio station and a classical music station was interfering with Rush. Five of the songs on this disc are performed with the Clockwork Angels String Ensemble. Otherwise, I'd give 5 stars."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been a Rush fan forever. I have loved most of the stuff they have put out but always have found a few tracks to be duds on every recent release. Clockwork Angels has no duds. It is absolutely amazing beginning to end. It is the first RUSH album since Signals that I want to hear all of Live. I love everything thing about this album. I even like the muddy mix, flashy wiz kid studio production and the cover art. This is the album I have been waiting for! Thank you Neil, Alex and Geddy for making this fan a freaking happy one!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Long-time Rush fan here (30+ years), beginning with the first album and continuing on.  Regrettably, I have to say this release is GOD AWFUL.  It just goes from bad to worse.  For the life of me I cannot understand all of these high reviews.  For me, I find the songwriting to be extremely poor, not a memorable tune here.  The guitar work is unimaginative and very average.  I didn't dig Geddy's singing either -- he seems unable to write and deliver a good hook or melody.  The quality of the recording stinks too.  By today's standards (and those of yesteryear) this release is a complete an utter loser.Sorry guys, but this is THE WORST CD I have heard in years.  I want my money back!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Disclosure: I'm one of those Rush fans that has enjoyed all of their albums, even the lighter, almost jazz-like offerings. I've enjoyed dropping the needle on each new album wondering what it would sound like.That said, most of us long-time Rush fans became fans around (if not exactly) \"2112.\" Those earlier albums defined the \"Rush sound\" that polarized music fans. For those of us who loved it, we fell hard. We ate up \"Farwell to Kings\", \"Permanent Waves\", \"2112\", and even \"Caress of Steel\" (which polarizes even Rush fans).\"Clockwork Angel\" is a return to those earlier albums. This album flat out rocks! If fact, most of these tracks would not be out of place in the Thrash Metal category. For me, it belongs square in the classic \"Rush Sound\" Prog-Rock category.Grade: A"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "...but fans won't be punished with this purchase.  Good, solid album.  Has that complex \"evolved\" Rush sound that the band has developed over the last few years.  If you've been catching the last few Rush video programs on cable, DVD, or Blu-Ray you'll know what I mean.  (Think of the \"Far Cry\" live performances.)  It's wonderful, thought-provoking music to which you'll want to listen again, to pick up what you missed the first time.Recommended for all Rush fans: young, old, and to-be.  Delay yourselves no longer."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "They've really outdone themselves on this album. They're playing harder than they've ever played and the arrangements are outstanding. Neil is absolutely destroying his drums.I personally want to thank producer Nick Raskulinecz for working with these guys and pushing them to play to their full potential....the results speak for themselves.BTW, I loved BU2B but the album version is even better than the original. The title track is mind blowing and it amazes me how these guys can keep progressing and coming up with such great music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was so happy Rush finally came out with another studio release and for good reason. I think this is the best Rush album ever released. I've always loved these guys and went back and listened to some of the earlier stuff just to make sure and for me this is the best. The musicianship is flawless, the songs are very well layered but yet it has a raw sound about it that can't be beat. This is one of those albums that you can listen to over and over and it always gets better. Rush has just dethroned Dream Theater as my favorite band again... lol"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been a fan since 1978 when I first bought 2112 on vinyl.  I sort of lost interest after Moving Pictures with all the synths, but decided to buy tickets to their upcoming show in Baltimore.  I bought Clockwork Angels just to know the new stuff, not expecting much.  Well, I have to say, this is now my favorite Rush album.  Extremely heavy, this sounds like it could have been released between Permanent Waves and Moving Pictures, or even earlier!  Great arrangements, interesting lyrics, all around a powerhouse album.  If you are a Rush fan and are contemplating buying this, do it.  You will not be disappointed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Being only familiar with Rush's big radio hits, I took a chance on this new concept album on a whim. I'm always looking for new and interesting music. The album starts with a bang with Caravan, a hard-driving, pace changing song which hooked me almost immediately. BU2B also quickly clicked with me, although I don't care for its anti-religion tone. From there the songs seem to get too long and too repetitive for my taste. I would prefer lengthy solos without hearing the lyrics repeated ad nauseam. An exception is the beautiful Halo Effect (clocking in at 3:14). The album regains some steam and momentum with Headlong Flight, and finds a pleasing ending with The Garden. The digital booklet is beautifully illustrated and helps the listener to understand the story Rush is attempting to tell. Purchasing this album has spurred me to investigate more Rush music on Pandora. So far, I'm still partial to Tom Sawyer, Limelight, Subdivisions, and New World Man."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There's not much to say here other than it's a solid Rush album. I did not start listening to Rush until late 80s/early 90s, so I never was exactly in love with their 70s stuff (though I later learned to like it).  The musicianship is great, as always.  Seeing them on tour a few years ago was one of the best musical experiences of my life.  I would definitely recommend that if you like their stuff, go see them live and damn the price of the ticket.  It will be worth it,  believe me."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album absolutely blows away Snakes and Arrows. Not only do you have a jamming Rush but the melodic as well!! The song Headlong Fight is definitly the best song on the album. Probably one of the best songs that they put out in a while. The melodic side is back. The songs Halo Effect, The Wreckers and The Garden have an atmospheric sound that will send chills through you as you listen. There is not a bad song on the album, compared to finding a good song that will stick to you on Snakes and Arrows. They have come along way with their music. and hopefully they will make more! This CD gives me faith in the bands new music form again. I hope it continues. You can only Wish Them Well! See you at the show in Philly!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "These guys are still amazing! I honestly wasn't expecting a classic but boy I was wrong. This is easily one of their best albums and only gets better with each listen. Clockwork Angels is a concept album yet the songs can stand on their own. I love BU2B and The Garden the latter just might be their best album closer of all time. This album brings back that amazement I first felt with RUSH when I was 17 and bought Roll the Bones on tape. Geddy, Alex, and Neil should be very proud of themselves. I look forward to getting the book."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm another long-time Rush fan who found Clockwork Angels to be completely disappointing.  I think the production of this CD left Geddy's vocals sounding completely flat and distant, like he's on a hill 100 feet away from the rest of the band while recording is going on, and without his dynamic voice giving life to the lyrics, and everything else being mashed together, to me it's just one continuous boring bit of overly loud overly processed noise.  If you want to hear the real Rush, buy anything else they've released but this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This release is modern science looking out for us music lovers. As well, the great friendship thriving among these men have paved my road for a concert trip. I hope they play most of this album on their fall tour. New sounds abound from all three. BRAVO!...I should add that the lyrics are poetry and should be read. And for those that refuse, maybe a band-aid box would provide some entertainment, and I mean attainment. Sorry, it just seems that some humans are struggling and I don't mean to be cynical, I mean to just say....WAKE UP!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The problem with modern production techniques is they compress the dynamics, making everything loud; then they increase the volume past the technical limits of the CD. This is evident on the Clockwork Angels release, and there are many areas where it is impossible to hear the nuances of Neil Peart's drumming, to follow Geddy Lee's bass lines, or to tell just what exactly Alex Lifeson is doing on his guitar. The mix wasn't as bad as the original master of Vapor Trails, but it is clearly not as good as it should have been."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What strikes me most about this album is its lack of nervous playing.  I love Rush's music, but there was always a sense that they were trying to prove themselves (to us? each other? the world?).  With this album, they seemed to have finally arrived at a well-deserved level of confidence in their skills, one that comes across both in their performance and song writing.  Particularly with respect to the latter, all of these tunes sound as if there was concerted effort to place their considerable chops at the service of \"the song.\"  No one member outshines the other; each is working together, and with each other, to create the best tune possible.  This combination of confidence, incredible playing, teamwork, and humility makes this a very special album.  What a joy it is to hear the potential in one's favorite band be realized."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I will leave a lengthier review to some other ardent Rush fans, though I have loved them since their start! This CD really grows on me and I have listened to it at least 50 times or more! The production and mix is far superior to any of their releases (IMO) since the mid 1980's! I am a huge fan of the classic Rush sound and &#34;A Farewell to Kings&#34; is my favorite Rush recording. But, I have to say, I would have to put &#34;Clockwork Angels&#34; next in in line followed by &#34;2112&#34;. That should say it all!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I really like this album! The band is very tight. Lots of change ups & tempo changes & some of the heaviest playing i have ever heard rush do. Yes it's a concept album but you can pick any song and just play it. musially i think it is the best album they have ever made. lyrically 2nd best. Under 2112 i would say this is there 2nd best album ever. They are just playing there guts out on this album.It's like there playing while the room is on fire around them. Because of the concept aspect of the album only lyrically it reminds me of 2112. Musically it reminds me of the albums counter parts or snakes & arrows on steroids. Geddy's voice sounds killer on this record & this album show's some of the best music Alex & Neil have ever done together. If you have ever liked just one song rush has done you will like this album."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow! Rush is one of the few \"older\" bands that still manages to put out solid music every few years or so. I've been listening to Clockwork Angels since it came out in June of last year. Every song is very good to great, featuring some of their best melodies to date. Geddy's bass playing is at an all time high, while Lifeson creates some memorable riffs and Peart fills in all the rest like the legend he is. One of the most complete albums I have heard by any band. Leave it to Rush to put out one of their best albums 40 years into a career. Anyone giving this less than 4 stars needs some serious help."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My favorite Rush album is Caress of Steel and what that album has that this one lacks is a crisp, crackling bite to the guitar and a clear depth to the drums and bass. Rush seems to have forgotten the importance of negative space, i.e., intervals between the sounds that give these sounds their definition and, I would argue, their power. The songs on the digitally recorded and over-processed Clockwork Angels are buried in a wall of noise and they must fight to be heard like poltergeists trapped in a snowy television set.As you might guess, I don't listen to a whole lot of modern music and have a bias against albums that are mastered with the amount of dynamic compression that is today's industry standard. This bias isn't just an aesthetic preference. I find that dynamically compressed music tires my ears after about ten minutes. Clockwork Angels may well be a significant sonic improvement over recent recordings like Vapor Trails (I wouldn't know) but it's still not enough to make me want to listen to it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Clockwork Angles has surpassed Moving Pictures as my favorite Rush album.  Every song on Clockwork Angels is rock solid.  When I listened to it for the first time, it sounded a bit noisy, but each time I put it on, it got better and better.  The last song, The Garden, is especially good.What these three gentlemen continue to produce never ceases to amaze me.  Their musicianship and lyrics are better than ever, but the thing I love the most about Rush is the sincerity that comes out in their music.  There's nothing artsy fartsy about these guys.  They are for real."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I had a hard time getting into this cd first listens until I turned UP the volume and then it hit me...WOW, this sounds just like you would here in concert and it packs a powerful punch. After that it all became clear...Rush created the perfect sound that can be faithfully recreated on the road in fact I consider this a kinda studio live recording despite whatever mastering mumbo jumbo went on. They erased that line between studio and live and I think they succeeded with flying colors. Does that mean muddled? I don't know but they consciously engineered CA to sound this way, it is no mistake, due to the time spent to create an epic composition and product. CA starts kinda slow but builds and literally thrashes akin to Vapor Trails refined in places and is VERY hard and smokin. The band dips into their roots and updates with modern prog rock/metal sensibilities to wonderful effect. I love this recording..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The title description speaks for itself.I won't bore you with a song by song review because all the songs are amazing from the beginning to end...Classic sound with a modern twist.Rush is that one band that will never disappoint.They remain one of my fave bands ever,if not favorite and I'm sure they will still put out albums after this release.If you're a Rush fan pretty much from the beginning,this is for you.You won't take the disc out of your player.Yes,I still buy cd's and will until they are not made anymore  Rock n roll!!!!  \\m/"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This latest (and hopefully not last) incarnation of Rush might not be my favorite, but I don't dislike it at all. What they have wrought in these past two albums with Booujzhe is what happens when true fans of music get together and have fun. I'm energized by the eager enthusiasm & anything-goes spirit infusing these songs.These may not be the trio's strongest songs in the discography but they are certainly well-built with beefy melodies and retro-good hooks. Rush still have the musical chops they had in the 70's. I'm not even sure if their younger versions could keep up!While lyrically a concept album, each song stands on its own musically. This is not the 2012 Overture. And it's no 2112 Overture either (it's no instant classic) but it is another solid piece of work by the band. And if steampunk has a sound, then this is what it sounds like."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've had this cd since the day it was released. I've listened to it everyday since and it never gets old. The songs are solid, the playing is probably their best on record, it's an amazing cd. I could write a review of every song, but it's already been done. If you like old Rush, the 3 piece guitar band with the big sound, you'll love this cd. If you ever wondered how Rush would sound if they improvised rather than rehearsed every note to metronome perfection, you'll love this cd."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought the UK Fan Pack, which included the CD, a nice booklet on RUSH and key chain thanks to a friend stationed in the UK.I listened to the album several times end to end and it was like a journey, which made even more sense once I got the book of the same name.  The book is a good story of predetermined future and the search for an alternate version of what you were told your life was to be.  The album came alive after reading the book.  Several of the songs were good before and were made better with the inclusion of reading the novel.  The whole concept album became visual like the novel as I listened more and more to the CD.....which I listen to each day at work.I liked the album before the novel and now love it!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I totally respect RUSH, and love some of their stuff like HEMISPHERES, FAREWELL TO KINGS, 2112 and FLIGHT BY NIGHT...but, it's been a long time since the last great RUSH album, that maybe is COUNTERPARTS(1993)....Since TEST OR ECHO, i think RUSH is not so inspired anymore, especially Neil Peart's lyrics....they are REALLY dark now....as musicians, Neil, Geddy and Alex are monsters!!!! Can't remenber many bands as techinical as RUSH...but the songs are not inspired...in fact, since SIGNALS(1982), RUSH started to create music with a kind of POP heaviness...i will stick with their legendary classic stuff like CARESS OF STEEL, PERMANENT WAVES and MOVING PICTURES!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I Honestly wonder what these 1 star reviewers are smoking?This is by far the best rush album in over 20 years!(My first Rush album was Presto,Which had just come out at the time,A Highly underrated and masterful album,IMHO.)From the opening track\"Caravan\" To the stunningly beautiful\"The garden\",This the RUSH That  I have missed!! The songwriting is fantastic,And hearing geddy playing his old-school rolling basslines again put a smile on my face.Being a bass player myself,I Felt that Geddy was underutilizing his talent on the last 5 albums or so.Is it just me,Or do I hear Shades of \"Signals\" In this album?Hopefully,This isn't Rush's last album,But if it is,They're going out on top.A Much better album than it has any right being from a band 40 years and 20 albums into their career.They lost their fire for a while,But thankfully,They've found it again,And they're back,Amazingly,Better than ever.Long live RUSH!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the 20th studio album from RUSH, and their best in decades, This new release finds Rush in top form and at the height of their success they are just as big as they were back in the day,Rush never fit into the neat box because you either got it or you didnt, every track on this release is amazing it captures the best of Rush removed keyboards for a more stripped down feel Bass,Guitar and drums, If your a fan it's a must own, every track is stellar on this brand new release from Rush, In my opinion their best in years!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album hearkens back to the band's glory days as 70s prog-rockers. Big concept album with philosophical lyrics and lots and lots of experimentation and lengthy self-indulgence. You can tell that Geddy Lee's voice is aging, but if you can get beyond that, you're in for a great ride.What I like best about this album are the innovative melodies. The band's sense of melody has truly evolved into something really special. That should be obvious to anyone familiar with their work from &#34;Test for Echo&#34; and beyond. They continue to carve new musical territory, but these days rely mostly on song structures and melody to tell the most exciting stories. If you're looking for YYZ, you're not going to find it here, but if you're looking to get lost in a haunting world of great prog rock, you can't go wrong."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm a big fan of Rush.....and this is a decent album.  However....i am REALLY getting annoyed with digital compressed recordings!  Younger folks will not understand my ramblings on this issue.....but if you grew up on analog recordings of your favorite music....you KNOW how much better it sounds. ALL music these days has the same compressed sound!  Go back and listen to your older recordings of Rush and Van Halen....or ANY other band from the analog era.  It sounds SO much more open and dynamic."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is only a few days old, i dont think thats enough time to understand the 'whole thing, so people giving it a five like me arent being very honest at the moment, i think we all know its potential and complexity that it will lead to a 5.  But i will be honest and give it a 3.5 right now, but i will give it a 5 because i dont feel like coming back and changing this review to a 5 in a few months.  I did that with Vapor Trails."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Today is 10/12/2012 friday and I listened to Clockwork Angels yesterday and already I picked out my favorite tunes.  Snakes and Arrows is where I left off and this is just magic music.  When you grow up with a band what can I say???? even cd's you don't like that much it's still your band.  Caravan BU2B Halo Effect 7 Cities of Gold Headlong Flight Wish Them Well The Garden (the rest too but you get the point) I'm glad everyon's still alive to make music and I'll enjoy them till I'm dead(which I hope aint no time soon)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have not purchased the cd as of my review,but I have listened to all the song's numerous times on YouTube.This album is FANTASTIC..I still can't believe anyone would give this gem less than 4 stars..but everyone does have the right to their own opinion.But this is so good,just listen to the tune called The Wrecker..Turn it up,and close your eyes..It just sticks in my mind..I have been a big fan of Rush since the very beginning,and have seen them quite a few Tours,and hearing this great music on Clockwork Angels has me ready for another show..Just an incredible new cd from our friends from the North.."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I first saw Brian Regan on Comedy Central talking about simple things like IHOP and trifocals...absolutely hilarious. This is a very funny disk...especially the name and spelling bee bits. I really like this guy because he doesn't curse and he isn't dirty at all. Comedians these days think they have to be vulgar to be funny. In my opinion, vulgarity isn't funny at all; Profanity in comedy has been rubbed into the ground. It's annoying and a sign of a lack of creativity. Brian Regan is clean, ingenious and hilarious."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "And even after you've memorized the routines you will listen again and still laugh until it hurts. Brian Regan is hilarious. I can remember about 15 years ago watching him on tv doing his 'watching fishing on tv' routine where he marvels that the shows have a writer: \"What's he have to write, 'Ooh, she's a beauty'.\" I love his material about growing up and especially when he was in school. Maybe my favorite line is about how he waited until the morning of to do his science project, putting dirt in a cup. The teacher then asks him to explain it: \"Well, its a cup . . . wih dirt in it. I call it 'cup of dirt'.\" Listen to Brian tell the story and deliver the line and you'll be hooked."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Brian Regan, IMO is extremely under-rated! It seems just about anyone I ask if they've ever heard of Brian Regan, their response is: \"who\"??? well, I wish more people knew of him because he is just \"laugh-out-loud\" funny! Excellent CD, by the way... I saw him Live recently and he did a lot of jokes from this CD... buy it! it's hilarious! and one more addition, he's a \"clean\" comic, so your kids can listen to this CD too!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having come of age in the 80s, I still list Sam Kinison as my favorite comedian.  Even so, now with a family of my own I welcome comedy that I don't have to hide from my daughters or cringe when they overhear.  Brian Regan is just such a comedian.  If you love comedy based on language (as opposed to stories, observations, etc.) then this album is also for you.  And, as a bonus, your children can listen to it along with you, with the strongest word used on the CD being \"hell.\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Brian is one funny guy; I could not stop laughing. I first heard him during a long flight back from Japan and I must have looked like a moron sitting in my chair laughing as hard as I was; there were tears running down my face.  That was 2 years ago &amp; I've been looking for this CD ever since.  I finally got my copy &amp; listened to the whole thing driving from San Antonio to Austin and just cracked up the whole way - it was almost dangerous for me to be on the road.He reminds me of what my life was like growing up - back then a lot of it seemed pathetic, but now it seems pretty darn funny!Great CD &amp; you'll like it - no foul language too.  That's a real plus these days."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well, I know I'm a little late to this CD (12 years) but I looked it up on Amazon after hearing the first selection on Laugh USA Sirius XM last week.  I listen to that station for some smiles and giggles when I'm driving.  Brian Regan came on talking about \"you too\" and \"take luck\" and I almost had to pull over to the side of the road.  I was laughing so hard it really was dangerous!So now I have the CD and I listen at home where it's much safer for everyone.  It's just hilarious, no two ways about it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Every time I see his performance on Comedy Central I laugh. 5 times maybe and I am still laughing hysterically. His humor is witty, yet he doesn't always pick out things like current events. I love his pop-tart bit. The things that make him the best are his facial expressions, eye movements, and the tone of his voice. It's masterful, and it's too bad that this CD doesn't show him doing all of that. His dvd is coming out soon though, so cross your fingers for that.This cd doesn't have the poptart though...Still, it has alot. All his talk about animals is funny. Especially spider webs. The car stuff is funny too. \"Blasting Zone Ahead\" and \"Seatbelts\" are 2 of my favorites."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There are a select few comedians who are straight up funny. Some (cough -Dane Cook- cough) use profanity to cover up the fact that their routines aren't really that funny. Not so with Brian Regan. He is a tremendously smart guy, who plays a stupid guy in his comedy.Since he has so much physical comedy though, his facial expressions alone can make you burst out laughing, I was worried that it wouldn't translate well to just audio. I was wrong. From \"Stupid in School\" to \"Fishing Shows\" this is Brian at his best. Two thumbs way up."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I heard of Brian Regan many many years ago, I believe he did an HBO special with his brother about 15 years ago....I hadn't heard much more about him in the years to come, but he came to Phoenix to do a show, and I heard him on the radio, so I bought his CD, even though it's a few years old already....I loved the CD, and my wife laughed throughout it even though she tends to get bored listening to comedy CDs....It contains mainly observational humor about growing up, so I listened to it in the car while driving the family places, and my kids love it too (aged 11 & 6)....It is family friendly humor, which is hard to find....and it does wonders for long distance family road trips....He seems to be actively touring the comedy club scene, I just wish he would put out a new CD soon, considering this one is going on 8 years old now...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I didn't actually realise that this set came as a fairly sizeable book (duh!). Blue Guitars is a labour of love, and it shows. Rarely, if at all, have I known an artist to produce 11cd's of great songs. It's an interesting journey. The book, with it's paintings and an in -depth interview with Chris Rea, are almost a throwback to the old vinyl days of studying the album sleeve as you listen to the music. Rea's slide playing has never sounded better and his dark brown 'trombone ' of a voice carries you through the journey from the source of the blues through slavery, into the various manifestations of it up to the '60-70s. Great stuff.A minor point - The CD sleeves in the book are VERY FRAGILE so will not stand up to too much use."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I must admit to being a dedicated fan of Chris Rea for many years and had not heard anything from this group at all.  I came across the collection purely by chance and decided to give it a try.  It has three Cd's and two vinyl albums.  Have not heard the vinyl as yet but the first of the three cd's is instrumental and takes you back to an earlier time in rock where the feel of the beat and the sound was all important.  It is fantastic.  The next two cd's are a variety of rocky and bluesy tracks which are equally as good.  On top of that you have the bonus of being able to read this very good quality book.  A very good collection from quality muso's."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow.  I just came across this CD for real cheap, and boy was I glad I got it.  I have listened to lots of blues players of different types, and the guitar of Albert King is amazing, especially on this disc.  I have his In Session CD live with SRV, which was a really strong CD, but this particular CD presents a better sound of his guitar, in my opinion.  It sounds sweeter, more well-rounded, powerful, diverse, and dead-on.  I really love Albert King's work, and I always wish songs like \"Blues Power\" and \"Blues at Sunrise\" were much much longer because this type of slower blues has the sweetest licks.  Get this CD.  It radiates such warm, positive energy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The best meditation cd money can buy. Also indispensible mood music for writing, painting, blissing out, anything really except driving. My 11-year old son used to be disturbed by the quiet power of this music, now he loves reading to it. I often throw &quot;Doje Ling&quot; into the cd player when I've got a heavy day of deadlines before me. Works wonders. For those curious about meditation books, pick up, &quot;Meditation Made Easy&quot; by Lorin Roche. That and his and Camille Maurine's, &quot;Meditation Secrets for Women&quot; are the two absolute best books out there and complement &quot;Dorje Ling&quot; perfectly."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "DeaD pREz is as innovative as &quot;Lets Get Free&quot; on &quot;Turn Off The Radio&quot;. For those who dont get it you probably never will. This is the essence of Hip Hop which has never left our thoughts and is on a rise as a voice for generations.They have proven to me that the art of Hip Hop is alive and livin' and breathin'. THIS IS A MIXTAPE I.E. YOU HAVE THE RECYCLED BEATS. In my mind the songs they remade are better than ever. This is a message for us all to recieve on all levels. We all STILL HAVE A LOT TO LEARN SO LETS LEARN FROM/FOR EACH OTHER AND BUILD BETTA YESTERDAYS AND TOMORROWS. pEaCe (s&gt;t&lt;r&gt;i&lt;v&gt;e&lt;)/aZtRo"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The heading is not a bold statement its the truth. While other rappers' mixtapes are all guns, drugs and which hoe did it with freddy kreuger last night, Dead Prez devotes mixtape time to give you insight and thought provoking rhymes. Standout Tracks: TURN OFF THE RADIO, THAT'S WAR, WE NEED A REVOLUTION, FOOD CLOTHES & SHELTER part 2, SOULJA LIFE MENTALITY(Soulja Slim RIP), GET UP, KNOW YOUR ENEMY, IT WAS WRITTEN, NO LOVE, THO IT UP, HIP HOP(RBG mix)etc. Filler: Sellin d.o.p.e.. Bottom Line: Dead prez's mixtapes are better than most rappers mixtapes and albums if you want to take it that far. On some songs they use other people's beats like the late Aaliyah's I need a resolution and Black Rob's Whoa but they put their on positive spin on these track so Im okay with it. Both mixtapes by Dead Prez are strongly recommended by me as well as their albums."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ok, first off, Enya rocks.  If you don't know that already, go buy her compilation album, Paint the Sky with Stars.  It will enlighten you.  If you already know how good she is and you aren't desperate to buy everything she's ever done, there is something wrong with you.All right, so maybe Enya isn't for everyone.  But you will likely appreciate her if you have ever been truly moved by a dreamy piece of music.  She is soft, soulfull, and dynamic.  And yeah, so her music all sounds the same, but when it's so good, how can you complain?Highlights from The Memory of Trees include &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;, &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot;, and &quot;On My Way Home&quot;."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A clasically-styled and introverted album, Memory of Trees is a masterpiece of subtlety.  Many of the songs have an endearing shyness to them - soft piano and a lovely, quiet voice.  But within every introvert is an inferno, and Enya lets that fire explode on a couple of songs that absolutely burst with an expected raw power.If you've never heard Enya before, you might want to start with one of her more popularized works, like Watermark, just to play it safe.  But if you're already a fan, then your collection is not complete without this beautiful work of musical art."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I never thought Enya would reach the sublime heights of Evacuee or Marble Halls from 'Shepherd Moons.' 'The Celts, Watermark and Day...' were all pleasant and admirable throughout, but are less ambitious both lyrically and musically. But Hope Has a Place from 'Memory...' reaches those heights and beyond. It is Enya at her most inspirational and comforting. I'm actually glad that this song didn't get overexposed the way Only Time did. It makes it that much more special to all who own this album."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the third review of an irish album I write today (the others were Cranberries) and now I'm sure about that Ireland is one of the countries producing the best music in the world. And not just commercial pop-music in the Spice Girls way. Okay, I just wanted to say something about Irish  music. Now let's say something about this album. It's great. it's  beautiful. Very good, easy listened music. If you like Enya or you just  want some easy-listened relaxing music. This is the album for you to buy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is so hauntingly beautiful.  It reminds me of how the Celts and Druids would endow trees with human and other life characteristics.  Now...every time I prune a tree I expect it to say \"ouch!\", or when I walk by a tree I expect it to reach out to me.  Listening to this album, especially after consuming a quart or more of good Irish whiskey is a delight.  I remember trees and I am sure, after listening to this album, that they remember me also.  Definitely a buy!  Cuckoo ForCeltic"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Enya is such a wonderful artist, truly given a gift from God!! Every song on this album is a delight to listen to. \"Once You Had Gold\" is a song I'm actually using in a fanfiction story I'm writing, and I hardly ever do \"songfics.\" But this song is so beautiful and poignant and angsty that it fits perfectly with the message I'm trying to get across.Other special favorites are the title song, Anywhere Is, Athar Ar Neamh, China Roses . . . Okay, let's just say the whole album is a classic!!! I'm not really into new age music, but Enya is different! You will not go wrong buying her albums, and especially this one is a must-have!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is not another lousy Celtic New Age album - it is a genuine piece of music, well written and performed with emotion. It never fails to send shivers up and down my spine for some reason... Ever since I heard Orinoco Flow Enya has cast her spell on me. She is just so different and strange and so utterly artistic. On this album every song is as perfect as it can get on a pop record, with melodies that have a tendency to lodge themselves into my brain. I have every Enya album to date, but this one seems to be particularly special. A must for any music lover!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I must say that while I truly love Enya's music, this album is my least favorite of all of hers.  It is good, don't get me wrong, but I do not feel as engrossed in the music on this one as I am in the other ones.  Ok, so maybe, Enya has bored me a bit this time, but some of the tunes are awfully good, such as, &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; and &quot;Anywhere Is.&quot;  So, I would never dismiss it as a poor pick, and I do feel that it is a valid Enya album.  It is full of beautiful songs (as is the case with all of her records), and the vocals are ethereal as always.  I would recommend it, though if I were you, I would let this be my first Enya experience, for the rest in the line, and those before it, are, to me, a little better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "[One CD, with a running time of 44 minutes.] Ah...this wonderful CD shows off Enya's silky smooth voice. The eleven tunes are hauntingly beautiful. I won't try to categorize her music, it is simply too rich and complex.The paperwork includes the words to ten of the songs (The Memory of Trees is a musical number), and two nice color pictures of Enya. (I love extras!) So, if you like Enya's past hits, then I think that you will like this one as well. Buy it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Cuarto disco de Enya, y el cual demuestra cada vez m&aacute;s la intenci&oacute;n de  dirigirse a un p&uacute;blico m&aacute;s masivo (la canci&oacute;n \"anywhere is\" dif&iacute;cilmente la  habr&iacute;a relacionado con Enya de haberla escuchado sin saber que el disco es  de ella); sin embargo, en otras de sus melod&iacute;as ha depurado su estilo tan  particular, haciendo de este disco una compra obligada para cualquier  persona que admire la obra de esta artista. De hecho, podr&iacute;amos decir que  esta es una excelente elecci&oacute;n para adentrarse poco a poco al mundo sonoro  de Enya, ya que este disco resulta m&aacute;s f&aacute;cil de escuchar que sus  anteriores. Si lo que desea es tener un muestrario de lo mejor de esta  artista, probablemente le convenga m&aacute;s comprar el disco \"paint de sky with  stars\"; una recopilaci&oacute;n de lo mejor de sus cuatro discos."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I heard this CD at a friends and when track 4 Athear Neamh came all it was breathtaking.  The clarity of voice and the beautiful smoothness bluesy oboe-like flutey vocal range is gorgeous.  I mentioned it to my friend and she said this is her favorite Enya CD.  Admittedly I got the CD just for the one track and I'm not sorry.  This remains one of the best in my collection of great songs and I can record it alongside other greats e.g. Dean Martin or The Carpenters and Enya measures up.  My husband and I also picked out China Roses as a good track.  Rarely does one finds a CD where just the one astounding track is worth the price of an entire CD, but this is one of those jewels."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively \"Anywhere Is\", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, \"China Roses\" is the most delicately crafted song. However, \"Once You Had Gold\" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. \"On My Way Home\" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm an Enya fan, to be sure, and this CD offers a nice  &quot;mix&quot;,(for lack of a better word) of styles. &quot;Pax  Deorum&quot; with it's chilling Latin refrains. &quot;La Sonadora&quot;  having a Spanish torreador ballad feeling, and the absolutely beautiful  refrains in &quot;Athair Ar Seamh&quot; display her vocal and writing  talents. And who can deny that &quot;China Roses&quot; is one of the most  smooth,sweet vocal pieces to grace a CD?? The Memory of Trees is a stellar  Enya disc!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I started my Enya collection with The Celts, and quickly added Shepherd Moons and Watermark, and I really liked those.A few years later I got The Memory of Trees, and I was disappointed.  Although there were some good pieces on this, it really wasn't as good as those first three.  It seems that this just lacks originality.That might seem a bit unfair, because 'lack of originality' may be attributed primarily to my familiarity with Enya's music, so that anything she does is going to start sounding just like her previous work.  However, some of the selections on this release seemed weak.Another way of putting this is that this release was too commercial.  It just appeared to have been cranked out for the money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Enya is in a class all by herself.  She envokes feelings and images that take you out of reality.  So many others have copied her sound (ala James Horner in TITANIC) that it's easy to see how much of an influence she has been.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a classic album.  From the emotional first track instrumental to the enchanting &quot;On My Way Home&quot;, Enya has created a pallete of wonderful pastimes and tragic metaphores here.  Yes, I would consider this pop/new age music.  And there's nothing wrong with that.  There are a number of people that don't like Enya.  There are jokes on South Park about her.  And that's good.  It shows how much of a musical force she is.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a good collection of material from a very important artist, who I hope will never give up her love of music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This CD is absolutley FANTASTIC!!! How can this woman do this over and over again?!?!?!?  This CD is relaxing, and I think the songs found this CD are like the day's intervals of a person's daily activities.  The song \"The Memory of Trees\" is like the arousal of a person from sleep, and greeting the morning sun or the welcoming of a spring rain.  The song sings of itself: a tree's memory of its youth.  Not ... only [do I]REALLY enjoy THIS song,  but I also enjoy the songs of \"Pax Deorum\", \"Althair Ar Neamh\", \"China Roses\", \"Hope Has a Place\", \"Tea House Moon\", and \"On My Way Home\".  This CD is absolutely relaxing, serene, and caliming to the tempestuous spirit.  I fall asleep with having visions as I am listening to this CD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought Flyleaf's CD over the weekend and just had to put up a comment about it.  I would not rate this CD my favorite that I have bought in the past year but I would certainly put it into the top, oh I don't know, 20.  It is a good CD having many good tracks on it, but listening to Fully Alive on the radio then buying the CD and listening to the entire CD, the CD was different than what I expected, so that could be altering my judgement on it.  There is a bit too much screaming on the first track and another on it, I don't remember which one.  Buy the CD because it is worth your money, just don't buy it because you really like Fully Alive because many of the songs on the CD are not like that song, they are a bit heavier than that.  A good CD overall and I will be buying their next CD coming out."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The CD itself is good, but not fantastic.  I just got back from seeing them play live, though, and whoa!  They played a small venue here and tore down the house.  They are extremely energetic, the music is crisp, and Lacey sounded (and looked) great.  I went because a friend of mine had an extra ticket, so I figured what the heck.  I was not disappointed.  The CD doesn't do the live show justice, and for that I give it 4 stars.  If they're coming to a place near you, though, definitely check them out."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I got the Flyleaf EP and after hearing that I wanted to get the CD. The songs are changed a lot from EP, but still good. At first they sounded worse since they had lot of added effects or such to the song. After getting use to them I ended up preferring the versions on this cd, but still would recommend for people who liked this cd (I would recommend even more if you sorta liked band) to get EP since it has different sound. The lyrics change a lot between some EP and normal versions off the songs, mainly I'm So Sick. The acoustics also change lyrics a bit, mainly Cassie. it's a good CD with lot of nice sounds, but many have a religious reference (some very directly)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a huge fan of Evanesence and I stumbled upon this band. They are a definite rock band with a Christian twist but anyone can enjoy it. Cassie is probably the most religious of all the songs (talking about the girl at Columbine who answered \"yes\" if she believed in God so the shooters killed her). This is a great band and the singer reminds me of Amy Lee, except minus some of the lung power. I love most of the songs on here such as \"All Around Me\", \"I'm sorry\", \"I'm so sick\", and \"Cassie\". If you have heard any of Evanesence, this band sounds similar. I really enjoyed this CD and have listened to it a lot."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "THE BAND LACEY MOSELY LED IN 2007 I WAS INTO HER CD AND DVD WITH LYRICS OF I,M SO SICK I FEEL THAT WAYI GREW UP WITH MY MOTHER AS A TEENAGER SHE DIDN,T ALLOWED ME TO FAIL WHY I PUSHED MYSELF AND REBELLION I MADE IT SUUCESSFUL ! I,M FULLY ALIVE NEXT I LIKE NEXT AS  I,M DRIVEN SINCE TIME AS CASSIE DOYOU BELIEF IN GOD TO PULL THE TRIGGER?YES I WAS IN THE MINDSET  OF THE COLOMNBINE KILLERS  WHOM HADTAKEN THE FEMALE,S LIFE NO!I OWN THE CD IT MY FAVORITE MOMENT I WAS CAPTURED AT IRVING PLAZA TAKE THE STAGE AND DVD WITH ACOUSTIC SONGS AND FEW VIDEOS I RECOMMEND THIS IF YOU LIKE THIS AS A METALHEAD THAT MISSED THAT MOMENT OF TIME DON,T LET THIS ESCAPE AS A VIEWER NOT ONLY I POST MY COMMENTING ."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "MeTalHeaD4Ever \"DEath\" pretty much hit the nail on the head. This sounds like Avril Lavigne and Evanescence mixed together, which isn't a good thing! The grating vocals have already been described. The lyrics are generic, nu-metal tripe. Cristina Scabbia could kill this new girl in singing and songwriting. The guitar consists of power chords and no soloing. Why have 2 guitarists if they do the same thing?! The bassist might as well just quit, since you can't hear him. The drums aren't special either.All Tracks: 0/10Avoid this garbage, and get Lacuna Coil's new CD instead."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I picked this up because the local radio station, 897powerfm.com, plays some of this bands songs on the air.  I LOVE this entire CD!  What GREAT vocals and lyrics!  I am a new fan of this band and I look forward to picking up their EP and future releases.The best way that I can think of to describe them is Broomtree vocals with Tree 63 or Benjamin Gate tunes.  The lead singer's voice is incredible, I admit that I like the fact that a woman can yell like that.This one is going on my MP3 player and on my review forum at [...]"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm willing to admit \"Cassie\" is a decent song. However, the album as a whole I hope I never hear again. I had a friend who would play this cd while I was in the car so thankfully I never wasted money on it. Lacey's voice is powerful which is great but would sound a whole lot better if she didn't use it.A lot of reviews seem to praise the song \"I'm So Sick\". It uses a very simple, repetitive melody which some bands can pull off but it doesn't work here. The same four notes stick in my head for hours along with Lacey's whiny voice miraculously getting more and more annoying each time. It sickens me that so many other listeners think this is good music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Dude this band is awesome. I saw these guys in concert and they are AWESOME. They put on a really good show. That's where I really got to hear them and I've loved them since. What attracted me the most is that the lead singer, a girl, what screaming. I've never heard a female do screamo. It's freakin' awesome. And her voice is so unique. I love it. I highly recommend this CD AND I recommend going to see them in concert because they rock!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Flyleaf has found quite a bit of success touring with bands like Deftones. Their lead singer is female, and she is tiny at that. But don't let that turn you off. This isn't another average girl fronted metal band, like Kittie. She is able to convey so much emotion into every song it is unbelievable. It is a very solid cd. No filler. I'm excited for their next one too, because I think they have tons more potential. I mean, they've already sold over 500,000 copies of this one, which is pretty darn good. I don't think that everyone will like them, though. But if you're looking for something different as far as vocals go, try them."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "You've got to love Lacey Mosley's voice.  As the diminutive frontwoman of Flyleaf, Mosley's vocal range is anything but.  She can wail with the best rock frontmen, blasting out lyrics of anger and confusion, and then quickly turn the tables and deliver something swooning and seductive.  She can hold your heart in her hand tenderly. Or crush it with a single squeeze.  Listen to \"All Around You\" and  \"I'm So Sick\" back to back and you'll catch my drift.  This eponymous debut, though plagued with many typically debut album problems, works more often than it doesn't, and showcases the group's potential."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My friend Melissa got me into Flyleaf just recently. Man have i been missing out!i absolutly love All Around Me and Sorrow, but the rest of the CD is worth a listen too. I also like There for you and Fully Alive. very powerful songs, with lyrics that arent just any old lyrics, you actually feel the emotions in these songs. Plus there are acoustic versions, a definete must.The dvd includes footage of the performances as well as the videos for I'M So Sick,Fully Alive and All Around Me. the videos are awesome. You like Flyleaf, get this!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It has been brought to my attention, by the people who left comments, that the review I wrote lacked good judgement and taste. It is one thing to say you don't like something, but to be rude and belligerent is wrong; nevertheless, I still do not like the band, and, therefore, I won't raise the amount of stars I gave at first, but  I do detract the words Appalling and vacuous.Fans of the band, please forgive me for being rude.The original review is below.The four and one half star rating of this album is beyond me.  The music is substandard, the singer, appalling, and the lyrics, vacuous! If you are looking for a female-fronted metal band, buy Tristania, Epica, After Forever, or Within Temptation.  This is a \"Fly leaf\" from a horrible book!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Flyleaf has a hard-edged sound that combines raw, aggressive rock with some interesting vocals.Although it is not a type of music that is my usual taste, this album has a couple of quite memorable songs.  The band also injects some substantial meaning to their music.  Most of the songs start off quite angry, but there is a resolution to them that turns them around.Some of their lyrics are clearly Christian; others are more indistinguishable.Although I might not recommend the full album, there are some songs that are worth checking out on ITunes or elsewhere to see if one likes this.  I suggest checking out the following:  I'm So Sick, Cassie, and All Around Me."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've been a Skillet fan for years, and they just keep impressing me more with each album.  \"Comatose\" is a great blend of driving, hard rock with quick (though constant) infusions of synth rhythms.What's most amazing about this album, however, is the lyrical intimacy the band achieves in the midst of such hard rock.  Songs like \"The Last Night\" and \"Yours to Hold\" contain some beautiful lyrics of love, but they're couched in the midst of the screaming guitars and driving rhythms.\"Rebirthing\" and \"Whispers in the Dark\" show off the band's hard rock edge, while \"Say Goodbye\" and \"Looking for Angels\" are excellent ballads.  Overall, another winner from this incredible band."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This CD is fantastic.  I heard Rebirthing on the Gospel Channel and owned the CD within a week.  Naturally, I listened to Rebirthing until I couldn't take it anymore (which was quite a while).  Once I did, I realized, every track on this CD is worthy of the same airtime as Rebirthing.  I don't say that lightly.  I'm very stingy with my cash on CD's having grown up when they cost over $20 and all you got were 3 great songs.  Now I usually buy the download song for .88 cents rather than splurge on the entire CD.  Rebirthing made me buy the entire CD and I'm glad I did.  This music rocks."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Most bands seem to peak with their first, second, maybe third album. Well, it took Skillet a decade (and I don't know how many albums later) to produce a truly great album. Here, finally, is the mature, creative, talented Skillet that's been waiting to bloom, separating them from the mass of mediocre Christian grunge-metal bands out there. Yes, this album is a little more polished and has greater pop-sensibility than their previous work, but it's entirely for the good. From beginning to end, this album does not disappoint. They truly should get mainstream play with this album. It's hard to pick favorite tracks, but I would point you to \"The Older I Get\" and \"Those Nights,\" plus, of course, the fantastic first single, \"Rebirthing.\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a great album for your collection.  I have known skillet for a long time and have all their cd's and I recommend it.  If you struggle with drugs or know someone that does the song \"Your Better than Drugs\" is a good song to listen to or to give to someone to listen to.  I personally know people that this album has helped them through struggles they are having in life and not only that the music is just very well written and performed if you have ever seen them live.  SRE records has done a great job with this release along with Disciple, Decyfer Down, Jonah 33, and Flyleaf.  Skillet's Comatose album is by far their best so far in my opinion and God is using it for His benefit."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been a longtime skillet fan, and i am so shocked by all the reviews for this album. Ever since Skillet got a tad bit of mainstream success a few years ago, i have been so over this band.But when I heard Rebirth, I became interested in Skillet again. But when I bought this album, I quickly got tired of them again. John Cooper (Lead Singer) is married to keyboardist (Korey Cooper) and yet the album is all about broken relationships. So does that mean that the married couple is having trouble and just staying together for the band or what. I am so confused by that, and then I remembered if anyone christian band wants to be a secular artist it is Skillet, and I just figured they're trying to be more mainstream.If anyone knows anything about the Skillet history, you know that they just keep jumping from genre to genre and this guy here won't buy into it again."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Pre-Script: This is the only Skillet I own and have ever heard (I'm a new fan) so I don't want to say this is their best work cause I'm not sure, however here's my review for \"Comatose\":My Review: Well, the songs have already been rated so I'll leave them out but this is definitely a must-buy. I think Skillet is doing a really great thing: spreading of my savior Jesus Christ through MY personal favorite type of music: HEAVY METAL! But one thing that should be added is that this CD has extrememely good sound quality. Like, I can;t explain besides excellent songs, the CD opens up with crystal clear audio on \"Rebirthing\" and throughout. It's like an HD-CD.GO SKILLET ANED BUY THIS CD!I also reccommend:Demon HunterToby MacUnderoath"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Let me start off by saying this album is absolutley amazing!!!! There are no fillers here. Every single song could be released as a single! I highly recommend this album to all lovers of Christian rock. This album defintley ties with there 2004 album \"Collide\" for there best album yet. Skillet is really the best christian rock band out there hands down! From the very moment you hear the first track and single \"Rebirthing,\" you'll be left absolutley speechless and amazed at how wonderful and breathtaking it is.  It will suddenly make a christian remember the first time they accepted Jesus Christ into there life as Lord and Savior, and became a new creation and are now living for love just as he did.So please do yourself a favor and buy this now! You won't be disappointed by any means!! Skillet continues to deliver great awesome Christian rock tunes with each album and this album continues that. BUY NOW!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Even though I do enjoy most of the music Skillet puts out, I wouldn't exactly call myself a 'panhead'. However, with the release of \"Comatose\" I am one step closer to becoming a 'pan-head'. This album is a true work of art. I admire the way they sing with so much passion. Their lyrics are thought-provoking and strike right at the listener's heart. The music (guitar riffs included) keep you drawn in.Some of my favorite songs from the album are: Rebirthing, Comatose, The Last Night, Yours to Hold, The Older I Get, Those Nights, Say Goodbye and Whispers in the Dark.I highly recommend this album if you want to listen to some down to earth Christian rock!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a worship arts pastor in Pennsylvania. Normally, on an album like this. I am able to find 3 or 4 songs that I really like or really think would work well in our worship services. On this album, for the first time, I am having a very hard time finding even one or two that WOULDN'T work well in our services.Chris is a very gifted songwriter, the band it tight, the sound is great. Whether just listening, using for your own private worship, or using as a resource for a church... It's a SERIOUS winner!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Chris Tomlin has this down to a science now; he gets the best of both worlds every time he releases an album. First off, he gets heavy radio play and secondly his songs are sung in churches by nearly every worship team in the U.S., thus CCLI royalties. He deserves every penny!In life we all want to make a difference. Musically, some do it better than others. Chris chose to worship the Lord though music, and it's obvious that he strives for His excellence. He succeeds, over and over again. Bottom line, Chris is the Keith Green of the 21st century.Full song by song review available at [...]"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I thought that 'Arriving' by Chris Tomlin was great.  This one is even better.This artist is pretty much in a class by himself when it comes to praise and worship music.  This album is packed with songs that sound great, have Christ centered lyrics, and are also songs that churches can sing in their services.  Very few can pull that combination off like Tomlin does.Here are some of the best tracks:  How Can I Keep From Singing, Made To Worship, Let God Arise, Glory In The Highest, Awesome Is the Lord Most High, Everlasting God,  and Amazing Grace.I highly recommend this for anyone who loves great worship music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I really liked Mythology and Black Utopia, though the engineering / mix on BU was poor. But this album is even worse. Musically it goes no where. Almost like he was trying to copy previous attempts but ran out of ideas. The \"Featuring Billy Idol and Slash\" thing is an absolute joke. Some how he got these guys to do an absolutely horrible version of In The Summertime. It's so bad it's hard to believe any one would put it on a CD other than to draw attention and sales from the names. Too bad, I had higher expectations from this guy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ever since being frightened by that screaming red face I've always been intrigued and drawn to this delightfully twisted band... LTIA, however, stands as the masterpiece of a band with a lineup that has always been my favorite...Wetton, Fripp, Bruford, Cross and Muir. The first three were all solid, but the addition of Muir and his whacky purcussive additions just complemented Bruford's already excellent chops (I wished Bruford could have played for BOTH Yes and KC - Yes was never the same after he left). Anyway, getting back to the album - won't say much more than what's already been said - this is an acid-trip album with eery, sleepy, disturbing and head-banging ferocity that showcases Fripp and his mates at their best."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was exploring whether any album could come close to In The Court of the Crimson King after being completely disillusioned by groups like Fever Tree following their similarly near-perfect 1st album.  Same with Led Zeppelin, but that's another story.Of course it is not as good but immediately following the Crimson King album in a party setting with the sub-woofer on, it flowed together quite well.  Now I have to go exploring further as I did with Quicksilver Messenger Service until I had 8 albums, to see if there's another group to collect and study.  It looks promising."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, let me slam the guy who gave this one star because it has too much dynamic range. Note: I am a professional recording engineer and trust me....dynamic range is GOOD. Most pop albums are compressed to the point of being unmusical. Okay, end of rant. Now on to this disc: King Crimson is one of the best bands ever to make music, and this is one of their best CDs. We can argue whether it's THE best or one of the top three, but come on, we're splitting hairs here. If you are open to challenging and wondrous music, buy this. Now. I mean it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Just from the title you can tell this is going to be a little different from your average Rock & Roll excursion. And different it is. Is this even Rock? Well whatever it is, I like it. This is probably my favorite KC album, although \"In the Court\" and \"Starless and Bible Black\" are barking at its heels. I don't think words can convey the sound of this album so you'll just have to listen to it, but be forewarned, it is not for everybody. If you tend to like the Top 40 stuff off the radio you may want to take a pass on this one. If you tend to be a bit more adventurous might I suggest a darkened room, an easy chair, and the volume cranked rather high. Herbal supplements are optional."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A very good attempt by King Crimson on this set, using new singer, future Asia singer John Wetton, which is also on bass. Well anyways, this whole album is pretty inspiring with beggining to the end concepts. Starting with the title track which really rocks after the first 3 to 4 minutes of cymbals and xylaphones. Book of Saturday a little soft pretty good as far as sound goes. Exile a little more into the prog. My favorite on this album Easy Money, a lot here sounding as it could have gone on Dark Side of the Moon, as they were working on Money at the time, just a kick a** rocking tune with a kick a** beat to it. Then you get back into prog again with The Talking Drum, and the reprisal of Larks' Tongue in Aspic. Just a really good beginner album for those who never listened King Crimson, but heard of them. I would also prefer Three of a Perfect Pair too, very good and trippy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Welcome to KC, Mr. Bruford and Mr. Muir! The sometimes harsh percussion excursions on this album make for a truly unique experience. This album stands alone in the entire catalogue of KC material. Nowhere else is the use of percussion so thouroughly investigated than on &quot;Larks' Tongues in Aspic.&quot; From the maddening shifts in ferocity in the title track to the Pink Floyd-ish &quot;Easy Money&quot;, the two percussionists take center stage. I truly wish that Jamie Muir would've stayed on just a bit longer with KC; the material on &quot;Red&quot; and &quot;Starless and Bible Black&quot; seem eerily empty without his presence. Later in KC's exitence, when Pat Mostello joined the soon to depart Bill Bruford on drums (the &quot;Thrak&quot; LP), it seemed that indeed the members themselves yearned for the tight percussives of &quot;LTIA.&quot; The effort was too little, too late.Regardless, this album is possibly one of the best of the KC output. It is a must have."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The little chime sound you hear at the beginning is a kalimba, an african thumb piano. After being hypnotized by this you will then hear a very well played, quiet, fluttering violin (the sound of lark's tongues?)Don't turn  the volume up too loud here, because you will split your speakers when the  crescendo of acid guitars come wailing into your brain. This is music of a  sort you haven't heard, a classic example of acid rock, classical mixed  with rock, and some sophisticated noisy percussion and jazz thrown in. Hey,  relax, thats just the first track."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am listening to it right now. KC doesn't compromise. They are the Wagner of rock.Buy this and the complete King Crimson catalogue. If you don't like it, one of your grandkids will. Like lots of great music, King Crimson isn't appropriately revered in its time. One day, you'll be able to walk into any bar and there will always be least one Crimhead in the room.Music is my life. The music I am most passionate about is King Crimson.KC forever!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "With completely new personnel (aside from founding member Robert Fripp), a new lyricist and a new attitude, King Crimson returned with a vengeance on this, their fifth U.S. album. Adopting a heavier, more streamlined approach, the Fripp/Wetton/Bruford/Cross/Muir line-up sizzles like a volcano ready to explode. Gone are the gentle cellos and woodwinds of the previous LP, Islands - replaced with Cross' searing violin, Muir's eccentric purcussion and Fripp sounding heavier than ever on guitar. The mellotron is understated, while Wetton's bass thunders and Bruford manages the syncopated arrangements beautifully on drums. Highlights include the title cut (parts one and two), Exiles and the plaintive Book Of Saturdays. This album is considered the strongest post-In The Court Of The Crimson King album by the band (and really can't be compared to that album, as this is basically a completely different band - with similarities in name only)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the band reformed after a year's breakup with a new lineup except for Robert Fripp. Joining the band for this classic are ex-Yes Bill Bruford on drums, ex-Family John Wetton on bass and vocals with David Cross on violin, viola, and mellotron and Jamie Muir on all kinds of percussion. This is the band's best album since Lizard. Both Larks, Tongues(parts 1 & 2) are unlike anything I'd heard before or since, Book Of Saturday is a nice laid back jazzy tune. Exiles is a very pretty ballad that had been an instrumental back in the band's early days. Here it has lyrics written by new lyricist David Palmer-James. Easy Money which is a great rocker. A must have for anyone who even likes music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Simply, one of the top prog records of all time.  Hard to get into at first, but every listen penetrates your soul until you get fully addicted to one of the most gifted and original rocK groups of all time.  Specially  interesting to guitarrists, bassists and drummers. This line up can hardly  be any better in creativity and chops. Also recommended: Red, Starless and  Bible Black, and Discipline studio Cd's.  There is also a recent wonderful  live compilation called Cirkus."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was a fan of King Crimson from the release of the first album. I saw this band premier this album. I didn't like it at the time because it was so radically different than the first four albums. It has aged well. The mix of electronic instuments and effects with all the percussion is very interesting. Frip's soloing on 'Easy Money' is fantastic. I wonder if Fripp was subconsciously undermining the singer because John Wetton has a good voice but the performances and the recorded sound of the voice is just terrible but there's only three songs with singing. Regardless of the flaws the music is so creative and powerful."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This latest version of Larks Tongues is so close to the 30th anniversary version in how it sounds that I almost have to say I don't hear a difference. I know, all of you Crimson folks out their are just a rabid as all of you Gentle Giant fans reading this. If it's a new version you MUST have it. NO Choice. Well I can say that I did notice a huge difference when I listened to the 5.1. That is where this release really shines. Get it for that and the videos. You have NO choice!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a treasure mostly because the sound is unique to anything you will hear. No other artist will be able to imitate this sound, and even this very band, in any other lineup, couldn't imitate the sound. And it is definitely a cool sound.This is a great album to introduce yourself to King Crimson. The sound is very accessible, but remaining extremely experimental and artistic.The whole thing has a very dark and sinister tone to it, which definitely adds to the value of the music in my opinion.The album definitely isn't for everyone, and may put you in a weird mood if you listen to it too many times, or for too long, but I cannot deny that this is a class album.Also, don't judge the album solely by the samples that are provided on any website. :)The songs change quite a bit throughout."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've had the first King Crimson album for quite some time now, and I've always been a fan of theirs. This album, their sixth, released in 1972, is my new favorite. Can you imagine? Six albums over three to four years? Nobody does that these days, nobody! And don't even get me started with the Beatles! This is about \"Crim\", although I admit I love the Beatles as well... I'm still trying to figure out \"Larks' Tongues in Aspic, Part I\" on my guitar, and it's quite challenging! In the words of Sean Penn's character in \"Fast Times at Ridgemont High\": \"Awesome! Totally awesome!!\" Does anyone know of any available transcriptions of their music?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "OK, Here's the rundown - LTiA1 is pretty cool, although it runs a bit too long in my opinion.  Book of Saturday is an agreeable little tune with very nice vocals.  Exiles will remind you of the first couple o' KC  albums.Easy Money is similar to &quot;Cat Food&quot; and &quot;Ladies of  the Road,&quot;  The Talking Drum is pretty much a complete waste of space,  and finally LTiA2 is one of the best rock and roll tunes in exsitence and  is pretty much worth the price of the CD alone.&quot;Red&quot;,  &quot;Discipline&quot;, and &quot;The ConstruKction of Light&quot; are all  better KC CD's, but if you're a fan this is definitely worth the purchase."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "After listening to &quot;Starless and Bible Black&quot; which i thought was very good and had many beautiful moments, i was disappointed by Larks in that overall it sounded very dry and dull.  I fail to see what KC was trying to do when they recorded this album.  I wish they would have said something about that in the newspaper clippings in the albums liner notes.  Until i hear something about their purpose behind this album  i cannot apreciate this album from the standpoint of a music fan, there is just no emotion like there is in a Yes or Beatles recording.  &quot;Book of Saturdays&quot; is an ok song and &quot;Larks..pt.1&quot; is slightly interesting, but other than that i'm sorry i got this cd."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well worth it for people who like interesting rock music. A grower, it might take a few listens. Bruford left Yes to join crimson, it seems like a good move because he can show his talents more. Apparently this album was a bit of a nightmare to record. Larks part 2 rocks hard and the tune was used in a film.  There's lots of interesting pecussion tricks and good bass playing. Robert Fripp steals the show with his Easy Money guitar showcase. Some nice ballads and long instrumentals too. Worth getting. thank you"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The title of this review is a slight exaggeration, but nevertheless this album has a classical element to it. Violins take center stage here, and permeate throughout. This album is definitely an acquired taste; the songs have very complex structures and have to build momentum. In many ways, this album is very bold, in the form of being very different. The standout tracks are EXILES and LARKS TONGUES IN ASPIC PART 2. EASY MONEY is good too, and features great bass work. I recommend this album for those who want a very progressive sound, and appreciate something totally outside the box. The violin really carries this album. The second half of the album is unexpectedly heavier than the first half."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like the other Crimson reissues, this hits the mark perfectly. There really isn't more you could ask for. You get a remixed album, bonus tracks, original mix, DVD-Audio, audio DVD-Video and video. Again, the content on the DVD seems to go on forever and I still haven't finished exploring.  Having both formats is good because almost no-one has DVD-Audio, although it's obviously great if you do - I don't, sadly. Steve Wilson does a great job with this project, an album often upheld as the band's finest hour.  I like many of the early albums but I also get why it's so esteemed.  First impressions of the 5.1 mix are that it's fantastic, although I know that this is a matter of opinion in most cases. Crimson fans need it, casual listeners should get a single disc version."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Was not expecting to really like this as well as I did, but it was definitely Elvis at his gospel best.  I would prefer to listen to the CD's rather the DVD as you get pure music all the way through.  The DVD has a lot of talking and only part of each song which drives a person crazy trying to listen to it.  CD is very relaxing and has all the favorites - How Great Thou Art, I Believe, Peace in the Valley, American Trilogy, Bridge Over Troubled Water, Amazing Grace, In the Garden, Precious Lord, etc.  Would highly recommend these two CD's."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Once Shatner's Capt. Kirk character was described as 'a swaggering dictatorial braggart with delusions of godhood.?  That pretty much describes the performances on this CD! If you love the 'Golden Throats' type of comedy albums that weren't originally intended to be funny as they obviously are now, this is probably as good as it gets. Speaking of things that are unintentionally hilarious, given the ridiculous prices some people think they can get for a used copy, this CD just SCREEMS to be reissued.  Until then, if someone offers a used copy at a reasonable price, who knows, someone out here may actually buy it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Performance art, pure and simple, as William Shatner juxtaposes poetry with pop lyrics in this 1968 release.Shatner's wry sense of humor is concealed in his presentation; spoken word with dramatic pauses, which punctuates with an exclamation point - or three - his theatre of the absurd. A parody on the pop culture of the day, it transforms \"The Captain\" into a vocalist with wit and a laugh.....seemingly a bad combination for someone who is supposed to be cruising the galaxy with a Vulcan, Scotty and Bones."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There is no possible way you can give this a one star review for its awfulness, because there's just no point. You absolutely have to give it 4 or 5 stars on its entertainment value alone. I, like millions of others, grew up watching Star Trek, but I would recommend that people become attached to Captain Kirk before listening to this puppy, because you will either cringe or throw yourself off a bridge if you listen to 'The Transformed Man' and then watch Star Trek. It'll just ruin everything. Now I must say Shatner wasn't quite as bad as he seems with the poetry filler, but I just listened to this album a month ago and haven't stopped laughing. Trust me, with 'Mr. Tambourine Man' and 'Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds' in your life, done in the drunk-as-hell Shatner style, you'll live longer."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I would give this five stars, but I can't in good concience. Venturing further into space than he ever did on star trek, shatner creates one of the all time best comedy/party albums.actually, the orchestral music is pretty clever throughout, and the rearrangements, while as cheesy as cheesy can get, are at least DIFFERENT sort of reinterpetation. it never gets old to hear shatner beller \"ONCE MORE INTO THE BREACH DEAR FRIENDS!\" as he misinterpets and misreads shakespeare.i just bought this today actually: i had a burned copy for awhile, but i saw this and had to buy. A must for fans of campy stupid crap, also a must for people who love shatner for all his talent and foibles. he has talent, i guess."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When the word \"wrongheaded\" was coined, it was in order to describe this record.  At first boring, but then, funny and funnier and funnier... !!  What?  What...?  What...???  Ohmigod this is so greatly BAD !!!  I nearly spray painted my draught of wine again and again listening to this... this... this... ...this... and then this gets boring again... and then suddenly hilarious again !!  You will be SHATNERED by this record!  I LOVE William Shatner's 2004 album \"HAS BEEN\" which is a wonderful, contrite listen.  It is without doubt overshadowed and informed by this unique recording.  There would not be \"HAS BEEN\" if there was no \"TRANSFORMED MAN,\" but I must confess, now a late-era Shatner fan, that this record is beyond embarrassing and enters the realm of UNREAL.  THANK YOU BILL !!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Here on CD we have the \"legendary\" album by William Shatner.  You may have heard his ridiculous renditions of \"Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds\" and \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" on theGolden Throatsalbum.  Actually, both of those songs are excerpts of medleys, with \"Lucy\" being paired with a monologue fromCyrano de Bergerac, and \"Tambourine Man\" being paired with an obscure poem called \"Spleen\".  See, the idea was to show Shatner's acting range by having him play two different emotions on the same track.  Of course, this being Bill Shatner, he overacts every emotion.  This is a terrible album, but it is the Holy Grail for collectors of bad celebrity recordings."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Borrowing a term Maddox once used, this album is an aural holocaust. The reason to buy this is to laugh at how terrible it is. While other more musically talented men avoided the problems of turning such classic rock songs as \"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds\" into spoken word, Shatner attacked them...and then failed miserably. Surprisingly his music is possibly even more overdramatized than his acting and has unnatural melody-killing pauses for effect embedded throughout each song. It prevents casual listening or just enjoyable listening other than for comedic purposes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love this album, but from a purely technical perspective I have to admit it lies somewhere in between spoken word, a vegas cover act, and torture. It's awful, but hysterically awful.Shatner can't sing either. However, like Plan 9 from Outer Space, it's so nonsensical, it borders on great. I mean really, who thought setting up the theme from Cyrano and Mr. Tambourine Man as a medley was a good idea? His Mr. Tambourine Man is the most hysterically awful cover. Ever. The arrangement sounds like Mr. Tambourine Man does broadway, constipated.Spend the dollar."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Much debate has stemmed from this album - was Shatner playing a great practical joke on his fans or was he actually serious in reinterpreting the pop hits of the day to get his credentials in the Peace & Love Generation? Either way this is hilarious, and manages to be my favorite outsider recording aside from The Shaggs' \"Philosophy of the World\". Shatner's stone-cold emotionless renditions of \"Lucy In the Sky With Diamonds\" and \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" are cult favorites for good reason, and remain the most popular tracks off this album. However, the rest of the LP is just as classic. The good thing about William Shatner is that nowadays he realizes he IS William Shatner, and can look back at this ablum and enjoy it (I have yet to hear his new recording \"Has Been\"). One of the greatest mysteries in popular culture is wether this is a conceptual comedy masterpeice or a serious attempt at something meaningful. Either way, its a must-buy for fans of camp and kitsch."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What can I say about this delightfully horrible recording that hasn't already been said? Shatner's ridiculously overdone Shakespearean soliloquies, paired with old pop standards that he talks through (rather than actually sings), is one of the greatest &amp; most famous `goof' albums ever made! It's truly bad, yet you just can't help but listen! My two faves are his covers of `Mr. Tambourine Man' and `Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds'. In both of these, he sounds like he's comin' down off of some really bad trips (which I believe was the idea in the first place!). Just cue this up at your next big Trekkie eppie marathon and let `er roll!`Late"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ananiashvili has the confidence that comes from knowing that she does not have to compromise with the laws of physics.  The rest of the company-- and I dare say the orchestra (it's Japanese)-- is not world class but good enough, but it is the prima ballerina \"natural\"  who rates five stars.  (Rothbart actually bops Odette on the noodle accidentally with his hand in Act 3.)  Particularly noteworthy are Ananiashvili's beautiful long arms, which undulate like fronds in subtle undersea currents.  She understands her characters, stays in character, and is charismatic.  See also her vivacious performance in Don Quixote."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have it and the Bolshoi and Royal Ballet at Covent Garden in VHS, have loved Swan Lake since 1948. This is the best performance I have ever seen. Makhalina is amazing, astounding, inspiring, awesome as both Odette and Odile. I haven't seen anyone handle the arms so perfectly, apart from the poetry of the rest of her body. Zelensky matches an astounding physical performance to a great ballet interpretation of the music and the drama. The  Corps de Ballet discipline and artistry are impressive; the Pas de Quatre in the second scene of the first act is my total favorite. Love the whole thing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this dvd to see the principals perform one of my favorite ballets and I was not disappointed, much. Both Ananiashvili and Fadeyetchev give wonderful and accurate performances.  This version is pretty much a traditional one, with most of Petipa's ideas.  I was a little disappointed that there was not much very new, exciting, and technically challenging, as one should expect at this point in ballet history.  The prince does not dance much in the first act, but they have given him a new solo adagio, which was refreshing.  Another refreshment is the fourth act which uses some music that is often cut out.  All the acts are a nice full length.  Aside for the sedate principal dancer's choreography, everything else is well done:  the costumes, sets, group choreography, and the character dancing.  Maybe this would not be my first choice in traditional Swan Lakes, but if you have a collection, as I do, this should find a place in it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've dreaded writing this review, as to do it justice I would have had to spend several hours writing down all the wondrous nuances of orchestration, choreography, dance by both principals and corps, as well as the superb videography to do it justice.  To take the lazy man's way out, let me just summarize that in 60 years of viewing this ballet, both in person and in recordings, this is the most enjoyable and artistically perfect of any I have seen.  In particular, not wishing to take away anything from my love for Maya Plisetskaya, I think Yulia Makhalina is far and away the best Odette/Odile of any I have viewed.  This is the video I would show first to anyone who has not yet discovered the wonders of ballet."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I guess my main concern with this film is that it plays out far more like a concert special than a documentary.  While watching Janis Joplin sing with all the soul and heart needed to sell practically anything is a delight, I really wanted more insight into who she was as an artist and as a human being.  Instead I was merely shown a few short interviews spliced between concert performances.  There is no depth here, unless you read between the lines of her music (which tells a very strong story and yet just isn&#8217;t enough here).  If you want to experience her music, raw and unfiltered then I suggest seeking this out, but if you want a true documentary on the life and times of Janis Joplin then you are going to be disappointed here."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an entertaining video - I was delighted to see the concert clips of Janis singing. I'm glad someone was recording her singing live in concert; it truly shows the powerful and passionate performer that she was.  However, I came away with the feeling that deep inside, Janis was really a sad person despite her success and free-spirit. This is evident in the interview at her high school reunion. One can also tell in the various interview clips whether she was on something, drunk, or straight.Janis was truly a unique and gifted yet tormented woman who, to this date, no other singer can surpass. She embodied the spirit of the 60's and there will never be another like her. It's such a shame she died so young."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Janis contains footage any Janis Joplin fan will appreciate. There are roughly a dozen killer live performances that really show how she belted out that emotion, including songs performed at Woodstock, Monterey Pop, and  the Dick Cavett Show. There are also alternate versions of a few songs,  such as a slightly different &quot;Summertime&quot;. You get a glimpse into  the recording studio and even get to see clips from her ten-year high  school reunion. This video is worth every penny, especially since video of  Janis Joplin seems so scarce... all that I have found is Monterey Pop VHS,  Janis VHS, and the Woodstock DVD. Technically, I guess I could also count  American Pop."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Unfortunately I was not around when Janis hit the scene, however, watching this video makes me realize who she was as a person and entertainer.  I really love this and could watch it over and over.  I like the way they did the video- it has mixed studio sessions along with live performances and interviews with Janis all sprinkled together throughout.  Just listening to Janis talk is very plesant since you get the feeling that she was a hurting sole deep down but extremely intelligent as well.  She really knew how to rock a crowd though and all her performances- she gives it her all.  Many times after a live performance you see the audience come to their feet and clap.  I hope in the future they come out with more of these videos of Janis or at least put this on DVD- it's so neat to watch! 5/5 definitely"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This tape is a must for any serious Buffett fan!  I have owned this tape for many years, and I still watch it over and over again.  It was recorded in the mid-1980's, so Buffett's newer stuff is not included.  However, most  of the songs that have made Jimmy Buffett a household name are included.  The video contains one hit after another.  I especially liked &quot;One  Particular Harbor&quot;.  Buffett is awesome!  If you are a  Parrothead, YOU MUST PURCHASE THIS TAPE!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Deuter: try the soundtrack for the tunes cut short by the movie..five discs have all the movie stuff plus all the extra's.The movie itself is awesome. I've been waiting for years...my Laserdisc version holding me over until this fabulous release. The remaster with the improved sound is excellent and the extra stuff is a great bonus. David Lemieux (dead archivist) promises that they'll be more to come from this set of historic '74 Winterland \"farewell\" shows.P.S., the Dead wanted to document the ENTIRE Dead Head concert experience so all the audience coverage was deemed necessary as it aint a show without the Heads!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Grateful Dead Movie is a two-disc DVD showcasing the famous rock-and-roll band. Disc 1 (132 minutes) offers the movie itself, transferred from its original 35 mm film negative in High Definition and presented in 1.78:1 widescreen aspect ratio. Audio options include the original theatrical audio mix and new Dolby Digital 5.1 and 2.0 audio mixes from the master multi-track tapes. A feature-length commentary with supervising editor Susan Crutcher and film editor John Nutt as well as English subtitles offer an additional extra dimension over VHS copies. Disc 2 (175 minutes) is packed with extensive never-before-seen concert footage, bonus songs, a \"making of the animated sequence\" documentary, a photo gallery, production notes, and more. An absolute must-have for Grateful Dead fans, filled to the brim with excitement, majesty, and thrilling music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "this is an old movie starring animated farm animals in which this little girl plays with wilbur the pig a lot.what she doesnt know is todays porkbelly pigpen playmate is tomorrows barbeque.the spider likes wilbur too,so she spins messages of praise to wilbur for all to see.everyone gets in a uproar over this fascinating phenomenon and they hope to save wilbur this way.kids like it but theres a dead charlotte at the end so the emotional ones will be in teers.it is very much consistent with the book.my 4th grade teacher read it to us.its good too.the author e.b. white also wrote the trumpets of the swan and stuart little also.the message here is dont hold onto nothing for too long.especialy a big fat farm pig filled with pork chops and bacon.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmm."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Everything is wrong in the disaster as all the charm, sadness and drama of this classic is gone. Charlotte should be a hairy spider with a Lucille LaVerne type voice, not a gorgeous arachnid with Miss Reynold's soothing tones. This is a story of friendship and self-sacrifice which is totally missing. And the tragic death of Charlotte, which is the highlight of the story, is simply glossed over. Along with The Cat in the Hat and The Grinch , Charlotte's Web is one of a trio of worst children's films of all time."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I loved this movie when I was little and so do my children.  A lot of reviewers have complained about death being a theme, but I disagree about that being a bad thing.  Death is a very real part of the world and kids shouldn't be sheltered from it.  I don't let my kids watch blood and guts movies, but the spider's very natural death is something I have no problem with.I also really love the music in this movie.  The songs range from fun to poignant.  I still know them all by heart from my own childhood."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Alright, if you've seen the film, you remember this lyric.This happened to be the first movie I ever saw at a theater (1974, when I was two months away from my tenth birthday). Loved it then and love it now.Perfect mix of pathos and comedy. The late Paul Lynde should have won a Mel Blanc award for his excellent turn here as Templeton the rat. To this day, the scene with him eating the corn on the cob like a typewriter has me in stitches.If you saw it as a child, see it again with the children in your life. Later for the new film- they got it right the first time.Hanna-Barbera showed they could give Uncle Walt a run for the money on this one."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "All I can say is casting Paul Lynde as Templeton the rat was a stroke of genius. Can you say *C*A*M*P* Boys and Girls?But the queeny sub-text will escape the intended audience, so not to worry Mom and Dad.E. B. White would probably object to most of the changes made here, but compared to the execrable and unconscionable changes made to his \"Stuart Little\" it is not even comparable and sticks somewhat to the original text.However, I strongly recommend that this story be reserved for five to seven year olds, for the theme of death of a loved one from the perspective of an innocent may be too much to bear for younger viewers.But if you can avoid watching this until you've read the original E. B. White story to your children you will have given them a treasure of memorable American narrative prose."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "for whatever reason with CHARLOTTES WEB it hasen't been digitally restored.this movie is just as good as any disney movie.but hasn't got the same treatment as one of their animated features,i don't knowwhy.i normally prefer the widesgreen versions of most movies but in the case of this original classic i believe the full screen is better its clearer and brighter.so until this movie gets a well deserved digital clen up full screen it is. the movie is as wonderful as ever great story for children of all ages.great music and a wonerful family film. the original classic dates back to 1972 but surpasses the 2006 live action nick remake."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you're a fan of the award-winning book, then I predict you'll enjoy this movie as well. The animation is lovely, the music is superb, and the characters are simply delightful.This movie is very innocent and genuine, something that you don't see very much of these days; with all these R-rated movies packed with violence and vulgarity and sexuality and heaven knows what else. \"Charlotte's Web\" has none of that. It is nothing but pure gentility and pure fun for the whole family. I absolutely love it, and I'm definitely looking forward to the release of the live-action version."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is not a Disney cartoon so the look is different.  But the level of animation is fine and isn't even noticeable because the video itself is so good.The story, song, and voice talents are extraordinary and this film easily gets 5 stars.  Any cartoon that has Debbie Reynolds, Paul Lynde, Henry Gibson, Dave Madden, Danny Bonaduce, and Agnes Moorehead has got to be top notch.  The music is also well done.  And of course the story from E. B. White is one of the classics.Kids and adults alike watch and rewatch this in my home and I recommend it highly for your video library.  Nothing objectionable at all in the film.  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "CHARLOTTE'S WEB is a family oriented and delightful adaptation of E.B. White's children's classic.  A rare venture by the Hanna Barbera team into full length movies, the film benefits from its rich colorizations and cartoon-like drawings.  We meet all the loveable characters:  the runt Wilbur (Henry Gibson), the pig who enlists the spider's aid in avoiding the bacon farm; Charlotte herself (a winsome Debbie Reynolds), a spider who spins words into her web to ensure Wilbur's existence; the ravenous mouse Templeton (Paul Lynde), who becomes Charlotte's aide, in coming up with the right words; and countless others, including a dotty Agnes Moorehead as the triple speaking goose.  The songs by Oscar winning Sherman Brothers (Mary Poppins) are banal and forgettable (with the exception of the lyrical \"Charlotte's Web), but they don't offend the viewer too badly.  All in all, a delightfully entertaining film for the whole family to share."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Okay, all right, sorry if I had to *slam* such an wonderful, endearing classic (which it happens to be, for the record, so no sarcasm intended here), but what I don't get or understand is how Paramount could push something like this WITHOUT any bonus features (commentaries, behind-the-scenes info, and so on). I even once read where Debbie Reynolds said it took her two to three days for her to record the voice of Charlotte.Ever since 1973 (when CW first came out), children's TV/movies have taken nothing but a severe nose-dive, to the point where all you see nowadays is TOTAL CRAP.  Who cares how Saturday morning-ish CW was, in terms of animation and the voice cast?  All it shows is the versatility of both put out by Hanna-Barbera; there are probably those of us who don't seem to realize how good we had it then!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I recently went rug shopping for my new house.  I got bored and let my mom and aunt do the rest.  So I went to the movie corner and other than this, was not able to find any thing that wasn't disney, wee sing, or barney.  But this was the top.  It was full of songs, animation, and music, which held interest not only of children, but of adults as well.  I'm nineteen years old and discovered it when I was 4.Charlotte was spoken by Debbie Reynolds.  She played Cathy in &quot;Singing in the Rain.&quot;  I began to wish Debbie was in the room with me.  I want to meet her someday.I hope that Paramount pictures decides to do a drama re-make of it like they did of Stuart Little.Enjoy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is well done and I have had in my collection for years along with Domingo and Kiri in Covent Garden production.  I love them both but prefer Covent Garden just a little over this one due to the chemistry of Domingo and TeKanawa who's singing is better than Scotto's as she was beginning to dim vocally.  However, the two productions are so different that they are both required for any opera collection.  Domingo fans will just love him in what he used to say was his &quot;favorite role&quot;.  I recommend both versions!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The singing is great, with Scotto at top. Scotto acts as I've never seen her before and Domingo isn't bad in that either.  Levine's orchestral work is the best of his that I've heard.  The camera work is excellent too, with  almost flawless composition.But what sets this opera apart is the  passion and emotion binding these elements and its principals together,  rendering it much more than the sum of its parts.Yes, I thought that in  Act I they hadn't really gotten into yet, I wouldn't have minded a bit more  lushness from the orchestra, and the VHS sound is definitely no CD, but no  matter for a performance like this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Some of the reviewers here dont understand this DVD,It starts off saying it's a Docu-Drama and that says it right.  It pretends to be a interview of two outragious guy's living in a strange place.The interviews are comedy sketches and pretty funny.The Paul Stanley mansion is sorta like the Playboy mansion with hot babes are around and Gene Simmons libes upstairs and it's large and gothic, very good writing, it's more like a well made low budget movie with music videos inserted in.Speaking of videos, there is a good stock of videos included from the mid 80's to the early make-up performances. Some of the videos are \"Tears are Falling\", \"Lick it Up\", \"I Love it Loud\", \"All Hells Breaking Loose\", Heavens on Fire\", \"Beth\" and more.A+ video, get it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you've seen Motley Crue's \"Uncensored\", it's somewhat similar to this one. \"Konfidential\", \"Unplugged\" and \"Kiss My A**\" should also be picked up. So far the footage alone makes this one worth getting over the others. If you loved the 80s era KISS along with seeing some vintage clips, this one's the one you want to pick up.I would love to see them put out a full length blown out video collection from over the years worthy of being a companion to the KISS box set including the original 4 playing the songs from \"Alive\" and \"Destroyer\" from beginning to end."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "...the rest is really just Paul and Gene mugging into the camera.  This is truly the era of KISS where Paul and Gene felt that the make-up days were the past and the present was where it was at.  Fast forward to 1995.....the make-up was where the $$$ was.If you want a pretty good compilation of KISS videos then this is a good buy.  That's about it.  The \"interviews\" with Gene and Paul are arrogant and insincere.  They both take verbal shots at Ace and Peter for no good reason.This DVD is just average.  When will they just start putting full concerts on CD/DVD?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this video when it first came out in the 80's when I was in high school. At the time, it was the closest thing I could do to actually getting my heros in my house. I had/have all their albums - both the 70's, 80 and now 90's.Other people have talked about what's on it, and if you are a fan, it's a MUST. The only reason why it doesn't get a 5/5 star review is because of the serious lack of extras. Call me spoiled, but why couldn't KISS at least do a audio commentary?! How about bloopers? Anything?! It's just such a disappointment when other bands put out great DVDs that you can tell go the extra mile for their fans (ie: Def Leppard, Sum 41, etc...)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've seen it, and I like it.  The tunes are great, and this sort of thing was what every kid who picked up a guitar in the 80s dreamed of (fame, money, girls...okay, mostly girls, and lots of them.)  My only real problem  stems from one thing:  Why weren't Eric and Bruce allowed to have a little  more camera time?  I think they were in the thing for a grand total of 3  minutes.  the other 80+ seemed to be devoted to Gene &amp; Paul being  silly.  Good shot, but not quite a bull's-eye."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "KISS EXPOSED is hilariously funny! Gene and Paul give funny interviews throughout, and the videos are awesome! The half-naked girls through the video are expected in a lifestyle like this, and even the reporter gets a little involved at one point!  My favorite videos from it are \"Lick It Up,\" \"Tears are Falling,\" and \"Heaven's On Fire.\" It was interesting seeing the temporary guitar players, Vinnie Vincent and Mark St. John. I was rather disappointed that they hardly focused on Eric Carr and Bruce Kulick. Simmons and Stanley provide almost all the talking in this video, and discuss the band's history as well as crack jokes and do all kinds of things to annoy the camera crew! It love it when Stanley puts Root Beer in his Bran Flakes!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "No, I do no take Kiss seriously. But, at least, in their best years the released a lot of classic rock albums, with great tunes that influenced literally hundreds of bands to come.But in the middle eighties, they began to sell out to glam, and the mask was gone: the vanity and greed of Simmons and Stanley became clear for all to see. THat such hard-working and talented musicians became so shallow, it's something almost unbeliavable.This video (now DVD) is a fake from beginning to end, so bad as the newest SECOND COMING. The interviews are terrible, the girls aorund Paul Stanley's swimming pool are just models, most of them porn stars like Candie Evans and Blondi. As for the viedos, there are a handful of good old-ones, but most of them are from the glam phase.This DVD will add aboslutely nothing to you, just to Gene and Paul's pockets."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "For Pink Floyd and David Gilmour fans out there, a note of caution: this concert has no lasers, no pyrotechnics, and no giant inflatable pigs. In fact, there's just David Gilmour, his acoustic guitar, and a few musicians. Nevertheless, the scaled down sound works for this selection of Pink Floyd songs, some covers, and a (surprisingly) few Dave Gilmour solo pieces. The additional performers - a cellist, an oboist, a small choir, and a pianist, among others - help lend a fresh feeling to the old Floyd standards, but it's the covers and solo pieces such as &quot;Hushabye Mountain&quot; and &quot;Smile&quot; that really shine. &quot;Je Crois Entendre Encore,&quot; from a Bizet opera, and the Richard Wright song &quot;Breakthrough&quot; (featuring the artist himself on piano and vocals) are worth the price of the disc alone, but if you need more there are some good extras and bonus songs to add icing to the cake."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Acoustic Pink Floyd?!  Is it worth it?To a large degree, yes.  Gilmour plays a rather intimate show featuring some Floyd, some solo work, a couple of Syd Barrett's tunes, a cover or two or three, and a surprisingly good song from guest Richard Wright.  Excellent 5.1 sound and a few bonus features.It may not satisfy all of the Pink Floyd fans chomping at the bit for &quot;Pulse&quot; to be released on DVD (AND JUST WHEN CAN WE EXPECT THAT?!  GET ON THE BALL, WHOEVER YOU GUYS ARE!), but it is an interesting and satisfying consolation prize for the rest of us."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First -  I love David Gilmour...and believe he was more the 'sound' of Pink Floyd than Roger.  Upon reading reviews of this DVD \"David Gilmour in Concert 2002\", I bought it over the more expensive Royal Albert Hall DVD.  Mistake.  This one, though a quality performance, is not \"Pink Floyd re-visited\" and has ZERO songs from his first two solid albums from back in the 80s (David Gilmour and About Face).  It is a bunch of slow, 'On an Island' type songs from I don't know where and multiple versions of PF songs that all began to sound the same...  I had to fast forward several times.  The redeeming feature of this DVD is the Extras.  The DVD is 'only' $10, but I don't see myself ever watching it again so...not worth the money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Different, but outstanding nonetheless.  This is simply great music performed by a legend and a group of excellent musicians.  The versions of old (and not so old) classics are performed in an \"Unplugged\" fashion that enhances the essence of each composition.  I could not have enjoyed this concert more.  However, my only complain is that it was to short (that is why I rated it 4 stars instead of 5).....it seems to be a compilation of songs from a much larger set.  Don't be put by this though, this is a fantastic concert DVD.  The sound is fantastic and the widescreen anamorphic image is detailed and full of color.  I wholeheartedly congratulate the person, or persons that decided to release this DVD in widescreen anamorphic, nowadays, it is the only way to go.  Thank you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "...and this dvd prove it. Classics songs, an amazing good taste in selecting and performing those songs, which are in the heart of many ..Gilmour have the charisma of those who have everything clear....Of course, tracks like Confortably Numb (one of the 10 songs i loved more) and Wish you Were Here doesn't need too many words, but check out for the MARVELLOUS version of \"Don't\" and the SUBLIMEEEEEE!! \"Sonnet 18\"....This DVD deserves of all the attention. Don't miss it, please, and you'll be a happier person..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm a big Gilmour fan - love his solo output... think Pink Floyd without Waters was just fine... think his vocals and guitar was what made classic Pink Floyd \"classic\"...But, this DVD was sort of sad to watch.  The acoustic setting makes it all to easy to see that Gilmour has gone way past his prime.  He can no longer sing, and his guitar playing - without effects - is mediocre at best.I was absoutely certain that I would love this DVD when I bought it, but by the 6th song or so I was ready to turn if off.  I don't understand all the 5-star reviews... search out some of the lower reviews and you'll see they echo(es) my sentiment.BTW, for a better taste of Floyd from the 21st century, check out Roger Waters' \"In the Flesh\".  Even though I generally side with Gilmour in the Gilmour/Waters feuds, Water's DVD is infinitely more polished and entertaining than this one..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Prior to the release of the marvelous \"Live At The Royal Albert Hall\", this DVD is also something special. Biased as this review may be, since I am a fan from David Gilmour from his first solo release to his last effort \"On An Island\". The acoustic versions of some well known songs, \"Shine On You Crazy Diamond\" for instance, gives this set a feeling that you are witnessing an artist filled with divine inspiration and good taste. The DVD includes performances by Richard Wright and Michael Kamen, both brilliant musicians that departed too early!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I know I am gonna offend a lot of Gilmore fans, but let's face it, Roger Waters at least has been keeping physcially fit.  The first thing that came to mind when I viewed this was, \"Gilmore has really let himself go.\"  It looks like he has spent his free time eating donuts, ice cream, pasta and McDonalds.  And to add insult to injury, he plays wearing an old shabby t-shirt.I mean, if you are bloated and overweight, try to at least compensate and put on a decent shirt.  It is painful looking at his grimace through his fat face.  David, I respect your talents as a guitar God, but please get in shape or your gonna die early and not fully appreciate what you have accomplished in life."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I remember this concert well...but as they say of the '60s, if your can remember it you weren't there. I was a teen back then (September 1981) and like most of the hundreds of thousands of others there I was smoking myself a \"J\". Me and a friend got a good place as everyone packed in hours before the show. Then I had to take a leak. Unfortunately it took an hour of stepping over a mass of stoned people to find somewhere to go, and as the concert started I gradually found my way back.Mrs. Robinson starts it off. Then Homeward Bound, America, Me and Julio, Scarborough Fair, April Come She Will, Still Crazy, Late in the Evening, and it ends with Old Friends, Bookends, Sounds of Silence, and everything in between.It was a true musical happening."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a very, very good concert featuring most of the famous singing duo's best songs, of which there were many. There is a good mix of fast and slow songs and so-so stereo. Too bad they couldn't have re-mixed this in 5.1surround sound for the DVD.Simon and Garfunkel are such pros. The two harmonize so well it's amazing and even though they were live, playing in front of a mammoth crowd, most of their songs sound like perfect studio takes. Yes, a couple might not sound as good as those original studio recordings but some - thanks to the great backup band here - sound even better than the originals!  Best of all, there are no \"clunkers\" in this group.The boys looked a bit smug, but when you can draw literally hundreds of thousands of fans to a concert, I guess it's hard to be humble. They were real superstars of their music era."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is pretty good..including all the great Simon and Garfunkel classics.  Hard to believe the recording was made 22 years ago. Where has the time gone?  Holy Cow!!It seemed like they rushed through a lot of the songs, apparently to keep the crowd energized.  The slow songs, like \"Bridge Over Troubled Water\" and \"April\" were the best. Art Garfunkel's vocals, what he adds to vocal harmony is what makes Simon and Garfunkel.  Sure Paul Simon is good, but I'm more of a Garfunkel fan.GOOD BLAST FROM THE PAST.  IN 1982, I WAS ONLY 22 YEARS OLD...YIKES."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "somehow simon and garfunke will always have the power to draw me in and keep me there! and this is no exeption. the recording is great, and you catch the dialouge that you cant get on the album. the whole performance is  so moving (in a good way), even though it has its weak spots it is just  beautiful. with paul's soulful lyrics, and artie's voice this film is a  must have for everyone, whether you were there or not.as a john lennon  fan paul always makes me cry on the late great johnny ace. you really get  that feeling in all his songs though, that sinceriy that you can only get  from someone with true talent.please, get this video, you won't be  dissapointed!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The other 4 and 5 star reviews speak for themselves.  I'd like to correct a few misconceptions about this DVD, though.  Anyone who thinks that &quot;The Late Great Johnny Ace&quot; in not included on the DVD has not watched it all the way through.  Although not listed on the tacklist, it comes on right after &quot;A Heart In New York&quot;.  Another criticism was over the inclusion of seven Paul Simon solo tunes.  Paul Simon wrote almost all of S&amp;G's material.  In my book, any Paul Simon song that Art sings on is a S&amp;G song.  By that standard, there are only two Paul Simon solo songs.  Plus Art sings solo on two S&amp;G songs and his own &quot;A Heart In New York&quot;.  So I think it evens out pretty well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ok when i bought this video  i thought it wuz just pure music like led zeppelin live... well turns out itss more like a spinal tap than a live concert.. but it was ok .... i liked a few of the songs but like on rock and roll robert plant has a really low voice. but like i said b4 the video was pretty good. iguess if your a really big fan of zeppelin you'll like this cd but if your just a casual fan i'd skip it and buy the led zeppelin dvd if u want a video of them...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Anyone who owns any &quot;underground&quot; Zeppelin performances (or, for that matter, BBC Sessions) knows that this is NOT Led Zeppelin at their best.  In fact, the 73 tour may well have been their worst.  If you're a  fan, of course you have to own this, but if you're a REAL DIE-HARD FANATIC,  then send some blank tapes to someone in a newsgroup and get yourself a  copy of a performance from the early days or the L.A. shows of '77.  Then  you'll REALLY hear what Led Zeppelin was all about... and you'll realize  that 'The Song Remains The Same' was an unfortunate mistake."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This hd dvd is just incredable.I remember seeing this as a midnight showing at the local mall theater and thought it was great.Then I got it on hi-fi vhs and thought it wasnt gonna get any better than that.I was wrong.This hd dvd will blow you away.I know the format is going away but if you already have the player just go ahead and buy it.You cant beat the price! The audio sounds just f-ing great and the video looks like it was shot yeasterday.Unreal......and with all the extra concert footage it is a must have for any Led Zeppelin fan or any music fan in general.Buy this now."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The more I listen to Zeppelin, the more I see the brilliance of each performer.  However, if one has to shine the brightest, unfortunately he also fell the soonest.  There have been many great drummers - Pert from Rush, Grohl from Nirvana, Foo Fighters, Them Crooked Vultures (with John Paul Jones) to name just two- but in the history of rock and roll and even other genres, there has been few that can play the drums not only as a rhythm instrument, but as an instrument in its own right.  Bonham added so much to this group that it is completely appropriate to that they broke up after his death.  Nothing against Page, Jones or Plant - they are all incredible musicians in their own right - but Bonham is the clear star of this group.  Not just in shear talent but in musicality.  He was able to add to any piece not just with technical brilliance.  He knew exactly what each piece needed to make it perfect."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME brings incredibly intricate stellar performances by all band members, and there is MUCH more on this DVD.The unique footage of the band members at their homes, with their precious children, their backstage and off stage happenings, along with superior footage of Robert Plant riding along [I believe it's] England's countryside, is just magical.This DVD is a classic in its own right, capturing one of their greatest performances at Madison Square Garden in 1973.If you want to watch much more than a concert, and you truly love the legendary music of Led Zeppelin, THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME will bring you so much more than you could ever except from the band, just as they always do.The sound AND video quality of this DVD is OUTSTANDING. Truly a MUST See and Own for years of viewing and listening treasure.Barbara Rose, Ph.D., author or If God Was Like Man, Stop Being the String Along, and If God Hears Me, I Want an Answer!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Really I did -- usually along with Rocky Horror or a Jimi Hendrix film.  Had no choice since there was no video footage available to buy at the time.  Some parts are hokey, and it's a shame most performances are cut, but it's Zep in their heyday.  Does anyone else notice how much Crowe's \"Almost Famous\" rips off this movie (all the way down to the acoustic-accompanied limo ride through NYC)?  A better choice is the double Carruthers DVD.  That shows Zeppelin from their origins to their later years in un-cut performances."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was pretty impressed when I saw this when it first came out [in a theatre]. While its flaws are more obvious now, it is worth having for any Zep fan. The fantasy sequences are a bit silly at times, Planty's ego is too and some of the performances are a bit dodgy against Zeppelin's best work. But it is worth it just for the 25 minute 'Dazed And Confused', a magic moment in rock history, rambling but not a note out of place. Here and in some other parts, it is a joy to watch the band,Page especially, at work."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I made the mistake of buying the newest DVD before this one.  There is no comparison.  I was used to hearing these tracks from the album of the same name, and the movie format it is unedited, usually a good thing.  But I found the sound track fading in and out at the most inopportune times.  No Quarter from the album has the most riveting organ and guitar solo, but it must have been filmed on a different night for the film, because it is shorter and lacks bravado.  Yes, the fantasy sequences are a bit dated and cheesy but that comes with the territory of the film and when it was made.  Overall it is still good but nothing compares to the newest DVD for live musical content.A must for any Zep fan to have."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A nice collectible concert for living in the past as the song remains the same. Video transfer quality is ok considering the film is about 35 years old. Audio quality has been greatly improved and makes this title worthwhile for Zeppelin fans. This DVD replaced my VHS copy of the movie. The extras are also ok, nothing to get too excited about. If you are expecting the concert to look as good as modern day 16:9 standard DVD's let alone HD DVD's you will be disappointed. A must have for serious collectors as HD is being discontinued.  I give this release four flaming chilies as it is Led Zeppelin after all."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of Led Zeppelin's biggest concerts recorded at Madison Square Garden 1973. This DVD takes you through a great concert, showing group memebers at home, and in fantasy settings. Robert Plant really was at the top with his powerful raw vocals as well as Jimmy Page's guitar solo's that just rocked. Bonham's moby dick is just incrediable, and John Paul John's keyboard, and bass playing is smoothe. Their are so many classic tunes on \"The Song Remains The Same\" including Rock N Roll, Black Dog, Since I've Been Loving You, No Quarter, The Song Remains The Same, Dazed And Confused, Stairway To Heaven, Mody Dick, Heartbreaker, and Whole Lotta Love. This is a must have for the MUSIC FAN!! Highly Recomended!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "although i had hoped to see the complete show as it happened, due to some legal mumbo jumbo they couldn't mess with the film release. that said, the remaster job is excellent! i don't know why people are complaining? this is still an awesome set, and lets face it, how much visual material of Zeppelin is out there...(more in the vaults i hope, for a possible release down the road)...i love this package, and the remastered cd set as well!!! 5 star all the way!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Finally after many years of disappointment with this concert film, Page has set the record straight...He took over the controls and the result is a brand new Zep concert movie! The Blu Ray sound is great (MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT ABOUT THIS FILM SINCE IT WAS IN THE THEATERS)  5.1 mixed correctly. (for a change, not all the sound comes from the center channel, its mixed beautifully). There are very cool new stage edits not, for some reason, in the original cut. It was actually shot very well, just edited poorly (the original cut) Now I can safely say it is one of the best concerts film outs there! The 'fantasy' sequences are still dumb, but it was a sign of the times...You see why, if you never saw them, why they are still so popular!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Led Zeppelin never got any better than this. There are videos available of their '75 and '77 tours as well as footage kicking around from the Knebworth festival, but this band peaked in 1973 and for those of us who fell out of love with the band by \"In Through the Out Door\" and Plant's wretched solo  material, this video is a great reminder of why Zep was a sold out huge arenas and sold millions of albums.My faves are the title song with it's great 12-string and 6-string mix,John Paul Jones \"No Quarter\",the BEST solo on \"Stairway to Heaven\" available and an excellent show closer which I won't name in case you haven't seen this yet.This is how it should be and how this band should be remembered."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was glad to see that this movie was released on DVD. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the lack of extra's, the only difference is the trailer, other than that it is identical to the video  version. Of course DVD is better quality video and sound, and that makes  this a must for Zep fans everywhere. If you are a new fan to the group this  movie will solidify your enjoyment of the band, and unfortuantely is the  only official release of the band live, with some movie extras with members  of the band. Long live Led Zeppelin!  Lets hope they release some  unreleased concert footage on DVD next!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is still one of the best concert films ever made, one that holds up to repeated viewing not only for the quality of the performance but the narrative of the film.  While the fantasy sequences and photographic embellishments may seem kitschy to some, they hold up remarkably well, adding a mythic dimension to the music.This was the film that made me a Led Zeppelin fan, and it's great to have it on Blu-Ray.  The video is astonishingly good for a film of this vintage.  There's grain in some of the outdoor footage, probably due to its having been shot with cheap equipment.  Overall, the colors are bright, vivid and crisp, and the picture is razor-sharp.  The Dolby TrueHD soundtrack will knock your socks off.  Wait till the neighbors are out and crank it up!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When 'The Song Remains the Same' came out in cinemas way back in 1976 Led Zeppelin were really giving fans an experience of them 'Live' but on the big screen.Unfortunally fast forward to the year 2003 & much anticipated \"DVD\" is the complete picture of the career from 1969 to Knebworth 1979.Granted it was released several years ago, but it really needs 5.1 sound mixed. Still good to watch but showing it's age in production / camerawork & lack of any editing.A Robert Plant DVD would be a worthy edition to my collection if one does finally get released."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A great performance, unfortunately undermined by a director and editor who think the movie is about them. The \"dramatic\" sequences are moronic in the extreme, and it's amazingly annoying to have the camera cut away from the performance to such pointless scenes as a bridge going by from a car. As though a band of this caliber and power needs some kind of visual support to make it interesting. . .  And even when they do allow us footage of the performance, there are a number of places where the visuals and the sound are completely unrelated---not just out of sync but Jimmy Page playing some other song than the song we're listening to.  It's worth getting for the performance, if you can tolerate all the nonsense you have to wade through to get to it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having not bought this item I thought it was great. You may not have heard of Led Zeppelin because they are an obscure rock band from the 70's that now with the re-release of this re-release have released a new set of remixed re-releases that might, for the impoverished group, gain them some of the reputation they justly deserve. These tracks are remastered and remixed from the original remasters and remixed again to give a re-re-mastered quality remix, the likes of which you have never heard before. The packaging, which I haven't seen, is very poorly designed with flimsy card-board and undersized T-Shirt."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What can I say? This film was done in 1976 so visual editing was still,well, 1976 era type of editing. It's almost watching a home movie. Dont expect bright, crisp scenes. You'll realize this film has a ton of bugs as far as movie editing is concerned. Focus more on the music that these guys wrote and played. That's what this film is all about--- the music.The only sad note to this film for me is that I will never get to see John Bonham play again. He was to me the greatest rock drummer --- all time"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a bloated, self-indulgent, boring mess.  When this film came out, I remember thinking that if thisis the great Led Zeppelin, then they are quite overrated.  Some of the songs are way too long, the videosequences are almost laughable and Plant is either having a bad night or is already struggling to be thePlant of a few years earlier.  Get the excellent double DVD \"Led Zeppelin\" instead - way, way better.It not only shows the band at various points in their fairly brief history but does indeed demonstatewhat a terrific group they actually were.  In its wake, \"Song\" is now useless."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I must have seen this movie 20 times at the local theatre. Friday and Saturday nights at midnight they'd play Rock n Roll movies. I have never been able to stay awake through the whole movie. I thought at the time it was because we were staying up past midnight to watch it and we were just to tired to make it to the end. So when I picked up the DVD and brought it home after not seeing it for so many years I thought &quot;I'm finally gonna be able to see this movie from start to finish&quot;. I still fell asleep. This movie has not aged well. I LOVE ZEP. But this movie reminds me too much of Spinal Tap. The dream sequences.........Why are the there? The band looks very bored. They also seem to take this whole 'rock star' persona way to seriously. Spinal Tap was a spoof. This was not and looks like one. Long live Zep...........but you don't need this DVD in your collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Every so often, I get an urge to rent this movie...and as hard as I try, I can help but nod off during \"Dazed and Confused\". I used to feel ashamed...and then I'd be talking to people and I realized I wasn't alone!There are some truly great moments in this show (\"Since I've Been Loving You\" and \"No Quarter\" among others), but the poor camera work (very choppy and WAY too much time pointed at Plant's crotch), the dream sequences and the more \"mainstream\" song selection make this one a yawn-fest.THANK GOD for the new Zeppelin set! A version of Dazed and Confused recorded when they were still interested in playing it!!Much better than the version here.This one is for avid, die-hards only. If you want quality and more album cuts, get the new one...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm really a lucky man.Luckier enough to have this kind of work in my collection of cds, and now DVDs.This is an astonishing performance of one of the best rock'n roll bands ever.The performance of Jimmy Page is here,something i've never saw beforeand reveals all of the charismatic portrait this band ever had,specially among the brazilian youngers of my generation.The presence of Led Zeppelin music was a constant in my entire life.And what music!!!!!This is a fantastic gift to all of the new fans of good intense sensuous,amazing music.The performance of the band at &quot;Dazed and Confused&quot;is stelar!&quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;perhaps the most beautiful music ever recorded.Finally,all of this musicis a journey since the light begining,until the catharsis at that triumphant final!!A gem of the modern music.Something to get always at a special place of any great musical cds/DVDs collection!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a &#34;cleaned up and expanded&#34; version of the 1976 release.  The sound, arrangement, and bonus material are fantastic.  I have fond memories associated with the original version and this new version only adds to those wonderful memories.  Some fans and critics have stated that these concert clips do not represent Zep at their best.  But, for me, I think they still stand head and shoulders above anyone else --- both in terms of musicianship and entertainment.  Unfortunately, I never had the chance to see the band live, but through this DVD set, at least I can imagine."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Their are plenty of reviews discussing the content of the film / concert.  My review is specifically intended to address the transfer of this film to Blu-Ray.  The source signal (at least on my copy) indicates a 1080i transfer (not 1080p).  Still, this is the best available version of this package to date.  Film is grainy in outdoor sequences, however concert footage is more than acceptable when considering the source material is over 30 years old.  Purchased this copy over the Best Buy website in December '07.  As other reviewers point out, it has since been discontinued in this particualar format and re-release timing TBD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I use to be a big fan back in the day, and I recall enjoying this video a lot. Many years later, I am not quite so enthralled as I once was. Most of Page's solos are pretty sloppy IMHO, and Plant is off quite a bit as well. Some decent performances (Moby Dick is probably the best), but most are mediocore. As for the dream sequences, a bit goofy, but not that bad. Some interesting footage worked in as well. Worth a look if your a fan, but I would prefer to see a better performance from these guys."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Robert Plant and Jimmy Page were always somewhat disappointed with The Song Remains the Same, and it's not hard to see why...Some choppy and grainy video, not the highest-fidelity sound and certainly not one of their best live performances. But still, even Led Zep in a mediocre format is still 10 times better than just about anybody else out there. This is a also a great disc for younger Zeppelin fans to get a sense of what this band was like, including how crazy-huge they were, in their day.I actually like the cheesy shorts in this movie. It fits the mood of the time to a T, and they are funny besides."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was born in 1977 (around the time they cancelled the tour when Plant's son died), so I never got to see the Zep in concert. So I was pretty excited when I heard that this video was available a while back.But there are a few things that I noticed. Plant sounded like he was losing his voice, the music wasn't always synched with the video, too many &quot;cheesy&quot; (IMO anyway) effects, etc. This couldn't possibly have been the best footage available, could it? As much of a ZepHead as I am, I still cannot call this the best representation of them on film. It isn't, from what I've seen otherwise.Most expensive home movie ever made? Feels like it. I enjoyed the music, but the visual needed more work."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Since this set isn't coming out for another month (it's now October 16), why are people commenting on it? I can understand thinking or hoping for certain things to come out. But that's what forum's are for, right? How can you comment on something you don't own yet? It's like saying how the weather for the next month just sucks...or your next car doesn't ride as good as your current one does. Again, if you've got questions or concerns, post to the forum; that's what it's there for. Leave reviews to real reviews of the product and not crying about how you hope the quality is better than the other versions.Just a thought..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the very best live concert video by AC/DC capturing the band at their peak and featuring the legendary Bon Scott.  I first saw this film on VHS back in the early 80s.  When the DVD format came out, I assumed that this would be one of the first live concerts issued.  But it took >10 years - I have no idea why.  Better late than never.  The video looks great; the audio is less than perfect, but good enough.  It's my favorite AC/DC video by far."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Why anyone would want to watch a roadcrew assembling a stage is beyond me but once you fastforward that, and get to the part where Bon grabs his beer before heading on stage, it is absolutley powerful stuff. He is a combination of Brian Johnson and Robert Plant in his heyday...a wild rock and roll throwback that lived for women and booze. He lived fast and died hard, and I truly believe he had no interest in growing old, so he was called home after a hard night of drinking. All AC-DC needed that night was a stage, and the music is raw and hard driving...the Angus &quot;show&quot; is highly amusing and he plays his tail off, while Bon sings his off....highly recommended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Long time AC/DC collector here! i have had this on vhs & had a kinda a bootleg dvd of this that was dark & had alot of grain in it. what can i say? One of AC/DC's best recorded live show's on dvd for the first time.this should have been done year's ago. But they did it right so maybe there was a reason for the wait.The only thing i think they should of done is this has allway's been one song short of a full concert.they never put t.n.t on the movie i have audio of it so you know they have the video for it. i meen they could of put t.n.t in the extras but other wise great live movie from a great live band."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, the movie is great.  I consider Bon Scott to be the best rock frontman that ever lived.  So if you are getting this for the movie, you will not be disappointed.  The extras, on the other hand, are very weak.  All the extra \"footage\" is other peoplt talking about AC/DC.  I expected more real video of Bon and the band.  I would have gladly paid $20 for just the movie instead of having to buy this \"collectors\" edition."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Impressive product for AC/DC fans!  Paris show content is wonderful; the concert was captured very well, highlighting the entire band while giving the spotlight to Bon and Angus when appropriate.  The film is easy to watch; it doesn't bounce around from shot to shot too often.  And the sound is great!Terrific tribute to Bon as this was the pinnacle of his career, and was captured shortly before his untimely death.  Extra content is okay.  Most is present-day tributes by various artists and critics which can get a bit redundant.  Documentary-style content of the band as it was during original filming gives us insight as to the humility of 5 working-class musicians just trying to have fun.Print content is wonderful history for those of us that don't know everything there is to know about the band.Amazon fulfillment was perfect as expected.  Product was available and shipped promptly upon order, arriving in new condition when anticipated."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The only reason I would rate this down a star is that I'm disappointed in the 5.1 mix (should say 3.1) as there's absolutely nothing coming from the rear speakers.  The sound is quite good for what's there & the picture is AMAZING, great HD transfer there.  The sound should be much more powerful considering the band involved, but have been waiting for this on DVD for eight years so not complaining too much.  Really pleased to see this old Bon footage finally put out in this format.  Da' Wolf"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I ordered this back in 1987 and waited a while to get it...this is what a AC/DC show is all about...it's funny seeing Angus totally stoned during some of the interviews...good concert..to bad you can't get the footage from the apollo theater when they were on tour back in 1978... \"riff raff\" shows up in the family jewels collection..that would be worth buying..in all very good concert....though Who made Who and Blow up your Video  concert tours were far better......"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have tested this against the griffin dual output unit.I checked the charging current.This unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma.Griffin was charging with 40 ma! And the griffin was 4 times more expensive.I have not used these for very long. I bought 15 of them, because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current.No idea how long they last. I assume they will work fine. I have not been using them much. I did the testing , just to stock up on a high current charger. This passed and I stocked up."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased two of these chargers for my sister and girlfriend. They both have Samsung Galaxy phones and needed a car charger so being the OEM fanboy I am, I swooped up on a couple of these for them while remaining slightly skeptical of what was actually going to show up in the mail at this price.I'm happy to report I definitely received 2 OEM Samsung car chargers in the mail in sealed bags with part # barcodes (the kind you'd normally receive in a new/refurb phone). Can't go wrong with the price and certainly can't argue with the benefits of OEM vs. generic (mA output and reliability at the top of the list!)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First, this is kind of cheap-looking, but I did try to buy the cheapest OEM car charger I could for my phone, so that's forgiveable.  The springs on the side don't have much force, though, so this is constantly slipping out of the 12V car port.  The cable is sturdy, but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff, which makes charging AND operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle.  It's held up well since I purchased it though.UPDATE:  Stopped charging after a month."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Got this to replace a frayed OEM cord. The cord itself is ok ;however, the plug that looks like OEM and is stamped as such, is crap! Took 8 times longer to charge with this unit! When the cord was paired with the actual OEM plug in, it worked fine. So if you need a cord its ok; however, it is definitely not OEM and the plug is worthless. For the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but I am very disappointed with the false markings as OEM when it is certainly not."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Was here right on time.Wall adapter what I expected and works well but dose Not Have Quick-Charge As This ad states and that was the,Whole reason I chose this chager so that is horribly disappointing and inconvenient ..... The micro usb is useless it looks and acts cheaply made, and dose not fit well in to ports an either end will periodically stop working and my phone will freeze and turn off periodically as well....I know its the usd because I tried it in several devices and adapters and it had the same problems....I Will never order from Amazon Again Only two orders out of 13 have come without Defect or Wrong Probuct!Ugh!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would like to start off by saying that this product is what I ordered and I have no complaints about shipping or the condition of the product when it came to my house, the problem I do have is the micro usb cable that comes with the charger. Why is it that all of the different companies that sell chargers on Amazon can get the plug part of the charger right but not the micro usb cord? The cord is cheap and not the original cord that comes with the other part of the charger. I am having the same issue with the charger that I ordered for my galaxy note 2. It's a very thin cord, and also very short. Maybe, a 2 21/2 foot cord? And its of a cheaper quality than the part of the charger that the micro usb plugs into..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "In a nutshell, this is NOT an OEM charger.  Although it has the Samsung markings, it doesn't seat well with a Samsung phone.  This means that it's either meant for another market or it's counterfeit.  With that said, I wouldn't buy this again.~~~~~~~~~~August 17, 2013 - UpdateThe seller tried to make amends by sending me three replacement chargers.  After using this for a while, it is still garbage.  It does not charge my phone and in fact, it drains the phone.  This must be a counterfeit product.  It has Samsung markings but it does not charge the phone.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought this for my new AT&T; Galaxy SII, the case arrived super fast, its fits the phone perfectly and snug. I have no issues with any buttons, and the rubber is in a smooth, sort of laminated finish. It does not stick to your pockets. Overall, I am extremely happy with the purchase, especially for so cheap.And just FYI: This is for the AT&T; (i777), or International (i9100) Galaxy SII.This WILL NOT FIT Sprint, T-Mobile or the AT&T; Galaxy SII Skyrocket phones. You've been warned."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very satisfied with my purchase. The quality is good and the shipping is quick. The case provides enough friction to enable a good grip on the phone. TPU (the plastic material where the case is made of) virtually resists oil and dust. I used to have an Otter box for my other phone. The protection is excellent BUT the silicone attracts dust like crazy. The S-Style pattern at the back is more of a personal taste - some people like it but some other may not. To me it adds some flavor to an otherwise plain black case. The protection on all 4 sides on the front panel looks sufficient (anyone dare to slam your phone on the floor to test it out?). I wish the top margin (above the earphone) can wrap down by a few mm. Overall I feel my phone secured in the case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "A note of caution from someone who owned and used just about every major Blackberry model: if you already own a standard USB 2.0 cable and you don't need an extra, then you do NOT need this cable. All a Blackberry needs for data transfer is a STANDARD USB 2.0 cable with a Micro-USB connector at one end.There is NOTHING special about this cable and nothing justifies the artificially inflated MSRP listed for it. While this item is sold at a 90% off the MSRP discount, it's probably okay to purchase one, for as long as, after reading the first paragraph you decide that you will need a USB 2.0 cable.The items has 2 stars taken away for the exaggerated marketing claim (professional grade custom cable) and for the inflated MSRP.NOTE: Please make sure that you buy cable with a MICRO-USB connector because this is what your Blackberry needs."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Well, went on the internet first....$14.00, then to a very well known store, here in Gloucester, MA, $28.  I was not happy.  Then, of course, I knew Amazon would come up with something...they did, $4.00 and change...it arrived promptly.  I cannot say enough about Amazon, they are realistic in their prices, knowing that people do not have that kind of money to pay for a wire,,for 14 or 28 dollars. I have never been so happy to get what I need without spending my last dollar for it.  Thank you again and again."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this micro usb cable because it was cheap, and that it is. I use this with my Nexus s 4g from sprint and although it does indeed charge my device it causes some major issues, such as screen lag, my computer not being able to recognize what kind of device this is, and causing my phone to constantly jump into car mode. So if you need a real quick cable for basic charging, this will do it, anything else...spend the extra buck on a higher end cable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this recently and did not expect much, as it was only $2.99 shipped to my door.  For that much money, how can you go wrong?  So, I have not used it to transfer data yet, as it it plugged into my PC at work just for charging.  When plugged in, my Palm Pixi prompts me, just as the factory cable does, to transfer or charge.  I have used this cable about 10x to charge now, and it works great!  Do not hesitate to purchase this if you need another cable, or two!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "we bought this charging cord because the t505 only came with a car charger.  we now have 2 t505 with the 2nd one intended for use with connecting our bluetooth enabled phones with the home stereo.  this cord offers a convenient way to charge both as we are not in the car for long enough periods for the device to charge completely while travelling.  by bringing in the devices we are able to charge overnight to a full charge.  great price and no complaints with receipt of material in either packaging or transit time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last.  so this cord works on when plugged into the wall.  when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything.  so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but don't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Phone charger works, it charges the phone. However, while the phone is charging it continually beeps as when the battery is too low.It will not stop beeping while it is charging until the battery reaches a certain percentage.I do not think this is the correct charger to be using on the phone I have.Now I am worried based on other reviewers that the battery may blow on the phone and I'll have to replace that too.I would not recommend buying this charger.The charger from my old blackberry works better."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Paid $0.32 for the charger and $2.81 Shipping & Handling.....Yeah, I know the shipping & handling was much more expensive than the charger was but I needed a charger that connected and this one fit nice and snug so I am able to charge my phone while sitting at my desk in my home office at my computer looking for work.....which is an all day job huh?  LOL!  Wow, I wish I could write reviews for a living wouldn't that be nice?  I think the total price of $$3.13 was a great savings compared to how much the retailers that sell the mobile phones charge anywhere from $10-$20.  Ms_Thrifty has done it again!  Stay tune to more reviews, Oh how I love Amazon!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love that this headset stays firmly on the head with the band and firmly on the ear with just the ear piece.  The sound quality is great, and the ability to mute the mic is the main reason I bought this.  The mute switch is in a convenient place and has a nice clip to attach to your shirt.  The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I have had a lot of people tell me I sound somewhat distorted when talking on it.  Usually I can make it better by adjusting the mic volume (another nice feature) or by moving the mic away from my mouth.  Overall good purchase for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using one of these for years!  I replace it with a new one when the old one wears out.  The mic is always strong enough to pick up my voice, and I never have complaints about people not being able to hear me.  The ear-pad is comfy, and I occasionally forget I have this on.  The best part is the adjustable amplifier - if I have distortion from the sound out of my cell phone, I can increase or decrease both the output from the cell phone itself and the amplifier on the headset, and I usually can maximize the sound and minimize distortion.  I don't have to hold anything with my hand to get the conversation through."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Excited about this based on good reviews, but did not have the same experience.Tested on my Nexus S cell phone, person on the other end complained about static and poor quality sound.  I unplugged headset and switched to using my cell, and they said the problem went away, so unfortunately problem seems to be with this headset.Also, just FYI, this does not come retail packaged, but shows up in a plastic bag with no instructions.  Not a problem for me, but makes me wonder where these are from and the quality."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried and returned at least 5 headsets ranging from $15 to $150. This one was typical of the others that I returned, low volume on the earpiece and low quality microphone. I finally ended up with a Panasonic TCA60 for about $19 which is very loud and sounds great on both ends. It's nothing fancy, no volume control and no mute, but who needs that when you can accomplish the same thing with your phone. Price does not determine sound quality. I recommend this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this set to fix a pair of eyeglasses that had loose screws. The smallest screwdriver in this kit was perfect for that job, so mission accomplished. The tops of each screwdriver twirls independently from the shaft, meaning you can keep a finger on top of the head to stabilize the driver while you're screwing. (Sorry, there's no other way to say that.) The box suggests these screwdrivers can be used for repairing eyeglasses, cameras, watches, fishing reels, hobbies, electronics, and small appliances. I think this set will come in very handy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Torx screw drivers work wonderfully and the tweezers work well, but the pry tool is too weak and ineffectual for the project I used them on.I bought this kit to remove the cameras out of my HTC 4G LTE and I didn't have any problems except for removing the small plastic portion on the bottom rear side of the phone.  The pry tool was way too flimsy for the job and I'm not convinced that it would do the trick for any similar function.I'd recommend this kit if you primarily purchased it for the Torx drivers but not if you require the use of the pry tool as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I must agree with Gary Tuscon's review. For under $5, even though the smallest flat-head screwdriver in here is 1.4 mm (too large for the screws that hold the links on a Seiko women's watchband), the quality is such that I will keep them. The case is very good and labeled very clearly. The screwdrivers have a decent weight as well and the handles turn smoothy.If these came in smaller sizes, with tempered tips that smaller sized tools need to be strong, I would definitely consider them as well.If I had one minor nitpick, it would be that a color-coding of the handles would be a great help, but really, this is an excellent value for the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After viewing some youtube videos on this procedure, I was able to swap the battery in about 1/2 hour (which included taking pictures and studying the insides of the iPhone 4S.The tools are good enough to get the job done -- I never felt that the tools were going to fall apart.  In fact, I'm keeping them around for other mobile phone work.The only thing I'd recommend (esp. for older folks with not-so-good eyesight) is a good way to magnify things so you can see what you're doing.  I use a big magnifying glass, 1.5x reading glasses (3x would be better), a headlamp (to add light where I need it)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Judging from what I've seen in other reviews and what I received there is inconsistency in what is being shipped out.  I received a zip-lock bag containing 12 pieces. (See user uploaded photo that matches the description below)- 6 Torx type drivers, magnetic tip (T4,T5,T6,T7,T8,T10) (Orange handle, with blue cap)- 1 Philips driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 Flat driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 3-point driver, magnetic tip (clear red handle)- 2 tweezers (stainless steel, on blister packs)- 1 pry tool (dark green)I purchased this set to do some work on a Droid X (MB810), and they did the job well enough, except I had to carefully use the T4 instead of a T3 *very* carefully on 12 screws holding the screen assembly together. I'll give it a 3 star rating \"It's OK\""}
{"label": 7, "raw": "You may not need these types of screwdrivers often, but when you do need them, nothing else will do.  They're great for tightening eyeglass screws or opening up the cases of small electronic devices.This is a nice set.  It comes with 4 slotted and 2 philips style in a variety of sizes. They seem to be well made and I suspect that they last a long time. The swivel heads allow you to put downward pressure on the screwdriver as you turn it to minimize the risk of stripping the head on delicate small screws. The case has a labeled space for each screwdriver. It's your typical plastic case with a snap top and should hold up as long as you don't step on it or drop something on it.  This set is a nice value for the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For the price, you cannot beat this little Stanley screwdriver set.  This one features several very tiny standard and Phillips head screwdrivers.  If you have a need for very small head screwdrivers, this one is for you.  These are useful for messing with eyeglasses, certain electronics gadgets, and firearms.  I have several revolvers and pistols which have sight adjustments that have outrageously small adjustment screws.  For these sights this little kit is a must -- none of my other tools could manage to fit these screws but this one did.  That alone made it worth the Amazon price and this little kit has a permanent place in my range shooting bag.  RJB."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I tried two (yes, two) batteries and had to send both back because both were crap. I finally decided to spend a bit more hoping it would equate to more quality. Well that seems to have paid off (third time's the charm I guess). The battery itself replaced my old battery perfectly. It holds a charge well and reads the correct battery percentage. The included tools were a bonus. I already had a set of tools from replacing my wife's battery a while back. However these were much better. The old tools I had were stripping the tiny screw heads. This set of tools gripped the screw heads perfectly. Overall I'm very happy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "These are the exact ones that I was looking for but there is one problem.  They are supposed to be clear but they arrived yellowed in the package.  It is obvious that they are new, but they have yellowed and are no longer clear.  I bought these to replace existing ones that I have that have yellowed but not to the extent of these new ones.  I have had the previous ones since 2010.  I will keep as spares but am unhappy with the condition of these EarGels."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like this Jabra earboom so much that I have purchased 6 of these so far.  And that is my biggest complaint, is their poor quality of workmanship.  They work well but just don't last.  Granted, I'm a road warrior and my earbooms probably go through more abuse than a casual user.  The reason I keep buying them is the audio quality is fantastic and the fit within my ear is solid.  I keep two spares on hand at all times so as soon as one fails I can throw it away and move on.  At this price, I can afford it.  Also, Jabra customer services is great.  I lost the windscreen for the boom mic once and an email to them got me a set of windscreens in my mailbox, no charge."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Yeah, I know, they warned me; but I thought I was smarter than the average bear- not so.If you have auto reverse on your tape player and you cannot shut the feature off, this will not work.  It may work for a few minutes at a time, but will always end up frustrating you by switching every few minutes.If you can turn off the auto reverse (or don't have it), it's a very solid product that sounded great.For those like me who need a FM transmitter instead of the tape version, I'd suggest the Soundkase FM Transmitter for iPod & MP3s.  We've been using it for a week or 2 with good results (and from my research, probably the best results you can get if you can't use a tape connection)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this cassette adapter to replace my old one who's cord got ripped in half when stuck in my door. I get better sound out of this one than I did from my other one that I originally bought for more than twice the price.The best part of this cassette adapter is that the cord is coiled, and can be stretched to be super long (probably at least 8 feet although I have not checked) yet when no tension is applied (during normal use or storage) the cord is only about 3 feet long. This keeps it from getting stuck in things like car doors or wrapped around steering wheels or getting all tangled which my old adapter did.I am very pleasantly surprised at this adapter. I more than got my money's worth out of it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pros:- Love the adjustable dual position for the cord. Most players you need to insert the cassette sideways, but I had some players before that you need to insert the cassette lengthwise. You will never go wrong with this adapter as you can feed it to your cassette player both ways.- Does not look cheap. It looks more decent than other cassette adapters I have that costs 20$- The coiled cord is great and much less clutter.  I had a cassette adapter that has a cord that was too long, it got caught under the seat and the only way to remove it is to cut it.- Sounds good too with my Ipod.Cons:- The only thing I can think of is it still makes noticeable clicking sound while in the cassette.Bought this item twice already."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Seems great at first. But sound is kind of shaky, almost like the magnetic head is not making good contact. Also it has a bad habit of locking up the wheels and it makes the radio think it's hit the end of the tape and will auto reverse only to find it locked again and then reverse again. It'll get stuck in this infinite loop. You have to take it out, smack it a few times to free up the wheels and then put it back in. Oh and that plug for the cable on the tape is loose as hell. pull on your device too quickly and it'll put the plug right out of the tape while its still in the deck."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would agree with the majority of the reviews. I purchased this for my car. I don't have the MP3 connection but do have a tape deck. And I wasn't thrilled with the quality of sound with the FM tuners (my brother has one for his car). There is a little bit of a clicking sound that appears once it starts playing, but with road nose and the general nose of the car, it is a non-issue...can't even hear it. The quality of the sound is not as good as if having a direct MP3 connection, but I consider it very good...(not sure it's even fair to compare). I use this primarily for audio books, and I am very happy with my purchase. I have not had to try the fix that some of the other reviewers had (something about needing to take out a pin on the inside of the cassette).I would definitely recommend!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I fixed the issues, for the time being.  I turned down the bass on my stereo.  I also made the default volume 75% on my phone.  This is the combination that worked for me.  I also left the casette in.  I figured if there was dust and other stuff in there, then i would have to let it settle.  The burn in period was about 3 days.  Afterwards it was AMAZING, the sound clarity improved so much. So don't give up, try these things. You may need to clear the dust from inside your tape player, I'm sure that may be the cause of many issues.Fix eject issue:[...]"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "But will keep this short and sweet -Cord contains lead and must be handled regularly in a car where there is nowhere to clean your hands after touching the thing.Sound quality quickly goes downhill with crackling evident after only 5 uses.Now stuck in my dashboard player because the modular adapter broke off and the cassette will not fully eject. I am sure the husband will be griping the entire time he tries to get it unstuck.Avoid at all costs!I scanned past the negative reviews since this product had a few really positive reviews with a lot of helpful votes. Big mistake as now I have to unstick the adapter from my cassette player and try to get Amazon to take it back. (I bought 2 on clearance)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Overall, I think that it's a safe investment in a mobile phone. One sad thing about cell phones is that they improve so quickly, there's always a race to have the best.Right now, this phone is one of the best, without the 300+ pricetag. If you're paying 300 for it, you aren't getting a good deal.Clear reception, included ear piece is more comfortable than the generics that come with a phone like the R225 Samsung.Great display. Only downside is the wiping it off thing. Oils form your skin and ear show up easily on the pristine surface. Very clear pictures and nice graphics.I give it a 10 out of 10."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "the freaking power cable quit working w/in a few weeks and neither t-mobile nor sony will fix it for less than $20.  Sony took my address and said they would, but it never showed up.Well the phone is rugged!  It's been 3-4 years and it still works.  It went through the washing machine and half the dryer.  It was submerged in a puddle for 30 minutes-  it keeeps working.The blue tooth syncs w/ my pc and tells me where to go etc.  I buy  a $25 access card every couple of months and avoid the taxes.  It's been a great little phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great features - except for the phone one.  Seriously - Bluetooth, IR, good phone book features, nice color display (though it washes out if you are using polarized glasses).  However, I get much weaker signals (and call quality) on this phone vs. my previous one.  If everywhere you would use the phone has strong signals, you may be just fine - but if you are on the edge, this is not the phone for you, unless you value the non-phone features more than it working as a phone. :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I don't know, I've always liked high-tech and loved the idea of bluetooth, even though it tends to make one look like a space alien contacting the mother ship or a blathering fool until someone notices the bluetooth unit in your ear.But I've never gotten good reception with bluetooth units or enough batter life. Don't get me started on static and wind noise.That's why for the money you can't do better than these wired units. They're lightweight, comfortable, and have ample cord length. I've ordered several, and you'd pay 3 times the price in a bog-box electronics store. Do yourself a favor, even if you do own a bluetooth, keep one of these one hand. Well worth the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got sick of xbox 360 microphones breaking, so I decided to buy this to see if it would work.Unfortunately it didn't work that well. I got sound and the microphone worked but I got a lot of feedback and echo. Worst of all it was supposed to block outside sound, but it didn't do this at all.I know that it was designed for xbox so I am not going to give it 1 star. I don't have a home phone so I haven't tried it for that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset would not stay in my ear no matter how hard I tried.  I like the fact that it is small, that it sounds OK, and that the person on the line could hear me OK (not great) But I could not figure out how to keep it in my ear without holding it, which defeats the purpose of having a headset!! I ordered 4 of them, they were about $3 apiece with shipping, and the first two are buzzy and could not be used.  I would not recommend this product. I went to an over the head headset by Jensen, and am VERY pleased!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case works great! My wife and I are taking up kayaking and we needed some way to protect our phones. I have a samsung galaxy s2, she has a blackberry bold 9000. We each put our phones in our cases and immediately plunged them into the water to test to make sure they didn't leak. They worked perfectly! My wife even flipped her kayak and that was the true test, we righted it and checked the phone, dry as can be.I recommend these, i do wish there was some padding these came with as the phones do bang around inside a bit. I'll put my own inside, but for the price I think they could have included something."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Other than the high initial cost (I got it before they put in a promotion, duh), i really love this compact and stylish phone.  It's the best Nextel has offered yet, although there's rumor that a camera phone is coming out soon.  If you can wait, wait a bit longer, otherwise for walkie-talkie style cellular, Nextel is the best.  No delays like with Verizon (up to 30 seconds!) or Sprint (10 secs).  Walkie-talkie that actually works where there's coverage.  I'm a happy customer."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have to say that this is a great phone and the Nextel service is great also.As for the review from the moron from Denver You need to have used it and the service before you open your mouth and make a fool of your self.People that review something and not have a clue just goes to show that stupid people should not breed.I have had the I90c,I95cl and the i730 and the 730 is great as for a alarm buy a clock if you need a alarm.The screen is a little smaller but the brilliant color makes up for it,the sound is as good as the other phones I have had.As for service I have had every carrier that is in the state of Colorado and Nextel is the best and for any one who is thinking of Verizon for push to talk well it sould be push to wait.If you want the best this phone and service is the best."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "UPDATE:The person actually using these adapters (an 80 year old grandma) just reported from Bassano Italy that they worked just find and she charged her phone with no issues. So if a octogenarian can deal with something, that speaks volumes to the product!In her case, she was using an iPhone overseas, so any issues of power converters were moot. All she had to do was plug the US style plug into the adapter. Even so, it did work for her and she did it on her own. So that is a plus!**********************************These little adaptors look like they are well made and the price was right.i will add more when I get back!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this set of adapters specifically for a trip to Europe. There are two different Europe plugs, I took them both, and they both worked everywhere I went.I used the adapters primarily in Denmark and Norway, they worked great and gave me no problems charging iPod, iPhone, iPad, camera batteries, etc.Note that there are numbers on the plugs, the numbers correspond to the cardboard insert to let you know where to use the plugs. It would be better if the plugs themselves had that information on them, but at least they have the numbers (which I didn't see at first so I put my own numbers on them).I will undoubtedly keep using the adapters on future trips, and I'll keep this updated.Update:Have also now used in Thailand, worked great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Okay, this little guy ROCKS!  When plugged in to an outlet, it will support 2 HDDs, a external ODD, and a printer with no issues.  Also, during a move I misplaced my power cord, so I called up the company... WOW, for free, the NEXT DAY, they shipped me out a replacement.  I would DEF. buy from them again, and will use more of these as the need arises.Also, it's been quite some time now since the purchase (over a year) and it works perfectly like the day I got it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this hub with my Mac and it is great. I just plugged into my USB port on my MacBook Pro and have never had a problem with it. You can optionally power the device with the included AC Adapter, which lights up a bunch of green lights and one brilliant blue light at the top of the green lights. This blue light is extremely bright for its size and may need to be covered if you are sleeping in the same room with it. I have plenty of open slots for additional devices. If you are using this device vertically in the stand there is a front USB slot for you to attach your flash drive without any effort. Everything (at least with a Mac) is recognized and ready to go once it is plugged in. I would highly recommend this hub - you can't find anything as nice for the price that is powered."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have an older computer with ony 4 usb ports and a laptop with 2 usb ports. I have 4  external drives and a printer and various other devices that require usb, and all i have to do is disconnect it from one computer and plug it into the other and everything Works great. As far as small flash drives that require external power i have no idea.  hope some reviewer will elaborate on that.  In any case its well worth the money.  It stays forever lit, and thats okay.  It will look funny 10 years from now when the lights are extinguished."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Because of proliferation of USB based products, the USB hub is now more neccessary than ever. If you have multiple USB based devices (printers, keyboard, mouse, flash storage, USB speakers, iphone/ipod jack etc) and want to consolidate all your devices into a one single hub, then this hub does its job well.This devices works equally well both in Windows (Vista) and Mac OS (Leopard and Snow Leopard).It is about half the size of a medium sized hand.Each USB port has its own dedicated LED light. The LED light indicators, however, are little brighter than I would like. It MAY bother those who are extremely light sensitive while sleeping. But a cheap way to alleviate such a problem would be to cover the LED lights with tape.I used this device as a hub for all my USB devices for my MacBook Pro (2009) and the device works flawlessly, including for my USB speakers."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I gave this 3 stars because it does what it says, its nothing high end and doesn't promise miracles, but I won't give it 5 stars because simply there's a terrible delay from when my computer comes out of sleep mode and from the time it actually recognizes this hub on the com ports for the PC, on average its about 15 seconds.  So I'll be sitting there waiting to enter my password like an idiot until the hub is finally recognized by the PC.  And its a really good PC, brand new, no problems with USB 2 or USB 3 except where this hub is concerned."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity.  I had to replace an older D-Link USB that just didn't seem to work at all on both our mac's and PC's (I had two D-Link's).  I had hoped this Hub would actually work unlike the D-Link hub and it does the job great!I bought two and hooked one up to the PC and the other to the Mac and plugged 7 devices into each.  Everything worked and I did use the power just to make sure I could charge off of it if I wanted to.  This hub works perfect and the LED's look awesome.Very happy with this product and would buy same one if I needed another USB hub.  Of course I'm sure the 3.0 versions will soon start to proliferate but until then this is a great USB hub and priced well for what you get."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a really nice USB 2.0 hub. It works way better than the 7-port DLink it replaced. The LED lights are a bit bright, but for me it's not much of an issue since the hub lives down on the floor in my setup. I agree that it would be nice to be able to to turn them off though if it's too bright, just cover over them with a strip of tape-problem solved.I am impressed with this hub and would recommend it.Note-it is actually smaller than it looks in the pictures."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I needed a self powered USB 2 hub for my iMAC, and selected the CyberPower.It works as advertised and comes with its own plug-in power supply.  I can leave my Palm TX hooked to it even when the computer is off and it will charge it.  The only drawback is that the thing is loaded with eight LED's and they stay on whenever it's powered either by the computer or by its own power source.  If you have the thing in your sleeping area and are light sensitive, you'd have to unplug it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and I truely love it.  The only disappointment so far has been battery life.  Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.Why is this phone so great?  Simple.  It has it all.  This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Positives: Bluetooth, IR port, VGA Camera, multiple e-mail accounts, speaker phone, more programs becoming available for Symbian O/S. I use Bluetooth for wireless headset and to make the phone serve as my wireless modem.Negatives: phone too big; voice recognition worthless, low volume from ear piece, IR port weak so TV remote control programs don't work well, slow menu's and response. Get Opera browser if your phone does not come with it since the WAP browser will only frustrate you (Opera has problems on this phone, but works most of the time). T-Mobile programmed the backlight in the display to turn off after a few seconds, although Nokia made it adjustable, and T-Mobile won't fix it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I received this little gem for Christmas and now I refuse to speak into the phone itself.  This BT enabled unit is the perfect gift for anyone with a cell phone.No more complicated setups.  As soon as I turned this on, my Nokia found it, recognized it, associated it, and I was speaking into it.The battery life is great and the clarity is also dead on.Once you use this product, you too will never go back to speaking into your phone the old fashioned way."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using my Jabra headset for a couple of weeks and have been very pleased with it. I bought it primarily for use while driving. It's very comfortable to wear. It has performed extremely well in the car. At times, I've used it at home. The range of the headset is quite good, but I get more static in my apartment. From time to time, I lose connection with my phone. I suspect that it's more a problem with my phone than with the headset...I only wish that the phone would come with a charger for the car as this is where I (and perhaps most people) will use the headset. In any case, I can highly recommend the Jabra headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought 2 of these headsets (one for me and one for the girlfriend) on recommendation by my Cingular sales guy. It was either the BT250 for $80 or the Moto HS810 for $99.Not knowing too much about Bluetooth headsets at the time, I opted for the BT250. Two weeks later and I'm giddy like a kid in a candy store.It took a while to figure out how to install the headset to your ear, but I'm sure most, if not all, Bluetooth headsets share the same minor inconvenience. The other minor inconvenience are the buttons; they don't have a nice feel when you push them and the locations are sometimes tricky.If it's one thing I would REALLY like, then it's a replaceable [rechargeable] battery. I'd really hate to buy a new headset just because the battery will no longer hold a charge.Regardless, I have found the BT250 to be a better value than the HS810."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Paired with a nokia 6230. Awesome headset. The battery life is pretty long. It feels really light on your ear and the sound is excellent.Some of these people must be going deaf or something because this thing can get loud. I never have the volume at max when I use this. And if this thing feels heavy on your ear, you must have ears the size of nickels. Or you're using two of them on the same ear...i don't know.Whenever I use this I sometimes forget I have them it until the unit rings... which makes me twitch because I'm not expecting a ring blasting thru my ear.I hate:-wind noise. You can't carry a conversation when you're driving with the windows down. or walking and the wind blowing in your face.-voice dialing may or may not work.-it makes my phone hang and reset. but that could be a phone problem in general.-30 feet? more like 10. 15 at best."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "If you don't have your own office and/or you have co-workers who have a tendency of indiscriminately interrupting, pointing to flashing lights will effortlessly embarrass them into not interrupting you when you are on the phone!  In my case I bought the light as a courtesy to my co-workers; I am the first one in the office to wear a headset and they were uncomfortable approaching me whenever I was wearing it.  Now there is no question whether I am on the phone or not.  Easy to install, plug into lifter and place for greatest visibility (cord is about 5 feet long, secure with screw or double stick \"squares\")."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This didn't do much for me. Unfortunately, it may not be the blame. Ironically, I have a home repeater system after trying a couple of quick fixes (I thought). This was an upgrade to a combination home and mobile solution I tried first before realizing the specific product to get the results I needed for my whole house solution. So in the mobile world, I'm sure this would be helpful. It is the system as a whole that needs to be configured to a need which includes area of coverage, location, type of usage, cell frequency and more. So in putting a system together, for a whole home solution, you'd be wise to call on the manufacturer rather than putting pieces together which may not 'fit' the performance or compatibility of the other components in the system."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using the HS810 for 9 months now. I was initially very impressed because of the small size and its being relatively stable with a number of different phones. (The early blue tooth standard isn't really as \"standard\" as one might hope!) However, it has proven rather fragile. Within 2 months the plastic case began breaking next to and inside the hinge for the on/off switch.  Did not impact usability so I didn't care.  For the last several months it has been hard to get a good connection witht he charger (several of my colleagues are having similar problems).  The headset has recently become useless because the main body of the case has cracked. I keep the unit in my briefcase, so I don't know why it is proving as fragile as it has.  If you can use it (or the similar HS850) with some assurance that it will not be crushed, it is a good choice.  Otherwise, I suggest looking at other designs."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This might be the most comfortable BlueTooth headset out thereHowever, I've been very upset with connection speeds and call volumeMost people say that they can hear me very well ----- however, the connection speeds take forever to establish ---- in addition, the call volume is simply too low to even use it regularlyI use a Treo 650 --- I've heard that this headset works excellently with Moto products - your mileage may vary.....UPDATE: I have also tried the Moto 850 ---- sadly, it is really no better than the 810 --- there are some volume improvements, but the volume is simply too low on my Treo 650 ---- I recommend the Scala 500"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had this headset for several months now, and not liking much about this headset other than its long battery life. This headset works OK, but the sound quality is poor and it does not function well in conditions other than perfect, ie. no background or wind noise, and very close to handset. I do like the feature of the headset turning off, when boom mike closed because thats where the battery savings comes from. Other than that I find nothing redeeming about this headset, I believe Motorola will discontinue this model because of its severe flaws."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product appears to be a genuine original equipment Blackberry car charger.  It has the Blackberry name and logo on it.  The plate on the bottom of the cigarette lighter plug of the unit states that the electric output is 5 volts, 500mA (500 milliamperes or .5 ampere).  The plate on the wall charger packaged with a new Blackberry 8800 states that the wall charger output is 5 volts, .75 ampere.  Thus, it appears that the car charger produces two thirds the electrical charge produced by the wall charger (.5 vs. .75 amp.)This car charger is used with a Blackberry 8800 and has performed admirably and without any problems.  It costs a fraction of the price charged by AT&T; ($29.99), apparently for the same product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works as advertised.  It's a tacky pad that is non-adhesive and keeps stuff from sliding around on the dashboard.  Problem with the iPhone (4S) is that the back is a flat panel of Gorilla Glass and does not lift easily off the Sticky Pad.  Instead, it tends to lift the Sticky Pad off the dashboard by sticking itself to the back of the iPhone.  I'm sure the problem would be solved by using an iPhone cover, but then if I did I wouldn't need the Sticky Pad at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Like so many other reviewers, I had this Think Outside Stowaway \"collecting dust\" as I had bought it for an older phone.  I was actually looking on Amazon for a foldable keyboard and came across this and these reviews.  So I found my Stowaway (quicker than I thought I might!), did not load the software that came with it (as the instructions tell you to do), but just decided to see if it would sync with my Playbook.  First, of course, I had to put 2 AAA batteries in it and, VOILA, it worked!!!  I am a happy camper!!!  As another reviewer said, it is surprising that some other manufacturer hasn't continued this concept in folding keyboards."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just love this keyboard. I've used it with my HTC and now with my unlocked iphone using BTstack Keyboard from Cydia. The only issue is that it really needs an extra row of keys. The numbers and symbols are placed on the top row of letters (where the letters QWERTYUIOP are in the keyboard). To access a number, you need to press the left function key and the corresponding letter. To type a symbol, you need to press the right function key and the corresponding letter. I work in finance and many of my annotations need numbers and symbols, like 10% for example. For that, it takes a long time. I find it easier to type \"ten pc\" instead of 10%.I'll buy a new keyboard just for that. But besides this, the keyboard is just amazing. So if you don't need your numbers and symbols too often, I really recommend it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First off, I have had this product since 2007 and was fortunate to catch it at a great bargain!!  Since then, I have not had one problem with it except when I forget to change the batteries!I have been able to successfully pair and use this keyboard with originally a Samsung I760, then a HTC Touch Pro 2 and now my Motorola Xoom tablet.  I was surprised that I didn't even have to download drivers, it worked once I simply paired it.Not having number dedicated keys was a sacrifice but I can type memos, emails or simply work on a novel at anytime conveniently by having this portable keyboard.  The keyboard itself is very durable and has a sturdy feel when you are typing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great sturdy design in every aspect. After pairing, it features flawless instant connection to your device every time you open it. A keeper for long, its quality shows it'll last for ages.I just wish iGO would start working on supporting Windows Mobile 6. It does perform as a keyboard should and it does carry out it's core functionality; but, I can't find the drivers for my device or any other WM6 device for that manner. I am currently using similar ones which, though do allow the device to work, don't allow all function keys to carry their purpose or softkey support to be accurate."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Once you get a keyboard for your pda / smart phone, you won't go back. This keyboard communicates via bluetooth and does a great job at turning your small device into a productive tool you won't want to be without. I use this keyboard with my Palm TX and it does a fabulous job during meetings - it's small (smaller than a notebook), VERY portable and reliable. the entire keyboard as well as my Palm PDA fits into the pant pocket of my cargo pants / shorts. You really can't get much more portable than that.To use you invoke a 3-button key combination to help it initiate contact with your device. Once connected, you'll be off and running. My Palm TX will only stay on at 1-3 minute intervals so the only thing I don't like about this combination is that I have to keep hitting a key once in a while so my Palm doesn't shut off. This of course is a design flaw of the TX and not reflective of the keyboard."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For the money, this is a great item and a must have for mobile road warriors. I am using the iGo keyboard with a Blackberry Curve (8300).Like others have said, there is a nasty sticker that covers both the outside cover and the keys that may never completely come off. When peeling it off the keys, it feels like the keys will rip off their fragile posts.Also, as is common with Bluetooth, getting the two devices to communicate with one another can be tricky. I haven't used it a lot yet, so maybe I haven't figured out the right combination of button presses. But I hate when things don't simply \"work.\"The keyboard is fairly solid and certainly easy to type on, especially if you're accustomed to typing on a laptop. The keys are marked with several shortcut functions to launch tasks or apps.This is a great item for anyone who wants a lightweight substitute for traveling with a laptop. While sitting in a hotel room checking e-mail, this is all you need."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I received the item in a timely manor, but the best thing about this product, was the outstanding response I received by the seller. It was an excellent purchase experience and excellent customer service.  I would buy from this seller again.  I was unable to make the item work with my blackberry 8310, and the seller provided me the opportunity to return it for a full refund, however, my life got busy and the time alloted to return it expired, but that's my fault and not the seller."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works great with my Moto Q.  Typing sound is annoying but easily turned off.I also caution that you should probably store the batteries uninstalled.  I put a brand new set of Duracells in it and they were dead a month later with almost no use (Just sitting in my briefcase)  I discovered this at the start of a 5 hour flight and fortunately was able to cannibalize a set from my MP3 player.  This only happened once so I can't say for sure that the keyboard sucked them dry.What really annoyed me was the \"Fold and unfold\" sticker which had some sort of industrial adhesive.  What a stupid thing to use.  It took me 25 minutes with cleaning solvent to get that darn thing off.  Also the black vinyl zippered pouch stinks like some toxic chemical.  If not for those two things I'd rate it 5 stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought these to replace my LG headset which kept dropping audio during phone calls.  The sound quality is very good.  It has a longer range than the LG. Overall very pleased.  The software that runs the headset is not as advanced as the LG, it doesn't announce the battery level and it can only be connected to one device at a time.  When it announces it is connected, if two of your devices have bluetooth on at the same time, you don't know which one it is connected to because it does not identify the unit it is connected to.Overall, though, I like them a lot.  The sound quality is very important to me and I wear them a lot when I am listening to programs on netflix and for my day-to-day phone use."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's so so.  Not as comfortable as advertised and hugs your neck which i hate.  Has great sound but  is quite plain. I own an older LG model bigger for guys my size.... Has more control buttons for the different functions compared to the 2 buttons the Motorola has.The off/on button is in a bad place, every time I lay on the bench to lift weights I lay on the button which shuts it off ...Poor design. I wouldn't say not to buy it but a gadget person as myself I prefer the LG so I returned the Motorola and ordered a newer LG model .."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just love this bluetooth headset. It was so easy to pair up with my new Sidekick 3. I did not have to do anything except charge the headset and then turn it on. Thanks again Amazon.com for providing me another great product at such a great price. The sound quality is outstanding. People on the other end just know that I am talking on a landline phone until I tell them that I am on a Bluetooth wireless headset and they are astounded. I highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for a brilliant headset at an excellent price. The Motorola HS 820 is the bomb!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's a great deal, so i jumped on it. But was truly disappointed. I've so far summed up Motorola products as well really really poor. I own a Razar, wish i could return that! But this headset, thinking it's from motorola would work well with my phone, but no. It's on my belt clip, and the phone tell me that the bluetooth headset is 30 ft away, signal is weak, and then disconnets. To me that's strange. It's also surprising that this happens randomly, so it's kinda annoying, b/c you can't anticipate it. Kinda annoying when driving, b/c you rely on the headset to work properly. Also get the static noise which is weird, b/c it shouldn't do that. especially when driving."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was my first foray into the BT department. I first had this paired to a Moto v551 then later to a RAZR v3 Silver and Black. The only shortcoming I can find is the method used to turn the unit on and off. There are times you think you have the headset turned off, but in reality you just redialed the last person called. The HS850 is a better designe here, but thats the only \"one up\" the 850 has on this headset. The volume and fitment of this 820 are much better than on the 850. I have only had 1 signal related issue and that was due to me being too far away from the phone. Overall a great buy!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "At first, I was a bit leary about buying one of these, because I had heard that they were never loud enough unless you were in a very quiet place. NOT TRUE! I have to say I've had to turn down the volume on this before! Now, don't take that out of context, but this is a great product. I live in Texas and drive a loud truck, and I've been able to use this product driving down the road! I would definitely recommend this product. A great purchase for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset seems to work fine, but the audio quality is nothing to write home about, to the person on the other end of the line you will sound soft and like you are talking on a speakerphone. They will also hear a lot of background noise. I am much happier with the Cardo Scala 500 Bluetooth headset. It has much better audio quality and even comes with more stuff for about the same price.And, you may not really *need* a wireless bluetooth headset because you can just use a wired one or use your speakerphone. But I admit that it's sort of cool to be totally wireless-you can put the phone in your pocket or purse and be totally unencumbered by wires, which feels a bit safer and freer, especially while driving or when you have to work with both hands and talk at the same time for example.A note about the battery-do not store this unit (or your phone) in a hot car! Heat damages batteries and shortens their lifespan."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this to connect walkman type gadgets to my car stereo.  It worked well at first, but the wiring quickly started having problems.  The sound would cut out and I'd need to mess with the cable to find a position where the wires inside would be touching correctly again.  After 8 months, the wire is now completely detached from one of the plug ends.  Maybe the heat of my car played a role in the breakdown of the cable, but if that's how you're planning on use it, don't be surprised if it starts shorting out on you too."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The concept of the phone is terrific.  I have to use a 2-way pager for work, and instead of carting around a cell phone and bulky pager, I now just have this one small item.  And while I didn't think I'd really use it, the Bluetooth functionality has definitely sold me.  I can use it not only for a wireless headset, but to connect to the internet and to transfer sound files back and forth as well.The software of the phone seems to be a bit buggy still, unfortunately.  When I lock the keypad, I still sometimes hear tones when the keypad is pressed and the display lights up.  The menus are sometimes slow to respond, delaying as much as 2 full seconds (doesn't sound like much, but it can be irritating).Overall, I'd buy the phone again without hesitation, but I'm an early adopter.  If you're willing to put up with the occassional buggy behavior, I'd definitely recommend this phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The A630 is another ground-breaking handset design from Motorola.  It showcases the ingenuity of American engineering when you see the QWERTY keyboard hidden underneath on this lightweight (4 oz.) cell phone.  It's stylish, too, and has great reception -- that is, where T-Mobile has coverage at all.  Compared to the Sidekick II and many other T-Mobile phones, the A630 has the best signal-keeping capability, but T-Mobile just sucks big time, unless you live right next to one of their sporadic cell towers.  Worse, their GPRS (data) network is slow and congested.  While surfing the web on the A630 is really cool when the network is accessible, for most part of the day the network is slow and often inaccessible.  We really need the govt to step in and mandate that these cell companies upgrade their networks first before charging consumers an arm and a leg for data services."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pros:1. Compact in Size;2. eye-ball-absorber design;3. Good bluetooth connection (w/ HS820 headset);4. Convinient input keyboard;5. The screen is clear enough to show a vivid picture;Cons:1. battery is toooooo weak. A full charged battery can only last for one day (with normal amount of incoming and outgoing calls and without any other devices connected). A lot shorter than they claimed in the description (6 days in waiting mode)!2. A little bulky compared tp other camera phones(like samsung);3. The phonebook is a little different from all the other brands;4. System freezed up once when I input phone numbers with bluetooth device connected. I have to reset it by taking the battery out;5. No zoom function with the build-in camera; Can't observe the picture from front small screen when taking photos with the phone closed;6. No software; Just one Java game come with the unit. No choiceother than purchasing more on line."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have placed these in several of my phones since they first came out in the 1990s. I know that they made a big difference in my older phones that had physical antennae&#8217;s which needed to be pulled out of the phone.  Since the phone antennae&#8217;s have changed, I haven&#8217;t been able to notice any significant improvements with these installed or without them. I install them now because I got some for free and this is probably what they are now worth. The level of improved reception is about as noticeable as the loss of cash that I paid to get these free signal boosters."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really enjoy this device--being able to check email and blogs and send IMs while out and about is really nice. However, it's kinda huge compared to a regular cellphone, and I found that to be a bit of a drag. My service agreement seemed kind of pricey,  and the coverage was poor (I couldn't get a signal in my own kitchen, and I live in the middle of a big city, not out in the country) and in the end, I've shelved this phone for a smaller one with a cheaper monthly fee."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pro's:Very easy to use.Qwerty keyboardOTA (Over The Air) software upgrades that add usability to it once or twice a year.Full buddy list loading for AIM and YIM.Synchs to both Windows and Mac computers.Large clear screen.Allow for export of web bookmarks.Use up to three Pop3 or Imap4 email addresses with it.Con'sNo external memory.limited camera memory.no Bluetooth.no spell checker for the emailNo Microsoft Exchange email support so no corporate email unless it is a Pop3 or allows you to login from the web.Overall an excellent device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone, and this one is the best. I'm happy to finally have a clear screen cover that works. For the past two years I wouldn't even try them, using only the anti-glare covers. Then I would get tired of the anti-glare covers because in my opinion they detracted from the attractiveness of the screen.This cover looks great; you have to look real close to even realize there is a cover on there (wasn't the case with previous clear covers I had used). Boxwave sent me cleaning supplies with the two covers - that made it very easy to apply without getting any dust caught in between. And finally, finger prints do not show up as readily as they do when there is no cover.Nice screen cover. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Oh my, crystal clear... stands up to its name. ..absolutely easy directions to follow... No lint. . my screen looks like it has no protector on it. I am very careful with my device, so I do not know how it will handle items scratching the screen or fingerprints..I received it quickly, and I didn't have to pay for shipping, plus because I bought one item, received this packet for free. It comes with two screen protectors. If you follow the directions, you should not need the other. I have purchased others, and followed the directions and still end up with lint underneath... YES, I would recommend this item. ..It is a must have for your phone. .."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "i like camera phones, but i can't believe this phone don't have usb cable to upload pics..i have to pay $.25 for sending each pics..Viewing all camera phones, this one is pretty nice..It's got flash, and it's got 4 different types of resolutions..It zooms in more than i expected..Other than camera, for contact list, it gives you to save #s, pic, ringtones for a person..I think thats good..i guess that's all i'm gonna say..Overall, phone is decent.For other viewers, if you wanna buy this, you should buy it now, and don't wait cause more updated phones will come out soon"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Guys,I have used several of my friends bluetooth headsets (motorolas and jabras) and had decided I didn't want one.  Then I found the Mobile Freedom and read the reviews.  I know Logitech and have used a lot of their stuff with good results so I tried it.  IT DOES EVERYTHING YOU HAVE READ!!  It's quiet in the wind, it's battery lasts for days for me, it's easy to use, easy to pair and the sound quality is awesome!!  Nobody could ever tell I was using a headset.  It takes a bit to get used to the ear clip, but once you do there are no problems.  It may be a bit heavier and larger than some, but then those little tiny ones that look so chic also have TERRIBLE reviews and TERRIBLE performance!!  Try it out, you won't regret it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought the Logitech after reading numerous reviews on various brands.  I use the device with a Motorola V551 phone (Cingular).  It works geat!  It charges very quickly and the charger folds up in a compact fashion when not in use (the electrical prongs fold up into a recess in the charger). The unit holds a charge for a long time.  I left it in a drawer for a month, pulled it out and it was still ready to go!I use the device a couple of times a month on business, when driving, etc.  The windscreen is outstanding and cuts out noise even when driving with the window open.  some people complain about the ear piece.  It seems fine to me and you can adjust it easily, but keep in mind any headset is an annoyance when you first wear one.  Then it becomes second nature.the sound is great, the phone detects the device quickly, its fairly comfortable. All it all it performs just like a device twice its price,"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Its the only bluetooth headset I've used, so I don't have anything to compare it with.  Has made my ipaq 6315 much more usable as a phone.  Sound quality is good, some people say I sound far away, I'm experimenting with the gain on the ipaq, we'll see if that helps.  It was a little tight for me at first (big ears), I was able to bend the part that goes around the ear a little and its much better now.  Great battery life.Would be nice to have an external ringer on it, so I could hear it ringing or vibrate if I were away from the phone.  Good range 15-30'."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "i had bought the motorola HS820 before this one for $80. i have a motorola V505 from at&t.; the motorola worked pretty well, but i thought $80 for a bluetooth headset was way too much. i returned the motorola and picked up the logitech instead and for 1/2 the cost, i was just as happy.it fits a little awkwardly on my ear, but so did the motorola, so i am thinking my ears are the problem. call clarity and voice recognition is good. battery life is good. weight on ear is good. overall, i am pretty impressed!i wish there was some way to adjust the tightness of the earpiece as it feels kind of loose on my ear. would also be nice if the \"on\" button wasn't so small that you covered it up with your finger when you turned it on, making it hard to see the flashing blue light.whenever i use my microwave, it makes the bluetooth connection drop. just warning ya'. ;)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was a bit skeptical when I saw the price and read some reviews but I thought hey its Logitech it must be good.  I was right this headset is very comfortable compared to another headset I just bought.  The ear speaker is loud even to the point that I don't have to have it on the highest setting.  The mic was the thing I was worried about though, so I called my friend's cell phone and talked to myself and I was pleasantly surprised with the sound volume and clarity.  Also I haven't had any complaints from other friends I've talked to with the headset.  It has been my experience that Logitech makes the best wireless devices for the buck and they didn't let me down with this one (second Logitech wireless devices in two month; I also bought their xbox controller which is definitely also worth the buy.)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The sound quality was excellent, but the earpiece is flimsy and irreplacable: terrific electrical engineering, poor mechanical engineering.I loved it when it wasn't broken.  Even wind didn't seem to bother the headset much.  The voice quality was great on transmission and reception.  But the earpiece is incredibly flimsy and can't be replaced.  I got a new headset the first time on warranty.  The second time it broke I could have gotten a free replacement again but I didn't want the hassle.  I have a Scala now that I've been using for months and I'm very happy with it, even though the sound and wind-immunity doesn't measure up to the Logitech."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have used it now for 2 weeks with a RAZR V3 and I am satisfied it works as advertised. It was very easy to pair the headset with the phone. The sound is good even in noisy environments. The headset is light, confortable and fits well.My only complaint is about the smart button used to turn on/off, answer, dial and pair. The button is also a LED indicator. The LED flashes diferently (different colors, intervals) for various modes but it is difficult to see the LED while pushing and holding the button. After a few days I got used to it and now I know how long to hold the button down to switch on/off, pair or use voice dial.At $42 it is a good deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using this for a month.PROS:It is a good value.  It works really well, and it lasts a very long time on a charge.  The WindStop feature works very well.  People have been able to hear me very well while driving and even while playing volleyball.  It stays on the ear well but is not uncomfortable.CONS:The unit looks okay but is less attractive than some of the other high-tech units on the market.  3 of my co-workers have commented that it looks like I am wearing a phallic symbol on my ear, which is really not the look I would like to achieve."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We bought the Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter to go with ourPlantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headsetand have been very pleased with both devices. Using the handset lifter give you the ability to answer calls directly from the wireless headset, which is good if you spend a lot of time away from the physical phone to which the headset unit is connected.Setup was amazingly easy, just following the directions allowed us to get this installed in just a few minutes on our very inexpensive no-name speaker phone.Like our Plantronics Headset, this has passed the test of time and I would buy a new one if it failed today.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "There isn't much to say here.  For the phone system I have, this was needed to enable the remote functions of the  Plantronics-CS540 Convertible Wireless Headset.  It could be more aesthetically-pleasing, but as I'm sure it's designed for a wide variety of phones that need a remote lifter, I suppose you can't complain.Mounting the unit can be tricky.  You need to be certain it will work properly before you use the sticky tape to mount it in place.  So, you wind up holding it with one hand while working your headset to activate/deactivate it several times to be sure you've found the right spot for it.Comes with a special headset adapter for phones with shapes that offset the lifter bar."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had to teach an on-line WebEx class. Normally I am provided a phone bridge. However, this time, they wanted to utilize VOIP only. I didn't want to use a normal head set with a cord tie'n me to within 6 feet of the computer. I needed 8 hours of talk time, I'm the instructor. This fit the bill. I let it charge over night and it's ready for the next day. I do put it back in the charger during lunch break. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is that my ear hurt at the end of the day. The piece that goes over the head to keep the unit to my ear put to much pressure on my ear. I will have to try the other ear adapters."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a usb wireless headset. just plug it in to your mac or pc and it sees it as another sound device , no drivers needed (xp or os x) I tested it with Skype on the mac and teamspeak on my pc . It comes with a sound api for windows for skype and a few others that allow the buttons on the phone to pickup or hangup calls , I did not try it out because I just like to use apps as is without special add ons ...The range is great , so if you skype and dont want to be tied to your pc then plug this bad boy in and your free to walk all over the house , same goes for teamspeak for the gamers out there.It was so pleasing for something to just work out of the box for a change! I tried for hours to do the same thing using bluetooth and it was a mess... This thing just works!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Set it up, it worked great for a little over 24 hours and the base unit failed to connect to my laptop. Returned and purchased a different item. Didn't want to take the business risk of replacing with the same thing.  Can't afford to be offline for as long as it will take to get this replaced.To be fair, I have used several Plantronics headsets and they were all great... my all time favorite is now 10+ years old and not compatible with Google Voice (though it does work great with Cisco IP phone). I also have a bluetooth Plantronics Voyager headset for my iPhone and it is also very good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this product for skype calls.  I found it to be the most high quality (but expensive) wireless headset for VOIP uses. I use it on Windows Vista and Windows 7.  The headset lasts a long time (all day) without charging, and I can go from my computer outside the house and half way down the street and I still have clear calls.  The ear piece is not as comfortable as I'd like, but after you wear it a while I think your head adjusts to the shape.Software install was easy, and setup was pretty no-brainer.  It has other functionality and adjustments that I do not use and have not had to learn about.I use this brand also for a regular phone headset on my work phone and absolutely love it.  I've found very high quality calls and battery life on every Plantronics device I've ever used."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am in love with this phone!First off, the Palm functionality is wonderful! The address book and calendar all work excellently, and the cross-functions are greatImprovements include SMS messaging, which is much faster and now includes hyperlinks for phone numbers and web addresses, unlike the Treo 600The web on here is faster ---- the screen is crisperHowever, BlueTooth is the BEST new feature ----- wireless data transfer is, usually, quick, and the wireless headphones are greatLastly - many have complained that the phone is too slow with its functions and unstable --- however, ever since the system software was updated to 1.12, it has made the phone much quicker and much more stable!Ordering a new phone today should come with that 1.12 software built into it, alreadyI am a former Treo 300 and 600 user, and the 650 is a wonderful upgrade and worth every penny, considering the bluetooth and software improvementsso buy it!!! - you won't be sorryPS - the Cardo Scala bluetooth earpiece is the best earpiece out there for this phone"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased the Scala 500 as my first BT headset and I regret it. The company is v-e-r-y slow to respond to email messages to their support box, so call them, don't write.While the sound quality of the unit is very, very good, there are other issues with the unit. First, the fit on my particular ear is horrible... always feeling like it was going to fall off. I never trusted it walking through airports as it just didn't feel secure.Second, the unit literally fell apart in my hands after three or four months. The portion that protrudes gently into my ear came loose, then broke off. I note that others have metioned the same thing. It just wasn't well constructed. Bummer! I've replaced it now with another low-cost unit made by Plantronics, but while I miss the sound quality of the Cardo, I am disappointed by their slow support and poor quality."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had this headset originally, and then lost it.  After I lost my original, I figured I'd give a motorolla one a try, and purchased the most expensive motorolla on the market (H700).Using my treo 650, I COULD NOT HEAR ANYTHING people were saying, and got constant complaints that the people I was talking to couldn't hear me well.  The volume was terrible, and so was the sound quality.This headset is SO LOUD that i have to keep it on the 3rd from highest setting.  The clarity is great!  People think I'm talking on a land line.  For the $35 bucks, I bought a new one and chucked my motorolla in the garbage.IM SO HAPPY TO HAVE MY SCALA BACK!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works well even in the wind.  Can't listen to music through it with my SLVR though, as expected.  I find I don't use it much though.I set up a shortcut in my SLVR for quickly enabling bluetooth when I am wearing my headset. If I have a bluetooth headset active, it refuses to play music at all - through the built-in speaker or a cable.  But this is the fault of the SLVR.Update:  I dropped it outside, where it got rained on for two days before I found it.  Thoroughly dried it out and turned it on.  Still works!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Compared to Motorola Bluetooth headsets, this Cardo really rocks. It has much better mic and speaker sound quality and volume than Motorola. The Motorola makes me sound like I'm talking on a speakerphone while the Cardo is a bit better in this regard.That said, because the mic is so far away from your mouth, you will still sound very distant and a bit muffled. With this Cardo, callers still complain when I'm in the car or outside on a windy day that there is a lot of background wind noise.I ended up going back to the wired headset that came with my Motorola RAZR phone, which has much better audio quality and is not as cumbersome to setup during a call as a Bluetooth headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use a nextel i730 and this jabra adapter fits on the back perfectly with velcro. (adapter is approx 1/8 thin)  The adapter has 3 tiny setting to adapt to different phones and I find setting #2 to work fine with my motorola HS820 wireless earpiece. This adapter works on Nextels direct connect and regular phone calls, my last adapter would not do the direct connect. So far I have had the adapter and earpiece on for over 16hrs with out a charge, while receiving many phone calls and direct calls during these hours. Can't wait till Nextel comes out with a bluetooth phone but till then, this is the only way to go!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought, exchanged, and then returned this unit.  Both units delivered to me would not turn on.  When I charged them using the supplied adaptor, the red charging light came on and a few hours later, the unit was supposedly fully charged.  However, when I attempted to turn the unit on by pressing the power button, nothing happened.  The unit never came on, could not be paired, and never worked.  I returned both of them.  I can understand one unit being bad, but two units that were shipped several weeks apart shouldn't be.When I called for technical support, I waited on hold for sometime, and then gave up."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this item @ a local retailer, was happy cause i got it on sale (probobly clearance) well it worked 2 days then the wire going into the unit it self would get static if touched!  I can not find my receipt, so i e-mailed jabra & they are acting like this isn't an issue! wanting to know how many phones i tried, if i tried more than 1 headset, etc.... i will prolly get no where or if they do accept a return the S&H Charges will be stupid & not worth replacement!  Just get a nice wired headset, less $ spent & less headache!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this Bluetooth as a back-up for my pretty pink Motorola H500. Therefore, I placed it in the drawer until I needed a replacement, and last night i needed it. I plugged it up for a couple of hours and tried to pair it to my new phone and it did not work. I then charged it overnight and again tried to pair it and nothing (not one indicator light). I plugged the blue-tooth back into to the charger, it had a steady blue light and i tried pairing it to my phone while it was on the charger and it worked; unfortunately, i can not walk around with a charger and outlet attached to my head. Consequently, this was a lemon and due to the months passed from my internet purchase, i am unable to return it or exchange.Therefore, the moral of the story is to test everything you purchase from the internet. I learned a valuable lesson."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This bluetooth is basically ok but the part holding on to your ear is very 'flimsey' and tends to want to fall off if u bend over so u have to keep securing it on your ear, which is quite annoying as I almost lost it a few times not realizing it was no longer on my ear...so it's a huge drawback for me. It seems to work ok otherwise tho sometimes I do have a  sound problem that is not present when I just listen straight from the phone without it...it's sometimes quite garbled. So this product for me though cute, is average in fuction."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that I was able to justify buying one:)  The H500 works fine with our LG Shine.  Although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (Well, not too bad really).It was an easy setup.  The device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. It also has a nice blue LED light. Available in many colors of choice.Why not 3 stars?  The volume control is hardly palpable.  It is hard to adjust the volume while in use.  Your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust.  Even the call button is difficult to press.I like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear.  It is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought an H500 a few years ago when it first came out. It was plagued with low volume and poor connection. After using a nokia bluetooth for the last year I got this one again because of the no cell phone laws in California as of July 1st.This headset is plenty loud with my Sony Ericsson T650i and I haven't had it drop the bluetooth connection yet. The volume sits a little below half and I can hear perfectly in the car. Battery life rocks and voice clarity is a lot better than I remembered it with the first H500.4 out of 5 stars because the ear clip is flimsy and doesn't allow the H500 to sit tightly against your ear. So if you're planning on using this while running or during an intense walk - don't count on it.Definitely recommend this as a great bluetooth device. Can't go wrong with the price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This Bluetooth sucks. Plain and simple... I mean I paid, what, $15 for the thing so wasn't expecting the best but at least working quality. I always buy the Motorola H730 or H750 which are upwards of $60 but I always lose them. Always! It is a curse so I figured I would get a rinky-dink cheap one so I wouldn't cry in the corner losing out on a day&#8217;s worth of work pissed and distraught over losing my (what is this my 6th) Bluetooth. But with every call - EVERY ONE - it was unbearable static on my end so much so that everyone mentioned it. Hell, even the recorded lady on the voicemail was like this thing sucks! So yeah just spend the extra cash and go up a few grades because this was a lost cause."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The #1 reason to buy (and keep) this phone is the slim form factor.  Let's face it - for guys who don't like to keep the phone on their belt like a pager, a pants or suit pocket is the only option.  This phone is far and away the best one in that regard.  I forget it's there a lot of the time.  It is also built EXTREMELY solidly, and does NOT scratch easily, although the SCREEN scratches easily.However, the battery life is terrible.  I literally have to charge it every night after less than two hours of talking with bluetooth.  You MUST get the car charger immediately.  Even though I had bought one on the internet, I couldn't wait for it because the phone kept dying so I raced to a local cingular store for an intermediate car cord.The Motorola HS-850 BT headset is great but occassionally loses connection w/the phone, which is frustrating.The only reason I kept this phone is the size."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I origanally purchased this phone thinking it had voice dialing similar to the motorola v710. Unfortunately is uses the old style of voice dial where you have to train your voice for each phonebook entry. The v710 does not require this and utilizes true speech recognition software. Since this was the most important feature to me I am returning the razr and exchanging it for the v710. To bad, the razr is superior in most other categories except the one most importand to me. If it had true nex technology voice recogition I would keep it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My wife and I each purchased V551s with our migration to Cingular 6 months ago. In that time (during which the phone was never dropped, bumped, etc), I've replaced my phone twice, and hers once. The problems we've had include:- random \"white screen of death\"- Bluetooth connectivity problems (isolated to phones)- dropped calls in perfect reception areas- random battery indications- the infamous \"Unable to Charge\" problemAdd to that Motorola's lousy phonebook and UI, and retarded Bluetooth handling (e.g., if any BT device is connected, the same Moto default ring sounds, regardless of sound profile or caller-specific ringtones), and you have an overpriced, overhyped, oversize paperweight.I'm fortunate Cingular offers my company's employees discounts on new phones, so that I can go back to Sony Ericsson. My old T616 gave me 2 years of perfect service, even after having been dropped twice. It's on its 2nd owner now, who has used it for 6 months problem-free."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I owned one of these for about three months, then it started to fall apart.  It was $30 at Best Buy.  I haven't replaced it, as $30 is a *lot*.$10?  I'm buying two more.  I can be moving 20 mph on my bicycle, talking to someone, with no problems.  It has far better sound quality than my 'backup', which is a Jabra with no boom.  The ear volume is adjustable on my phone, and I'm wondering what phones other reviewers have that won't let them adjust the volume?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Samsung Note 2 lets face it is a large phone... Howeva I am all about putting it in nice cases. This case hits a stars. Has a credit/ID slots and a money slot - Love that - so I don't have to carry a purse. Plus the strap is nice to have on wrist while on the phone (you know how crazy people are now a days running by snatching phones, extra secure). Best parts phone is secure in case holder when flip case over open. There is an appropriate hole in the back of case for the S-pen removal. Also the phone button closes versus most magnetic closure cases out here.Only con: No Speaker hole in front to close case while talking on phone.Howeva regardless -- highly recommend. Might get another in another color."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Its cheap the wristlet is like a little thread and not sturdy at all. You have to clip your uncased phone into the plastic backing attached 5o the purse. Money part needs length to really pack some cash in. Id like a better cash compartment which is one thing I wanted in my purchase.  Id say purchase a cheaper product like this. Id the wristlet breaks and im positive it will your product is pointless.  Buyer be aware. Update. I stopped using this. The same day I got this my phone was kind of stuck in it and without thinking I was madly pulling at it. Needless to say my note 2 went flying and cracked the screen to pieces. Just be careful handling your phone since this privides no protection and can be tough to disengage from the phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I actually like this case a lot. I was worried about the price and it being a TPU and all. I have to say, I have a feeling this one is going to last a lot longer than the Spigen Neo-Hybrid I owned for 3 months before it broke. And even better, I can fit all of my charging and headphone devices perfectly, unlike the Spigen. It doesn't make the case bulky, as it may look. It actually feels quite nice in my hands. Overall, I really like this case. If that happens to change eventually, I will absolutely re-review it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Does what it needs to do at an excellent price.  Fits well, seems rigid enough to prevent some damage, and the kickstand is a nice touch.  I don't know how well the kickstand will hold up over time, but works well.  The ridge around the front allows me to put the phone face down without it touching a table.  The case is pretty compact and still fits into the Smart Dock, although it prevents HDMI from registering.  So it charges and goes into dock mode, but doesn't seem to sit down far enough to engage the HDMI."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm very pleased with this case. One piece that slips on fairly easily. It's not real grippy like some but has enough grab that you can hold onto it. Goes in and out of my holder and pocket easy enough. The stand on the back works great! When the stand is closed it's flush with the back of the case so it lays flat. Some cases, with stands, have hinges and parts that sick out. The blue is nice and true to on line image. I really like it. The price is amazing!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this charger to use with my Motorola Razr.  I already had one that is essentially identical, except my old phone (Motorola V5510 has a different sytle adapter than the Razr, which uses a 'mini-USB'.This product is inexpensive, does exactly what it says, which is charges the phone in a car using the auto's power/cigarette outlet, and it comes with a cute little Motorola 'M' insignia which lights up bloue during use.  At such a low price - I paid less than $9 on AMAZON - there's really no reason to buy a non-OEM charger."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the original Motorola car charger and is the only one you should consider. It works well and seems to have good protection so that you can start your car with it plugged in without frying your phone or the charger itself.The Motorola logo on the end of it lights up when it's plugged in, which looks very cool especially at night. I was pleasantly surprised by this as well as the performance and build quaility.I can't vouch for the company shipping it out promptly since mine was included as part of my RAZR phone bundle but I would recommend this charger to anyone with a RAZR or PBLE phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For a corded headset solution, this headset is excellent.  I use it with my KRZR.  Sound quality is more than loud enough and quality is excellent.  One of the main issues I had was that I always have the air vents going in my vehicles.  In the past, people on the other end of my calls always complained about wind noise, with this headset that isn't an issue anymore.  Additionally, the headset is very comfortable to wear.There is only one item to be careful of.  When I first tried the unit I didn't realize that there was a mute function on the control cord.  As a result I called a particular person a few times and they couldn't hear me.  Finally, I figured out what was going on.  Of course it was user error.  Oh well.I would highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the 8th headset I have tried. Most of the ones I have purchased work very well with a cell phone, but not so good on a cordless phone. Same with this set... Very comfortable to wear. I can hear those I call really well. Those that I call need to be able to hear me too! The volume on this mic is better than most I have tried, but is still low. If you are talking to clients on the phone all day, this is important. I have a good Panasonic cordless phone and have yet to find a headset to use with it that has a strong volume. Still looking."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Sound quality is pretty good.  The wind \"technology\" is not bad.  Stong winds, blowing sand etc,  is going to get heard with this.  But for the price it is comfortable.  For someone who has to buy special adapters to get Blue tooth devices to stay in my ear I am impressed with this.  I wish it had a call end button on the thing.  But the mute button is great.  I would buy this again.  And i like it almost as much as my jawbone.  Paring is not an issue with wired devices.....  ;)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "OMG this has got to be the smallest piece of junk I have ever paid for :) really this charger died 2 weeks after I pluged it into my car.the charger itself is made of cheap plastic,light weight and just down right worthless. the 2 weeks I had it pluged in,it never gave my phone a full charge,i drove 63 miles with it pluged into my phone and yet still did not fully charge it.guess you get what you pay for.so if you want more,then you'll have to pay more."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like how it just barely sticks out from the cigarette plug on my Passat, so I can close the cover when I don't have my phone chord plugged in.Even on the 2.1 port, the charger cannot keep up with an iphone 5S. With every thing off on the iphone (air plane mode, screen off, etc), it gave a 15% charge in 2 hours. That's 7.5% per hour.When using Waze GPS the charge drops from 100% to 90% in 10 minutes.I would not recommend this charger."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "the smell, the smell, oh my god, the smell!!!!!! ok i had read the other reviews and i thought, &#34;how bad could it be&#34;.... can you say brainbusting headache bad!!!!, i had to leave it in front of an air purifier for DAYS!!! and it still had the aroma of a toxic waste dump... but in all seriousness the smell went away after about 7 to 10 days, &#34;or i just got used to it, lol,&#34; and it has made one of the best  ipad mini cases i have ever used... and i have used about 100.."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was unsure about this case, as I text a lot, and thought it might add too much for just sending a quick text.  But this has not been the case.  It holds 2 cards, an ID, and a small amount of paper money, but not much.  Its not enough to replace your wallet, but enough that I was able to replace my wallet with it.  If this style of case is what your looking for, then this is the case to buy.  It feels like its of a high quality, leather has worn well so far, phone does not slip out, does a good job of protecting the screen.  The only negative I can see is that the leather oils tend to build up on the screen and need occasionally wiping off, but this is a minor issue that comes with the full leather case territory."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for my father who uses a Nexus 4. The case looks and feels really nice and generally works well. However, there is one significant problem - the inside leather leaves an oily residue on the phone when closed. Suede and leather do need to have some oil retained to keep them in good condition, and while this makes the material look and feel wonderful to the touch, it is a bit of a problem when it comes to these kinds of electronics. The genuine leather on the outside is nice, but I think a synthetic inner lining may be more appropriate for this type of thing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love the case and it came 2 days early but there is some gripes i have. first of all there is a strong chemical smell as if the case was just freshly stained and second I had to remove the back of my galaxy s3 phone in order to get it to fit in the new case. and ive had it and been using it for 3-4 hours now and the smell is all through my house. it makes my throat hurt and im coughing so im going to leave the case outside for a couple of days and see if the smell goes away. I hope it does because i really wanted to use that case.I will update in a few days. if anyone has any suggestions on how to make the smell go away please let me know.update: ok i left the case outside for 24 hours and it seems to be ok now. but i still have to remove the back of my phone for it to fit. my phone is the galaxy s3 SGH-I747"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great case for the Samsung Galaxy S3 and BoxWave does a great job in making a quality classy durable product.  I love that it incorporates my wallet with my phone so that they are together instead of having to carry it separate.  It provides access to all the buttons, camera, charge slots, speakers and it makes it look not so obvious when it is closed.  Many people often mistake it for a journal, calendar, bible, etc.  I also like that it protects my screen in the closed position.  A great product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After having replaced my 250 3 times at the verizon store I asked to be given the 250V instead of a 4th 250, they did and so far so good, I think Jabra knew the 250 had some defects , each 250 i had died (stopped pairing) in about 2 months, the 250V seems to have no problems and works much better with my Motorola V710.The fit is great, and the sound is good, could use better noise cancellation, but oh well, maybe in a future model. But overall , I like the 250V. I recommend it to anyone. Just roll your windows up if your driving, or you wont be heard by the other end of your call."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset at the same time as my Verizon Palm Treo 650.  Pairing was a snap, and it supported the hands free profile.  The call quality was great on both ends (however wind or car A/C caused people on the other end to have lower quality).  I only charged it twice - day one and one week later.  I used it for about a total of one to two hours a day on my commute.There was just one drawback, and it was a deal-breaker for me.  I wear glasses, and the bulk of the headset behind the ear made it very uncomfortable.  I returned the headset today after I had to end my call on the way home after 20 minutes.  If you don't wear glasses, this is an ideal bluetooth headset for the Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I did my research years ago when I purchased this off Amazon. It's been the best headset for all these years. It followed me through 2.5mm cell phones to 3.5mm cell phones with an adapter. Sadly, the other parties can no longer hear me with it. I even tried a new 2.5 to 3.5mm adapter with no luck. I'm looking for a new headset and there's NOTHING like this one. Shure had it right and I wish they still made it. Not everyone likes bluetooth where it's hard to hear and be heard. I can't believe there's nothing like this on the market anymore. Jabra all has bad reviews and I tried a Plantronics one and returned it. I'm mourning the loss of this headset and wish it'd magically work again."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using the HS850 for the better part of 2008 and have found it to be a competent little unit.  It pairs quite nicely with my Motorola i880 that was assigned by my employer.  I find the volume level to be good, though not outstanding.  I can hear the other party quite clearly and have had no complaints going in the other direction.The HS850 that I got from Amazon came with a charger and minimal instructions, but I had no issues.  After being plugged in for one overnight cycle it was ready to go.  The fact that the mike boom also acts as an on/off switch is great, as it tends to conserve battery life.  Are there better units on the market ?  Most likely.  But I feel that I've gotten some decent value out of this handy headset from Motorola."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm not a Bluetooth techie, so I can't compare this to other headsets, but after a month of ownership, I can say it works great.My car has built-in Bluetooth, but everbody tells me that when I'm in the car it sounds like I'm under water.  Not so with the Motorola - I'm told it's crystal-clear.The only negatives I have are:* The multifunction button has no tactile feel - it leads you to press too hard, and too often.  This is especially a problem when you're walking or driving.* The flip out mic is nifty, but the headset tends to wobble if you shake your head at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a terrific device.  I use it with my Motorola RAZR V3 and it works great.  I don't know what I did without a wireless headset.  Two things that could be better - first it doesn't recognize ring tones from my phone (but I think that is the phone's problem not necessarily the headset), and second, it occassionally will drop the signal from my phone causing me to scramble to figure out how to go from the headset to my phone.  This doesn't happen very often so it really isn't that big of a deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset to replace my HS820.  I previously used both the Motorola HS850 and the HS820 and had the same two problems with each.- Insecure attachment to my ear.- Insuffcient volumeWhenever I moved, the motorola headsets wiggled and made me feel as if they were about to fall off. They never did but it was still annoying.The volume problem was in part related to this. The contact with my ear wasn't very firm and the ambient noise that the headsets let in coupled with a relatively low volume meant that I had to press the headset to my ear to hear clearly.I gave it 2 stars rather than one because of the GREAT battery life.I finally bought a Plantronics 510 and have been very satisfied."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this for around $30, and it works really nice. My only complaint would be my ear starts feeling sore after wearing it for awhile, and like another reviewer said, it is light enough that it feels like it might fall off sometimes. My husband who is a truck driver said he couldn't hear through it over the noise of the truck, but I can use it and hear through it in my car just fine. It would have been good if it came with a car charger too, but thats just wishful thinkin :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the look of this headset, and I really like the fact that flipping the boom turns it on and off instantly.However, the Motorola HS850 performs much worse than my much older Logitech Mobile Traveller Bluetooth Headset.  Everyone I call indicates that I sound muffled, and callers typically ask me to discontinue the use of the headset.  Also, the earpiece speaker is not that loud, so it is rather hard for me to hear callers when there is background noise (e.g., in the car).I just purchased this a couple of weeks ago.  I am giving it to a friend and ordering a different one (Plantronics Voyager 510?)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got two of these.  One for my wife and one for me.  I can not tell when she calls me if she is on the phone or using the headset ( maybe that is more a comment on the phone :) ).The voice interface of the phone has more to do with how well this works.  On my wife's phone she has to train each contact she wants to voice dial.  Not very practical.  On my phone it just figures it out but sometimes I am not certain who it has decided to call.  We both end up dialing through the phone and using the headset to talk and answer calls.  (We both have Verizon WM5 PDA phones.)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was my first clamshell phone, and I like that aspect of the phone, but that's about it.  It seems to have worse reception than my previous phones (all Nokia bar type) in the same coverage areas.  The biggest issue is definitely the battery.  I am NOT a heavy cell phone user so I like to just leave the phone in my car or gym bag and not worry about it for a couple days.  This phone will drain in 8 hours to 36 hours - with MINIMAL USAGE.  I don't know why it drains so quickly or with what seems to be random speeds, but it is extremely frustrating.  Also, I am not thrilled with the intuitiveness (or lack thereof) of the menus, but I am sure I would have become familiar with them in time.  I won't have a chance on this phone since I am looking to return mine ASAP.CONS:POOR Battery LifeWorse reception than previously owned phonesNot comfortable to holdPROS:Looks goodCompact"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I owned the V300 and found it to be a bit quirky, strange things would happen when ever I charged it, when it was finished all the personal settings would revert back to factory standard. They seemed to have fixed that with this latest version of the phone. My understanding is that they have combined the features from both the v300 and the v 600 to make this phone. I've only had it for 1 week and so far so good I always enjoyed functions such as speaker phone, voice dialing and voice memos, now I get the blue tooth and a much better redesigned key pad along with video clip capabilities. All of this is good news! If I had to pick a down side I would have to say that I'm dissapointed that Motorola decided to make this phone look exactly like the v300. I like what the body of the phone feels like, but a change of color would be better, maybe silver."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very nice phone.  Much nicer than my Razr V3 that I returned 3 times because of the high pitched whining noise... if you can live with high pitched static when answering calls (yes, this only happens when answering... NOT when making an outside call).  I like the color (and toying with changing the face plates) and the functionality with great battery life.  Its camera is pretty descent as far as cell phones go.  It is clear and works.  It is not super fancy, though it has a lot of fuctionality.  I am a bit disappointed that T-Mobile and Motorola don't have more choices right now, as I would have been happy to buy them.  Anyway, if you want a good phone with Bluetooth (BT), then this is a very good one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Yeah it's a sim card and well my phone doesn't have 3G so I don't really care that it works with 3G because it doesn't matter.I don't know why they want reviews on sim cards. I find SIM cards outdated though, They are massive compared to Micro SD cards and yet they hold next to no information when compared.The only reason SIM cards are good is because they go in GSM phones and if you unlock your phone you can cart it off to another service provider without issue. Especially quad band phones."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Over the years, my household has tried multiple Bluetooth solutions for our hands-free communications needs. We've had acceptable results from a solution integrated into GPS...but much of our regular driving doesn't include the need to load up a full-size GPS. We've had acceptable results from a visor-mounted Bluetooth speaker unit, but let's face it: sometimes we want to hold conversations that don't include everybody in the car:-)The Plantronics Voyager 510 has proven its value overs more than three years of demanding use. It fits comfortably over your ear excellent incoming and outgoing audio clarity. Best of all is its outstanding ability to hold a charge for a long time. I can generally count on more than a week between charges, even during periods of heavy use.We liked this enough to buy three...one for each driver in the house."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We have tried everything from the moto-850 to the other plantronics and after seeing this in a gold box deal thought what the heck.  To my amazement it has been really a fantastic headset. Easy to pair, easy to adjust volume, great battery life, very clear even with wind noise and city sounds around, and last but not least it has an indicator light that does not look like an emergency strobe (I hated my mot-850 for that at night it would reflect off the glass and the dash in the car or the side window and drive you insane...)All and all a 5 star unit"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned several Bluetooth cell phone headsets, and the PLT 510 is the best so far. It fits my ear perfectly, I can wear it for hours without noticing it, and it gives great sound. I had no problem syncing it to my iPhone, and although I haven't tried any other devices, I anticipate no problems.I only have two complaints:1. The on-off switch is very small and hard to use. I find that I have to push it with my thumbnail to make it work. If you have smaller fingers, you may have less of a problem.2. Plantronics uses a proprietary connector for charging, while other manufacturers are switching to mini or micro USB. A proprietary charging interface means one more wire to carry with me.In summary, a great purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After using a low-end JABRA bluetooth for the past year, this Plantronics voyager is so welcome!  It paired easily with my phone and with the different ear cushions, you can have one custom for your ear canal.While I found it to fit easily onto my ear and hold well, my boyfriend who has his ears more flat against his head had a hard time hooking it on his ear and having it stay there without much adjustment needed.  Also, he said that it was too bulky for his liking, but I like it just fine!The sound quality is great, I can hear others well and I'm told that I come through very clearly.  I have had it for almost 2 months and only had to charge it once besides that first time and I use it everyday for 1-2 hours each time - that's good battery life!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset generally works, though there was times I needed to re-pair it. My problems with it that are:1) Its hard to turn off - if you pay attention you can turn it off easy enough, but nothing like the Motorola H700 where you just flip the boom.2) It's big! It's comfy enough on your ear, but its huge in your pocket and since things stick out of it, its hard to get out of your pocket.3) Flashing blue light is way too bright! When is dark and I'm in the car, I keep thinking that the cops are behind me the way it blinks so brightly. It disturbed my passengers too.4) Wind tolerance - it's better than my H700, but its still too noisy to hold a conversation in any level of wind.I'm sending mine back and getting another H700."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The last Bluetooth headset I used was a Motorola something-or-the-other, and frankly I was underwhelmed. A few years later, I tried thePlantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset [Retail Packaging], and it was amazing. For the most part, people can't tell that I'm on a Bluetooth headset!The Pros: Great audio quality! Good battery life.The cons: I only wish it had a better earpiece... on that really goes INTO my ears, like mySony MDR-XB20EX 9mm High Sensitivity Driver Extra Bass EX Earbuds. The volume and mute buttons are kinda small and hard to reach/press.Those are just small details though. Overall I am impressed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This unit replaced a Motorola HS850 conscripted by my wife :-)It's better than the HS850 in the following ways:1) People hear me better.  Mic is really good.2) When the unit fits properly, audio amplification is betterIt's worse than the HS850 in that:1) it doesn't fit as well.  I find myself readjusting it throughout the day2) It doesn't synchronize instantaneously with my MPX220 like the HS850 did.  It always syncs eventually (15-60 seconds).Battery life is a tie.  Both are OK, but not as long as I would like (I've had to recharge mid-day a few times.  1-1.5 hours of talk appears to be the limit)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my 3rd bluetooth headset and my 2nd Plantronics.Plusses: works really well with my phone, even up to 20' away. I've dropped it lots of times and it's holding up nicely. Easily adjusts to either ear. Turns on & off easily.Negatives: People complain they can't hear me on a regular basis (even when there isn't noise around me). Is awful with wind noise. Is much clunkier than my last Plantronics (330). My phone knows it's there but is often very slow to transfer over to the headset.Overall, I am disappointed with the headset - other than the range between it & the phone, it's is not as good as the Plantronics 330."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak. The other person can not hear me at all.  So I contacted Plaintronics for repair.  Their repair process has no tracking, just sending in your headset to an address.  Two weeks later, I received a used one back, not the one I sent in, packaged in an OEM box. Although this one has better microphone than the new one I sent in, it battery is not very reliable to hold charge, also the battery portion is kind of loose.I can not recommend Plantronics product at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It took me just a little time to get used to this headset but I do love it. I have to admit that for the price, it works really well. Sometimes, it loses connection even though the power is on and bluetooth is blinking blue light, but if you reset it, it reconnects. Sometimes, I have not heard calls come in so reliability for me has been around 95%. I am giving it 4 stars because for the price and comfort, it works quite well. Watch out for battery drainage on the cell so if not using, make sure to power off the bluetooth Power On to Off. It is a concern not to lose it - it's small and without wires. I left it in the Juice store but it was right there when I went back (lucky me)!I highly recommend it overall!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Definitely a much better headset than the other two Motorola models that I also own -- it is loud, clear and the battery lasts a good two days between stand-by and light/medium use. It is a little larger in size but it is light in weight and comfortable for extended wear (3-4 hours at a time).There is one drawback, the unusual power cord/plug. After only 1-2 months of use, the headset started to not charge properly unless the plug is connected to the bottom of the headset just right.***10/2008***I liked it so much, I bought one for my wife. Unfortunately, hers die within 2 months with very light use. And, I mean 'light' -- it spent most of its life sitting on her nightstand. The light indicator went dark (not turned off) and it wasn't picking up her voice when she speaks into it. We returned it for a replacement and this one appears to be working just fine."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Item does work well as far as sound quality and setup ease. However ear loop is basically not adjustable at all, consequently making the ear piece itself to constantly work its way out of my ear and feel as if it were just hanging there... After days of pushing ear piece back into my ear canal and hoping the loop would give a bit. i returned it for exactly those reasons... Great sound quality and no one i spoke to claimed to hear any distortion. just didn't fit well with no possible adjusting available..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We have two, and we love them. They work very well, like much better than the Motorola's we had, and these are quite stylish and unobtrusive. Now, I will say that I switch back and forth between the smallest ear piece and none at all - with it, it fits better and you can hear better, but it starts hurting a little after a while, have to take a break; without it, I can wear it all day, but, it dangles a little awkwardly and sound is sacrificed, a little, but certainly bearable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my second headset replacing the Motorola one that came with my cell phone.  People I call tell me that the sound is very clear on their end and cannot tell that I am using the headset - sounds just like I am talking into the phone.  That was not the case with the first one. I travel a lot and wear the headset for long periods.  My ear does not get tired or sore from having it on.  The headset seems well balanced and never seems like it is going to fall off regardless of what I am doing.  I also like that it folds flat for easy carrying in my shirt pocket."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "i bought this one because of the excellent review, however, after pairing it to my Treo 650 and using it for a couple of days, i'm quite disappointed.  The sound quality is ok, sound level is on the low side and some noises from time to time.  i had a Samsung WEP200 too and had better quality than this one, and Samsung WEP200 is about half of the price of this.  then there is the usability issue too, sometimes i hear the phone ringing, and pushed the button to accept the call and it wouldn't connect right away, had to wait several seconds to establish the link, the Samsung WEP200 and another Motorola ear piece i had did not have this problem."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset was purchased to replace a Jabra BT8040.  The goal was to get a headset in which 1) people could hear me clearly and 2) I could hear them clearly.  After having this Plantronics headset for over a month, I am very pleased with the purchase so far.  With this headset, I have had no complaints that callers can't hear me or complaints of interference.  Also, I am able to hear the caller well.In researching buetooth headsets, I opted for this one based on the performance review and price point."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had 3 headsets already, and each one had something about it that I didn't like. I hesitated to buy this one, despite the great reviews, because I wanted one that didn't give me the 'telemarketer' look. Top things I was looking for were: sound quality, comfort, and battery life. This unit delivers on all 3 counts. It sounds fantastic, it's really comfortable (especially with the Jabra EarGels on the ear piece), and the battery lasts a long time. Looking back, this is the one that I should have bought in the first place. Recommended."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I admit, I was turned off at first by the size and shape, but was easily won over by the quality of the sound and the comfort. This is as good as bluetooth gets.The downsides are the rediculously small buttons for power and volume, which are almost unusable for most, but fine for me.Today I thought I lost my headset. I found it in a parking lot, ran over at least once, in the rain for at least 12 hours. 10 minutes under a hair drier and it was working again! I will buy another when the time comes."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Plantronics 510 is comfortable to wear for hours and doesn't feel like it will fall off your ear.  It mates easily to my Treo 650 and also to my Bluetooth-enable laptop, which makes it possible to use the laptop for VoIP calls.  Reception is good, volume is adequate and the people I talk with say that my voice is clear.  The controls are a bit stiff, as others have said.  But that means they have good tactile feedback -- you know when you've pressed a button.One marginal shortcoming: the 510's clarity isn't good enough for it to replace the wired Plantronics USB headset I use for dictating to Dragon Systems \"Naturally Speaking\" voice recognition software on the laptop.  But that would be a stretch for any wireless headset.Prices vary widely; shop around."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works fine. But I'm still not happy. This is my third/fourth Plantronics headset.This one  bought for dual pairing with my LT and my cell phone.(iPhone).It works fine with both.I am subtracting marks for the followinga) Changing charger designs. Third headset, none of the chargers are interchangeable, so I always get the AC charger, but have to buy the car chargerb) For iPhone, this works only for the phone. Music will not work. Now I am looking instead at the Plantronics 855 Stereo Headset - do handle both = phone/music and still do dual pairing with LT"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset is perfect in reception and transmission.- Ear piece & MicrophoneThe reception on the ear piece is clear and loud. The microphone works flawlessly to faithfully relay your voice to the receiving end without little or no distortion or muffles.- Bluetooth FunctionThe bluetooth provides rock-solid connectivity. I've never had problems with broken or sporadic connection problems.- FormThe ear piece is comfortable. It take some effort, however, to put on the headphone. It is a somewhat awkward maneuver that involves the use of both hands to pull the \"loop\" open so it can go around the back of your ear while simultaneously wrestling with the ear piece to direct it into your ear.The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset functions flawlessly. However, I found that the design of the headset makes it an inconvenience to put on. Apart from the flawed ergonomics, this headset is just about perfect - 4.5 Stars!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I waited to review this product to see if time would show it is no good, and it did not show me that.  This is the best blue tooth device i have ever seen or used and have already convinced 3 other people to switch.  The battery lasts for I would guess about 8 hrs of talk time and 2-3 weeks without a charge with me only using it a little each day.  The sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static. The only improvement that I can think of is to put a battery meeter to let you know how much power is left instead of it just dying on you.  I just try to charge it every 1-2 weeks now before it dies and it is great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great headset but for one thing. The voice call feature on my phone quit working when I upgraded from Windows Mobile 5 to 6. I called the phone manufactor, the cell phone company, and the headset company. None know what to do, only it is incompatable with Mobile 6. Mobile 6 does not use voice tags on selected contacts. It changes voice to digital and looks for what you said. It cannot change the voice from this headset to digital. It works great on answering, not calling with voice. It works great with calls that dial out also.So make sure your headset is compatable to Mobile 6 for voice calling. Of course this assumes that your phone can make voice calls.Again, it works with Mobile 5"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was the best Bluetooth I have owned because of performance and more importantly the fit. It was very comfortable on my ear and inside the ear, and I could keep it on for hours and not even remember it was there. Sound quality and features are excellent and worked as advertised. I have used with various phones. I used it every day for about 2 years until it started to break at the hinge. I used to just stuff it in my purse without a special case or protection, so I am not surprised it finally gave in. I see this product being sold for a lot of $$$ now, but I don't think I paid more than $40 for it. So it was a great deal and a great value. If I see it on sale again, I would buy it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is only my 2nd headset, and I much prefer it to the Motorola HS850.  It stays in your ear and has plenty of volume to overcome road noise in a car.  However, when my headset is on for extended periods, it sometimes experiences problems (will answer calls but not transfer them to the earpiece).  Turning headset off then on again fixes this problem.  Battery life and charge time seems excellent, but I don't have much to compare it to.  For those wanting to use it with your office phone also, the Plantronics bluetooth office phone adapter is EXPENSIVE ($200+ in Office Depot)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this due to the law changing to hands free in my state.  I am not a big fan of bluetooth but I saw the writing on the wall so I read the reviews and picked this one.  I am glad I did! This was very very simple to set up and charged very quickly.  It synced easily with my android phone.  I like that it comes with various sizes ear buds so you can get the right fit. It stays securely on my ear and I never feel like it is flapping or going to fall off.  When I make calls, the person I am calling says I sound like I am talking directly on the handset so I am pleased.  I have not tried any of the voice command features yet so I cannot comment on those. Overall, I am pleased and would definitely recommend this headset!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been able to carry conversations in my bedroom and bathroom while the phone itself sits in the living room!  The reception has been amazing.  I travel beyond 30 ft in different parts of my apartment and still get clear calls.  My friends can't tell that I'm on a BT headset.  In fact, they say it's clearer than if I were on a wired earpiece.  My problem with dropped calls has plummeted to almost nothing because I now position my phone in a decent area and talk wherever with this Plantronics BT.This is an ugly headset compared to others, but it works!  There's no point in having a cute BT if I can't use it.  I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Unfortunately, I purchased mine when it was $100 and have never been able to use it.  I didn't return it right away because I thought I would be able to read the directions that came with it and figure out how to unmute it, but have never been able to.  I can hear the other people, but they can't hear me.  No matter what I do, it won't unmute.  The buttons on it are very small and difficult to use when it's in your ear.  I finally got a different bluetooth that works just fine."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset is a replacement for a logitec I had used for years.  It is my second bluetooth and the fit is great.  It does not hurt the ear and stays in place very well.The noise canceling is not on par with the logitec, but I added a wind sock and it resolved most of the challenges.The audio is not as good as I would like and the controls are confusing to me.  I think the former because my current phone is a 1.1 and the latter because I am use to the logitec.All in all a good value for the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using mine for about a month and I like it.  The sound quality is high, both sending and receiving.  It came with three ear bud covers, the smallest of which is the best fit for me.  However, even that one is still a bit too large for me and I find that I occasionally need to readjust the ear piece during a conversation (otherwise I'd give this 5 stars).  I find that the controls are too small for my hands, and so I do not attempt to use them while wearing the headset.All in all it's an effective headset and an improvement over the Motorola H700 I had been using."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For several years I used a Logitech Bluetooth for my cell phone, and while it worked great, it was always uncomfortable. When it snapped in two, I decided on the Voyager 510! Wow, not only does it work great, but it is VERY, VERY COMFORTABLE! In fact, I can honestly say I actually forget that I am wearing it, something I cannot say about my previous device. So for all of you thinking of a headset, you cannot go wrong with this one! Five stars!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using this headset for about two weeks with a Blackberry 8700C. The headset has a very comfortable fit and the volume is nice and loud. The downside is that the battery life seems a bit sub-standard. I have been caught several times using it and running out of batteries. I also have some random disconnects with my Blackberry. Tough to say whether these disconnects are phone or headset related. I think this is a great value for the money though and prefer it over the Motorola's and Jabra's (better fit, louder sound). There is some difficulty pressing the buttons on this headset too - nothing that I could not work around though."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For a few years I have been with verizon .My last phone was the Motorola e815 .Recently I retired and didn't need all the mins I got on the $39 plan(with taxes came to $44)  pro: I bought the razr v3 on ebay and transfered over to T-Mobile prepaid.the phone works just great and through my Parrot 3200ls handsfree sounds just great.con:When I went to program speed dialing .Boy was I disappointed .First it would only allow 20 voice tags .Then I had to record each individual tag for voice recognition My e815 allowed me to use unlimited voicetags and I didn't have to record my voice on each number,anyones voice would work using any name in my phone book .The Razr is supposed to be an improvement ,which it's not .The Motorola e815 was the best phone I ever owned ,and now Motorola screwed it up .Whats the point of using bluetooth handsfree dialing when you have to scroll down to a name to dial,taking your hands off the wheel  .Wake up Motorola ,Thats stupid ."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I thought to come write this review because it is the 2 year anniversary of me buying this phone. I have never had any protective cover or case on it and it is still not very scratched up and it works as perfectly as when I got it. I had to replace the battery at 18 months but it cost $10 with shipping online for a genuine Motorola battery. Every other cell phone I have had has broken in some way long before 2 years. I'm amazed it is still in such great cosmetic and mechanical shape. No reason for me to get a new phone anytime soon."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my fourth consecutive Motorola phone. I've owned a Timeport, v66, and v600. The Timeport was simply terrible. The v66 was a little better, but the Motorola menu had to be the worst of any phone I had ever used. My v600 was a very pleasant surprise. My sleek and functional RAZR is the best phone that I have owned. I really like the large crisp screen. The tiny external screen is a great addition. After three weeks of fairly heavy use, I haven't had any problems. The RAZR has pretty good talk time, but I'm not certain whether or not one can really get the 7 hours claimed by Motorola. The feature that I really like and appreciate is the abilit to charge my phone with a standard USB cable. It's nice not having to carry around an extra charger when I'm already lugging around my laptop and its power supply."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Searched for \"droid 3 chargers\" when making my purchase. This was the first product to pop up, had decent reviews, and was cheap. I purchased 3. The product arrived on time. HOWEVER this product does NOT fit our droid 3 phones. I contacted customer service over the course of 9 times. No results in replacement, return or refund. Contactd by phone and w/in the first 2 min of the convo the F-bomb was dropped twice. Very offensive and unprofessional. Needles to say, I have 3 chargers that dont fit any of my phones. Anyone wanna trade?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered this charger as a travel companion, so I didn't always have to pack my original charger.  It's been wonderful having one I can just leave at home and one that travels with me.  I've had no problems with this charger at all.  Be aware that this is a MINI-USB connector, and while it will charge my newer smart phones, it requires a Mini to Micro -USB adapter... and is not as fast as the new chargers. But it does just fine for an over-night charging from less than 10% to fully-charged."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "As other people have said, the headphones are a bit too heavy on the ears.  After 3 weeks the crack in the headband started, after 2 months the crack is so big the headphones stopped working.  I will try returning them for a replacement but I don't see why, as the design just isn't very smart with the headband cracking in the only place that is under stress.  They should have reinforced that one spot.It's a shame as the sound was really top notch and I used to be able to connect them to my ipod and leave it in my bag, or connect to my PC via 'bluetooth advanced audio' and not disturb my wife while I'm killing  zombies in Half-Life 2."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I agree with the other poster. Why blame the phone because you broke the screen. Is the monitor at home bad because you dropped it off the table. The phone is the best smart phone out there. People have had issues with resets, but that is more of a conflict with the many apps that you can load on it and usually can be solved. I love this phone. Also...do not rate 1 star and then say the phone is good, but verizon is bad. That is unfair since it lowers the over all rating. Ignore the guy who broke his phone...this is a very good phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just purchased the Treo 650 with AllTel (not specified here on Amazon) and have loved it.  It took me a couple days to get used to the feel of the bulkier PDA phone compared to my smaller LG, but once I got into it, I love it.  The only complaints I would have are that it does not come with a docking station (must be purchased separately) and the only way to make it a \"great\" phone from a \"good\" phone is to add close to $100 worth of various 3rd party software.  While it's a lot of money to bring it up to speed, the flexibility and having options are nice.  Nothing's perfect, but so far, so good (and AllTel has a 30day money back guarantee or exchange deal, so nothing's lost here)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Just received it today from A1 Accessories.  I bought it solely to use on xbox live so I wouldn't have to keep moving my other headset that I use for work (I work at home).  My friends kept asking me to repeat myself.  One said that he had to turn down his tv volume so he could hear me (no lie).  I switched back to the other headset and I was back to crystal clarity.  After that, I threw this one in the trash.. Good thing it only cost me $5 or so."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bottom line: can't use because the volume of my voice is too low for people to easily hear.  Bought off of ebay after my c200 cord was cut.  The c200 worked well, but this c250 with the longer \"boom\" mic extension was not as loud.  Jabra headsets are very comfortable and easy to wear all day.  Reasonably easy to put on with one hand once you get the hang of it.  I am not sure if my problem was unusual, but these corded headsets seem to be hit or miss.  I have had other brands where the sound quality is not very good or too low.I will just reorder another c200 and take my chances with that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had the worry that the headset would not work with my SamsungT619, since the latter is not on the compatibility list. On the other hand, I've heard that all bluetooth devices with same standard (i.e. version 1.2) should have no compatibility problem. It turned out to be absolutely smooth when connecting to my Samsung. The headset can flash and even vibrate when call's coming.The headset is amazingly light weight. You can't even imagine a lithium battery is sitting in such a leather-weight body that can hold on for 7 hours' talking.I spent $10 on this headset and couldn't be more happy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset fits so comfortably on my ear and I especially like that I can use either ear. I can hear so much better with the Jabra than the expensive Motorola headset I had that was always falling off my ear.  In fact I was using the Motorola talking with my son, in a lot of pain and needing help.  When I turned my head, it fell off and out of reach.  My son called an ambulance when he could no longer hear me. My elderly Mom says she can hear me better on this headset too.Spring 2007 and this item stopped working.  I'm irritated that it didn't last longer."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I hate this phone...I was drawn to it by it's appearance and size but what a horrible dissapointment.  I had to get motorola mobile tools and 'hack' the volume so I could hear it - the loudest default setting is just too low. The display is impossible to see outside in bright light, I detest it that it has such a poor means of displaying missed calls, if the same caller has attempted to reach you multiple times, it displays the last call time only. I just returned this phone for a replacement because of dust under the display screen, I was told that it is a 'known' issue, but that my replacement phones warranty will expire this month at the same time as the original that I purchased."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I personally think the Black Edition RAZR phone looks really cool, better than the regular silver version.  The phone is otherwise identical to its silver twin... but, really, it just looks so cool -- and you'll differentiate yourself from The Crowd.The phone is very capable and packed with features.  Unlike some high-end Moto phones from a year or two back, this one works very well and has a decent interface.  Everyone I know who has this phone simply loves it.[...]"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am one to always have and use a lot of features. I like the Razr and would recommend it. Positives: light weight, small size, speaker phone works well, display is easy to see, voice dial is accurate, bluetooth, and it is great conversation piece. Negatives: Speakers (normal and speaker) not as clear sounding as my Nokia 6600, no IR port, has a USB port but not software to use it - even for charging the phone, battery life a little short, video recording time way too short, difficult to find a name in the address book (a lot of keystrokes!)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This retractable cable is perfect for connecting ipods, phones, mp3 players, etc to the AUX input on a car. My middle console in the car tends to get super cluttered, so to have a cable which doesn't get tied into knots and make a mess is a huge plus.The sound quality so far as I can discern is great with this cable.The retractor mechanism can tend to get stuck, but has always quickly snapped back into place after I jiggle it for a second.The cable is only 3 feet long, which is perfect for me, but depending on where your AUX input is may not be sufficient, so be aware of what you are buying."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Holy mackerel, these things are awesome! Stows so very conveniently away and works very intelligently, locking in place wherever decide to stop it, rolling back up with just a tug. Have only had a couple of times where it decided to tangle up a touch when recoiling, but with almost no effort was able to pull back out and start over, coiling up properly like does all the other times. Buy a handful and have 'em in car, at computer, stereo - they're so inexpensive but so awesome!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This thing is tiny & lightweight and works really well in a vehicle where you don't want long cables hanging around (especially if you drive a manual shift car).That being said, I have had two of these. I used them daily, and they each lasted about 4-6 months, and then they stopped working. The cables are very thin and I think they just wear out after a while. For the price & convenience, it's not a bad trade-off. I would have given it 3.5 stars if I'd had the option.I decided against ordering a third and opted for something non-retractable but hopefully more sturdy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have to say, this was a shockingly good experience. I have had mine almost a year when I lost it. I found it the following afternoon, in the parking lot at work. It spent a day and a night on the ground in the rain and even got either stepped on or driven over, as the earhook was broken off. The unit still worked! It would wedge into my ear and I could still use it very easily-albeit uncomfortably. Why not 5 stars? Because the ear hook pivot/swivel loosened with use to point where it would fall out of my ear. I replaced with a 350 due to budget, I wanted to get a 655 but we'll see how this does."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this headset to use with my cell phone.  As it turns out I use it with my computer and love them.  They  are easy to use, long battery lfe and sound great.  They may be a bit uncomfortable or odd because of the back of the head design but all headphones have some kind of pressure due to the design.  The only time I notice their presure is when I wear them for a few hours.  Short term no problems.  By the way, I wear glasses so that may be the culprit.I'd buy them again."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Before I have this product, I have ordinary earphones for my Moto680 cellphone which has stero radio, also I have other moto blue tooth earphone, but this one is good, long time power supply but it is more heavier than the single ear bluetooth.Volumn control is good, loud enough. single ear BT is out of control some times, you may hear nothing when you walking on the busy street or windy days. This one give you all availability.drawback: 1. when phone call comes in, you will wait for longer time than single ear BT. 2. the size is big, can not put in your regualr pocket. 3. the pad easily drops, you may lose one of the two very soon. I used glue.Anyway, it is good one, you can talk to 2 hours meeting several times with one time full recharging.I love it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I paired it with my computer and cell phone at the same time, both for accepting audio streams. Pairing needs some trail but finally I can bond them. The pairing and re-pairing to my phone maybe because I have a ZN5.The quality and ease of use is very good. However, I have to get use to its behind of neck design. It is also a bit heavy and painful if you don't wear it correctly. The problem is that if you don't use it for a while, you have to take it off, or the narrow collar will squeeze the neck very uncomfortably.Recommended for ease of use, sound quality."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Durable.  Sounds great.  Mic provides good sound for those on the other endof the connection.  I like the wrap-around fit (walkman-style headphones look dorky - wrap around is better).  Although.. after 30 minutes the tips of my ears can become sore which I am learning to cope with.  I use it with Motorola L2 cell phone and Anycom 250 USB dongle for Skype.  This is the one to get.  I had a competing Plantronics product -- in fact two of them -- but they both broke in the same place due to the use of plastic in high-stress areas.  The Motorola design is much smarter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset for my wife for her to use with a Samsung A900 (\"the blade\").  The earpiece is extremely small and comfortable and the battery life is long enough for her to talk on it over an hour each day.  She charges it each night.  The sound through this headset has a typical \"bluetooth tinny\" aspect that overly compressed digital sound has but it is in-line with what I've observed on other bluetooth headsets.The number of adapters and the clever battery-powered charger attachment help this headset stand out from the crowd.Setup is a breeze and it is very easy to use.  She is not a technophile but she loves her handsfree Plantronics 640!The unit would be 5 stars if the sound quality were better.  I also wish it had multipoint like the 5xx-series from Plantronics."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the \"in the ear\" approach. It's extremely comfortable. You have several options as far as finding a comfortable fit. It comes with a portable charger, which is a prelude to things to come.I could hear any caller without problems but in noisy environments they couldn't hear me. In a quite environment it worked very well. The battery is terrible. Their listing is \"up to 3 hours\". There's no way you can get that much talk time out of this. I heard allot of static. I couldn't wear my phone in the holster because of that.I'm a frequent business traveler and it doesn't work well for my needs. However, it does have some positive traits. The main two problems are extraneous noise problem and poor battery life. So if you're not in a loud area or heavy user it's a great headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I read the reviews here and other sites and bought this headset, my first bluetooth headset for my samsung 870 phone. Came with a lot of adapter accessories for different phone chargers except the samsung models. So that was all useless to me. Nice silver case which looked good but also useless to me since I'm not going to carry an extra box around when I'm trying to simplify.ProsPairing was a breeze.Sound quality excellent with the windows of your car closed.no real complaints.ConsWith the windows of your car down it was hard for the caller on the other end to hear you, or the radio on for that matter.I could really never find a comfortable fit for my ear so guess what happened,The day we bought a 6ft Christmas tree I lost it....... fell out of my ear for the first time in public and now all I'm left with is a shiny silver case and a bunch of junk"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best headset for truckers. The back ground noise can not be heard from caller. The ear pices is just the right volume. the Mice takes some use to it. When you talk, you talk in a normal voice. and don't have to speak up to be heard. If you put the mice at your mouth, it will distort the sound. The best place just below your lower lip. The paring has to be done every time to turn the headset on. Will not automatic paring at turn on. Good thing its easy do to.The charge time is great and really holds the charge in stand-by and talk time. the only thing I don't like its heavy and sometimes the mice gets caught on the shoulder strap, when looking side to side."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I drive a truck and found out how hard is finding a good bluetooth headset. Many I have tried worked fine, but the biggest problem was that other party could not hear me (because of engine noise). When I accidentally found this one I gave it a try. And it is awesome. People think that I am talking straight to my phone. Call quality in my opinion is even better when I use this headset.PROS:- perfect voice quality- battery lasts long- noise cancelling microphone makes others to hear you- solidCONS:- bulky- expensive (but worth this money)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I,M A TRUCK DRIVER AND THIS HEADSET IS PERFECT FOR USE IN TRUCKS, MY FRIENDS TURNED ME ON TO THIS MODEL. I USED OTHERS THAT SAID THEY WERE NOISE CANCELLING AND THEY DID A NICE JOB IN MY CAR BUT SOON AS I USED THEM IN MY TRUCK NO ONE COULD UNDERSTAND ME. THE BLUE PARROT HAS A NICE QUIET SOUND TO IT, EVERYONE SAYS I SOUND GOOD ALSO WITH THE THE CUP EARPIECE I HAVE TO TURN THE VOLUME DOWN OR IT BLOWS ME OUT SO YOU HEAR VERY WELL WITH IT. THE ONLY THING I HAVE EVER HEARD CLOSE TO THIS WAS THE PLANTRONICS 510 BUT THE EARPIECE WAS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THIS"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm on my third z520a in the six months I've owned it.  The only reason I haven't gone through more is that I've accepted this phone is a lemon.  The phone freezes and can't be shut off, requiring removal of the battery to reset, frequently drops calls, doesn't always let me place calls, and just plain does weird things that result in an unreliable and frustrating call experience.  What is even more annoying is that I purchased expensive, model-specific accessories that will become useless paperweights when I replace this with a new phone - a phone I will be out additional hundreds on, not to mention the cost of accessories.  I'll never buy another Sony Ericsson product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Almost nailed it with this one, Bracketron. First, the good: the mount is solid, it stays stuck to the glass, and the flexible arm bit is VERY stiff and hard to adjust but really stays put once you have it where you want it. Now, the not so great: the flexible arm seems to vibrate quite a bit while you drive, and the expanding bracket does not work as well as promised. In fact, the button on the side only seems to open the bracket if you have it rotated 90 degrees to the left (as in landscape, with the button pointing up). I took it apart and realized that this is because there is an assortment of rather cheap gears which rely on gravity to allow the button to only work in one direction. I much prefer my Grip Go, but if you need a longer mount and/or one with a bracket then this one isnt bad for the price, just not perfect."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great idea and design, not great execution and materials.It works good, but once mounted, almost impossible to adjust-out the sides with the ratcheting mechanism. You sort of have to tilt it backwards to make the ratchet action work. When mounted, you can't tilt it, so it's a real hassle to open.I have mine set, and I just wedge the phone into it when I want to use it.I primarily use it when driving through New York city, to use my phone as a dash-cam. Eventually I'd like to get video of the people that walk into my car or cyclists that ride into it... It's great for that.It's obvious the plastic or construction material allows it to fall out of tolerance, which means the ratchet action ceases to function. It's a crapshoot when you build a complex mechanism out of parts that break or wear easy, or aren't built to spec in the first place."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We bought the Plantronics CS-55 Wireless Headset over three years ago for use in our small business and it was one of the best purchases we have made. My wife asked me to get her wireless headset that she \"wouldn't have to mess with\" so I selected this one since it is what my company uses (a Fortune 500) in it's call centers. Here are my observations:+ Good Range; the unit covers all of our fairly large shop+ Easy to Setup; just follow the simple instructions and go+ Easy to Use; simple as picking up the phone and turning on the headset (we addedPlantronics HL10 Handset Lifterto make it even easier)+ Great Sound Quality; we never had any static issues, even in our heavily wireless environment- Heavy; not absurdly so, but takes some getting used toThis headset gets used just about everyday that our shop is open and it has never given us any problems. It has passed the test of time with flying colors!Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First, the White Screen of Death Issue.  I had 3 units til instead of returning tp Cingular.  I sent it back to SONY.  NO more problems.  They flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine.  The WOD will seem to occur after you disconnect after a file transfer.  However, wait 20 seconds and the phone reboots.Pro: Loud and easy to hear from.Con:  Buttons and keypad is hard to get use to.Pro:  The camera is fine for a phone cam.Con: Battery drain is bad, when you play the MP3 player."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This phone has grown on me.  At first I wasn't sure I needed all this stuff, it felt a bit heavy, I was unsure of the swivel design, and I felt guilty for buying such an expensive phone.  But now I know I'd buy it again.  It's still a little heavy (compared to the Razr, which was my other choice) but the reception is great, it has lots of functions, and the interface is easy to navigate.  Best of all, the speaker phone function is one of the best I've ever heard.  It's loud and clear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Galaxy S3 is a great phone, but its finish is very slippery, and the phone is too easy to drop. This case solves that problem inexpensively, and without adding a lot of bulk. The volume and power keys are harder to operate than without the case, though. That's a good thing for the power button, as it prevents accidental power-ons. It's not as good for the volume control, though. But it's well worth the price.Note that in order to get the holes to line up right, I had to put the volume control side of the phone in the case first, then stretch the case over the power button side of the phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The weight is nice and balance on the year is good.  The features are good, but one must remember certain button combinations for extended features (like press two buttons at the same time to mute the microphone).  The battery life is good.  A significant issue is that it picks up surrounding noise better than the person's voice who is taking, which means that it often can't be used.  If you don't drive a very quiet car, like a BMW or Mercedes, then users may complain that they can't hear you and ask you to \"pick up the phone.\""}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this bluetooth as a gift for a family member's Sony Ericsson cell phone.  We had to play around with it at first to get it working properly.  She still has minor issues with the headset, but overall she likes it.We decided not to return the headset because I did pair it with my iPhone 3G, after three attempts, without using the passcode.  I was able to use most features easily, with clear reception.  So the earpiece isn't defective.  The price was to good as well.Buyer beware, and do the research on the pairing capibilities with your electronic device and this bluetooth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had my H700 for almost a year now, and not until recently did I learn it was a FAKE!  WOAH!  After reading the PDF on this page about how to spot a fake, I quickly learned the one I picked up on eBay was a fake.However, the headset has worked VERY well.  I compared it to a bluespoon AX7 in-ear headset, and I ended up keeping my fake H700.  Overall, it has been a very good copy, although not the real thing.  Very reliable.  However, I am still disappointed that I did not get the real headset.Is there anything I can do about this?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I previously owned an H300 and was impressed with the quality for the price.  When I lost the H300 I decided to try the H700.  I was most interested in the improved sound quality and the fit around the ear.  In those two areas the H700 is definitely an improvement over the H300.  I did not use the voice activated commands, so I cannot speak to that, but I do see where that could be useful.Overall I do see the H700 as an improvement over the H300.  My only problem with it, which is why I did not give it 5 stars, was the Bluetooth drop out.  It seems that the Bluetooth on the H700 drops out more often than the H300.  I would say that it drops out on 1 in every 20 calls."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really wanted this to work.  It's a great design and it's easy to use and set up.  Sound quality listening is great.  Sound quality speaking, for others to hear, was unacceptable.  This could be because of the way it fits me, since this seems to work well for many others.  If you try this out, however, it's very important to check that others actually hear you well, and not, as in my experience, too loudly and with too much low end on the sound quality.  I'm returning it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had the 850 and thought that it was decent but could be better so I bought the 700. Let me just say that I own the Motorola V330 and from reading the other reviews, it seems that this headset works best with the razr. That being said, it does not work well with the v330. If you move more than 4 feet away from your phone, you get a ton of static. People tell me that I sound muffled when I'm talking to them. My advice is to only get this if you have the razr otherwise forget it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When it comes to headsets, the sound quality is the bottom line for me. I'm sorry to say that this one doesn't have it. I found the function excellent and especially liked the folding boom mike. I find it easier to use the folding boom to turn it on/off when dropping it in a pocket rather than using a button like on most other models. The big issue for me was the muffled sound, both for me and the caller. The other problem is that in a noisy environment holding a conversation became a real problem. I have tested 8 different headsets by pairing two of them at a time, putting one in each ear, and switching between them during a call. This lets me and the caller make a reasonable comparison of sound quality. Only one of the other 7 I tested did worse. (I also tested the Motorola HS850 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one.)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Love the battery life, look and size, but have found the sound inferior to my  bottom-of-the-line HS 805.  Frequent static.And then the topper--whenever it is on, the blue light on the side blinks.  The instructions say that this stops after five minutes, or that it can be disabled by holding the two volume buttons.  Both are lies.  Maybe some twenty-something year old designer thought it was way cool to walk around with a big blinking LED on the side of your head, but I can't use this in a business setting.  It's going back."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a replacement for a prior Motorola bluetooth headset of very similar design. I was quite pleased with the old one, until after about 2 years when it just died. That was 2 years of daily service, so not an issue. But this new one has issues holding pairing with a Blackberry 8700G, and has significant voice static unless the Blackberry is on the same side of my body as the headset, and not in the holster. The old one didn't have that problem.On the positive side, the USB mini charger saves me one more power adaptor when traveling, which is a good thing. They should all have that feature."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "a lovely Bluetooth headset design to fit most bluetooth enabled phones does the job as requiredperfect function and great quality call sound and microphone is extra ordinaryGreat Great GreatGreat QualityGreat SoundGreat microphoneGreat JobGreat Pricethis bluetooh was a must to find i searched all over the globe but did not  reach out finally amazon went back in stock with this the seller of this one was  great and of course the deviceit functions well and is absolutely a breakthrough keeps a charge long leather end for comfortabilty and fashioneasy use easy pair easy happy product defentily recomandedi got this and this works wellwhy take the Plantronics v510s or something similar they all have a similar look while this is exactly a third price and functions same great?!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "However I just did not enjoy the size of this behind the ear unit, found it to be too big. It is a little difficult at first learning how to slip this around your ear but after awhile it works out ok. Please note that you do not get to use your selected ring tone, it automaticly (Motorola hand set) defaults to its standard ring while the blue tooth is actively connected. You can turn the ear piece off then power on to answer in order to keep your fav ring tone. All in all it works very well, sound and loundness were very good. However, I just did not like the size of this unit. It is quite bulky.EDITJust picked up a HS850, now that is more to my liking, however I hope there will be no issues of a broken wire in the flip boom as the reviewer above mentioned."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I got it I was a little scared. It was my 1st bluetooth and it looked like something straight out of Star Trek. You have to be a little careful with the twisting earpiece since it's in a sliding ball inside and can slip out of the groove very easily if you change ears too much(which mine did on day three). The range is not as far as you would like it to be, but boy can it hold a charge. It'll outlast your cellphone battery everytime! And, the fit was pretty comfy behind the ear. The buttons are also very easy to use. Remember to speak up though...people tend to have a problem hearing you as well as you will be hearing them."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love the size, form factor, and usability of this headset.  Incoming sound is good.  Unfortunately, the outgoing sound is a deal breaker.  If there is any background noise, this headset will pick it up and transmit it just as loud as your voice.  The DSP helps a little, but affects the sound quality dramatically (think overcompressed MP3).  I am an attorney and need to talk to clients; I need to sound professional.  Unfortunately, this $100 headset does not match the sound quality of a $25 wired headset with a boom mic.  I am trying to modify mine by rewiring it with a boom mic from an [...] headset, but so far I have not gotten it to work.  I am willing, though, to risk destroying the JX10 in order to have a chance at better outgoing sound."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm very happy with my Jabra JX10 headset.  My treo 650 is very finicky but it works pretty well with the Jabra.  The Jabra JX10 is amazingly small and most people can't even tell I'm on a wireless headset (which is really amazing because everybody knows when my wife is on her Plantronics 640).Also, I have a car with a convertible top and I can still hear people fine when using this headset- it's quite loud.P.S.  I upgraded to a Treo 755p in the summer of 2007 and it continued to work great - range and sound quality were even better with the Treo 755p."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was tasked by my office manager to purchase some headsets to make our office calls easier.  I looked at corded headsets, cordless, and a variety of brands, but this unit kept coming up with high praises.The clarity is great, and it has a variety of volume (macro and micro) for both the mic and earpiece.  It works seamlessly with any phone system and has a multitude of connection options.  The range allows us to go to the end of our warehouse to look at stock while talking with the customer.  Not to mention that if I'm not at my desk and the phone rings, I don't have to rush back.  I can use both my hands to look up quotes, and stock while I'm on the phone without craning my neck.  Their are earpieces and over the head options.  Not to mention the battery life lasts all day as long as you plug it in at night.Great product!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My old Plantronics headset needed to be replaced and I went with this one.  It is much more sturdy, with the headset resting very comfortably in the charging unit.  My old one would 'float' once in a while and not charge when I thought it was, which meant I couldn't use it the next day until it charged for a while.  Not so with this unit.I had a behind the head band I use which for me is very comfortable and I can quickly take the headset off and it rests on my shoulders.  Sound quality is excellent.  I have not had any complaints on the other end either.Highly recommend this product for anyone needing versatility and walking around from the base unit.  I can easily get files from across the room or do other things while talking without missing a beat."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am extremely happy with both the sound quality and the range from base on this set.  The freedom of not being wired to the phone & headset base it great.  My only complaint is that the \"over the ear\" pieces are very hard & uncomfortable -- there are several sizes but after a couple of hours, all earpieces are terribly uncomfortable (and I am someone that has worn over the ear headsets for 10+ years).  I finally switched to the \"over the head\"  attachment, which has a nice, padded earpiece and it solved the problem.  I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.  I would have given this 5 stars if they had figured out how to make a comfortable earpiece."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had these for a while and liked them.  If I wear them for more than 30 minutes, the top of my ears against my head hurt.  I was willing to put up with that because I liked the wireless aspect, and they sounded good.  The ear cushion is great, it's just the weight pushing the rubber shark fin piece against your ears that hurts after a while.Recently I laid them down at work over the weekend.  I guess I laid them down incorrectly, because they are now misshapen.  Once that happens, you are out of luck.  They will no longer fit against your ears.So they sound great, but no longer fit.  I think the ear pieces are just too heavy and it relies on the plastic head/neck band piece to maintain an exact shape.Anyway, I am disappointed and will not buy this model again."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm using this product past 5 months and its b'ful and awesome sound quality. I didn't found any issue with this product. Easy to configure and connect. It works with my Sony Erricson W580i Walkman phone as well as my laptop. Sound quality and beats are very good. Distortion only if u move your head 90% on left, but ignorable. Its not bulky and fit easily. Its in build mic is good. While playing a music if call comes u can atend it with this headset. It has its own volume adjustment. Overall, a good peace which makes me fully satisfied. I got what i was looking for. no wire hassle now."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought these to pair with my Samsung P2 music/video player. The pairing was easy and all of the features work well with the P2 except I can not change the equalizer settings on the P2 when paired and P2 does not support FM radio with Bluetooth.The sound quality is very good (not too much bass) and great for a wireless headset but not in the league of the Shure earbuds that I have or the Bose Quiet Comfort 1 (both which cost significantly more than the Jabra). Listening to music or watching videos in places where wires are problematical --- as well as those who exercise with a music player --- these an easy buy, espcically at the price of $38+ dollars.I don't use these with my cell phone as I use a Jawbone for my cell. For some reason the Jabra paired with my computer but I am not sure why I can not get sound. Dell's Bluetooth module has always been problematical, so I will assume it is the computer and not the Jabra."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had this phone for two months now and it is the best one I have owned,I have had three razr's and many other so called cutting edge phones even the V3i and none are as good as this,as for the pebl it is simple to open unless you are a butter fingered fool,and as for the finish wearing off on the keypad well mine is just fine.The phone is made better than the flimsey Razr is,you want a quality phone that works as well as it looks get this phone,you want cheap made buy something else."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Given the other reviews here, decided that getting two batteries would be smart due to the freshness issue, in case the first one didn't last as long.  (My original battery was worn out.)  It's been a couple months now and the first battery is still going strong where before I needed to have the charger with me to finish my calls.  Price was a major factor here compared to retail and I wanted to wait a few months before considering a new phone.  The much lower price made this plan easier, giving me plenty of time to consider the next generation of Razr.  And if these batteries quickly died in the short-term then I didn't lose that much in the deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The batteries were exactly as advertised, they were delivered in a normal timeframe, there were no issues or hiccups or drama with the vendor.  It was \"slam, bam, thank you, sirs or madams.\"  Battery life is really subjective as everyone's \"normal\" is different.  But life is definitely restored compared to my original 2 year old battery.  My experience is use of Bluetooth really drains batteries quickly.  But that's a Bluetooth issue that goes away if you don't use Bluetooth.  I have no complaints at all with this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Don't get me wrong the H3 looks good and sleek but it gives too much feed back. What I mean by that is that when your on the phone, the other party hears an echo.  This happend on all the calls. The only thing that kept me from returning it was that I lost the receipt and i threw away the box!  I don't recomend wasting your money on this. One you may try that has worked for me is the H500.  Cheap looks ok and best of all, it works!!!!  Oh yeah my Razor had a hard time linking to the H3."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this direct from Amazon, and their \"unlocked\" phone is technically unlocked, but it has Cingular-branded firmware.For anyone not familiar with that, \"branded\" is a euphemism for \"hacked up by the carrier to remove features and replace useful menu options with links to buy stuff.\"  I guess \"branded\" is shorter than saying all that.This is not a \"clean\" L7.  You may as well buy an unlocked Cingular phone from ebay.I have not yet checked all features to see what has been removed from this phone, although I immediately notice that even signed Java applications require constant \"permission\", while an unbranded phone would accept the Verisign certificate."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I spent a good bit of time reading Amazon reviews about Treo cases. Most of the cases had very mixed reviews. My Palm One Treo 700/650 Pouch Leather Case is stylish with a nice soft leather. At first my Treo moved around a little in the case. This little movement was not very noticable or bothersome. After I remembered the little pocket inside the case, I put 4 business cards inside. These were just enough to keep my Treo from moving. Actually the pocket can't really hold more than 4 or 5 business cards without making it difficult to close the Treo in the case. I really like the magnetic flap. It's easy to open and close. Finally the belt clip holds securely on my belt."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The only thing that I can add to the the reviews already posted on this device is my own experiences - we ordered 2 of the 'bulk packaged' bundles which include the headset and the charger.Positives:- No earbud going into the ear - this is a BIG positive because I can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.- Quick charging.- Easy to pair - in my case with a Razr and a Blackberry.- Easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.- Pretty good instructions.Negatives:- My wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.- Being as small as it is, perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included.At this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've paired mine with a Razr V3 black and a Razr V3i without any issues. The sound is perfect, no static or other interference. Callers on the other end can hear me clearly and vice versa. This is very lightweight and portable and I cannot recommend this enough!The only thing I want to mention is that when I purchased this a while back, the getting started guide was outdated and gave me an older sequence of steps for pairing the device, so it was frustrating in the beginning until I realized that the instructions were wrong. I went online to Motorola and got the proper set of instructions, and voila, perfect!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Took this to Hawaii so I could keep my stuff safe while in the water.  It would only fit either my cell phone or my camera, not both (plus some cash, credit cards, keys, coins, etc). My cell phone is small (smaller than iphone), and normal size point-and-shoot camera.  The strap is very uncomfortable though when u go underwater (for a long time, like snorkeling)... the whole thing spins and squeezes your wrist...and it hurts. Other than that, it kept everything dry the whole time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this product for a dive trip to Fiji. While in Fiji I decided to take a kayak out with my camera inside this 'waterproof' case. The case was sitting between my legs and during the trip out it slid into some water. The water was maybe 2&#34; deep. It didn't even completely submerge the case. Once I was out a ways I wanted to take a picture of the resort. When I lifted the case I knew there was an issue right away when water came pouring out.My camera was ruined on the 2nd day of my 10-day vacation. There is no place to find another camera. I would have been better off putting the camera in my pocket than this case.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like my phone i got it the first day it came out and when i got it i mean it takes some getting use to but I like the features, the camera, the phone is ok not wow, love the keyboard, and i really like my windows media player on it and all the things you can do. I don't know what most people were expecting but i think my expection of the phone is what i expected....Until someone finds the perfect phone that has no problems, have everything you ever wanted, absolutely no issue with it and it does every possible thing, then you let me know but for now this phone is ok/good"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this headset.  It's lightweight, easy to adjust for right or left ear, with clear sound on both talk and listen.  This headset sounds great when talking, unlike others that sound faint to the listener.  It's very clear to listen with, and comfortable due to it's lightweight design so one can leave it on for hours.  To switch ears, you simply pivot the ear bud and voila, it fits the other ear.  It has a mute and volume control, but I never use them since my phone has a mute button on it and the volume is adjusted the way I like it.I really like this headset and would buy again if I lost it.Plantronics MX505-X1 Windsmart Boom Headset with 2.5mm Plug (Black and Gray)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had a few of these (broke them, totally my fault) and I use them with the adapter for my Android phone. I am very sensitive about clients and calls with press people hearing me clearly, easily and consistently. I take this headset and the sister 3-in-1 version any day over several bluetooth headsets I have purchased over the years. I know its an older product, but it works extremely well. If they made them out of Titanium, I would buy it at almost any price because I have trashed (again, my fault, dog ate one, I crushed the other) two of them. Thankfully they are inexpensive."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "If you have a child who you want to carry a cell phone, but don't want to pay lots of money for all of the extras (or if you yourself just want a \"basic\" phone), this is a good value for the money.  Large screen displays numbers very clearly.  Sound quality is good.  Battery life is a little short and the phone cannot be used while it is charging (that's a pretty big negative, IMO).  But overall, this is a good starter phone and serves the purpose.  If you just want a dependable phone to carry with you in case of emergencies, this phone fits the bill nicely."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this phone because I was sick of Sprint's contracts. It has been great for the following reasons:- cheap ($13)- superb coverage: I travel coast to coast and even get service in the backwoods of rural Alabama (Costa Rica too)- battery lasts and lasts (and lasts)- easy to useAll I wanted was a phone that worked.  After previously owning the $700 mini-computer type phone I was ready to kick 'em all to the curb but this has been great.  If you're tired of the high charges and contract hassles, give this a try.  I spent $100 on 1200 minutes and a year's worth of service.The only caveat to this service is that you get dinged for an entire minute even if you only used 2 seconds of it.  But with all the other good stuff that it does have, that little detail doesn't bother me a bit!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Beware Tracfone. I regret that Amazon won't let me give them 0 stars. We got this phone for my wife's aunt last December. After 1 year of trying to get this working, she still cannot receive calls. She can call out, but no one can call her. Tracfone support is useless (and generally only marginally speaks English). You also cannot manage the phone or minutes on line. You have to call in and give them about 60 digits that the phone shows you to do almost anything. We're letting this one die with over 400 units left on it because it is basically useless. Coverage isn't good either, but who cares if you can't receive calls anyway? There has got to be a better option, because I doubt there are many worse ones."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this thing for years now, and use it all the time. At one point I went to plug my USB cord in without looking and totally smashed the internal stuff up inside the top! I thought it was broken, however after finding something small to push the innerds back down to where the cord would once again fit inside, it's worked just fine. Never cuts out or anything. I still have to be careful, otherwise I'll push the internal casing back upwards - I'm sure I broke some little stabilizer - but I can get it back down easily. I'm impressed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "While fishing I'd used an identical but &#34;brand name&#34; dry pak that was loaned by a friend. The Kwik Tek is, as I said identical, but a good bit cheaper. Waterproof and mudproof protection for my iPhone that I've used fishing and working outside in damp, muddy conditions. Some padding provides additional protection from drops and bumps. Should float with most devices, especially if you leave some air inside. Except for the camera, phone and apps are fully functional although I prefer to remove it for talking. Lanyard provides a bit of extra security that I haven't yet needed but will when kayaking. Between uses to assure inside is totally dry, it is a good idea to prop open to air or drop in one of those silica packs. Guess you could get some protection from a baggie, but at this low price the Kwik Tek is cheap insurance for your phone and priceless data."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "With buying a $400 cell phone out of pocket I wasn't going to take any chances on it.  This pouch saved my phone's life!  I attached the pouch to my mountain bike with large rubberized bands (made for the purpose) that stretch and wrap around the bars and have loops on the end to stretch around the phone.I unexpectedly sank and tipped over in a small stream my phone and bike became caked in mud.  I washed off the case in a river and my phone was just fine on the inside.  This pouch has become coveted by fellow mountain bikers who do it without protection... on their phones."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This cable functions fine (at first), but it probably won't hold up to everyday use.  I've inserted mine maybe 20 times, and one of the spring-loaded contacts just became permanently stuck, making the cable worthless.  Sure it's dirt cheap, which is nice compared to the expensive real Nokia cable, but with what these accessory vendors charge for shipping, I'd recommend ordering several of these at one time from a source with a good deal on multiple items.  I'm now trying to decide whether to do that myself or shell out for the real deal with a real warranty."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This device is a small attachment for any of the Navigon 2100, 5100 or 7100 series GPS.For some reason, Navigon decided to place the charger receptacle on the BOTTOM (facing downwards) of their units. This makes little difference if you use the windshield suction cup to hold and display your unit. However, if you use the adhesive disc for the dash then the charger cord will likely have to be bent at right angles to make the connection, as its receptacle on the GPS points straight down. This device, when attached to the GPS, allows allows the charger cord to come in from the side, eliminating any acute bending of the cord.Conclusion:A helpful device for all Navigon GPS units; intend for those users who wish to have their unit mounted to the dash. 5 Stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a very nice Bluetooth headphset with a power connector that is simply not accessible by the cable unless I charge it unfolded.  The design is really bad for me as I want to be able to charge it folded.  The right angle adapter is just what I needed and the price was right.  It works pretty well for me, so I am giving it 4 stars.I have to be a little nit-picky, but I actually would have preferred a &#34;left&#34; angle connector -- the right angle works for me, but a connector pointed in the other direction would have worked even better.  Note that the connector exactly matches the picture in the product description so I knew what I was getting ahead of time.  I just wanted to get something that apparently nobody makes.  Anyway, if you need the right angle, then it will be a 5 star review for you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased the Jabra A125s Bluetooth iPod Adapter along with the Jabra BT620s Bluetooth Headphone and have enjoyed both.  They were easy to set up and since they are both from the same manufacturer they both use the same charger so I do not have any extra ones to worry about and I always have a spare to take with me when I am gone for long periods of time.The only suggestions that I would have would be for a positive connection to my iTouch; as it is now it is too easy to wiggle out just enough so that the connection is not good and I have to push it back in.Of course this only happens when I am walking it works great when I am just lounging around listening to tunes."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this transmitter on the back of my tv with my Bluetooth headphones. It works perfectly for my purpose and the battery lasts pretty long, given the size of this thing. It's really small, smaller than a matchbox even. Charges up in about 2 hours and will go for a couple weeks, with an hour or two of use per day. I did have some problems trying to get this thing to pair, it's looks as if there are no buttons, don't worry, it's there. The light is also the button, on the opposite side of the USB charging port, and the audio cable. Once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it. Then you'll have no problems. I definitely recommend this little transmitter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This item links up easily.  Dont make the mistake I did of trying to pair it each time...you dont have to once you have paired it once.  this transmits a true 30 feet.  I'm driving to key west next week and will know how long a charge lasts after that.  Nice to finally be able to use my wireless bluetooth stereo headset on any of my sound players..Update:  This stopped working after a year...the on/off button is unresponsive now.  It was great while it lasted!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just purchased this device, and use it with a Motorola V365 cell phone (AT&T). Although the quality of the sound may not equal that of your land line phone, or maybe even your cell phone under ideal conditions, it is excellent.  The people with whom I have spoken say that I sound fine, and I am pleased with how they sound. There is absolutely no issue with the volume. Based on my experience, I am comfortable saying that for the price,  you will be very happy with the Blue Ant."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very convenient product to have that allows for easy movement from one vehicle to the next.  The speaker quality is good and the ability to shift the microphone to a different angle is a nice touch.  I gave it 4 stars because it doesn't consistently automatically connect to the LG enV phone after pairing the two devices together.  Sometimes if I try to make a call via voice dial, it won't activate the phones voice dial feature like it should when I press the Answer/End button.  Overall the product is a good product, but LG enV buyers beware of the inconsistencies."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "As other reviews have said, this works quite well as a bluetooth speaker phone. However, the visor clip on mine kept slipping on the visor, resulting in the phone moving around.  When I moved the phone to the other end of the visor, hoping that being closer to the connection to the car instead of a snap that held it in place would result in less vibration and hence less motion, it failed to cover the road noise. I suspect this is more a problem with my car, in that the visor bounces more and is slippery, than with the speakerphone, but it stillwent back."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The voice quality of Blueant Supertooth II is better than my factory installed Cadillac Bluetooth phone. Amazingly powerful speakerphone in such a small package. The listeners at the other end, who used to complain of muffled voice from my built in Cadillac Bluetooth phone, can now hear clearly and sometime have hard time believing that I am calling from handsfree phone. It sticks very securely to the magnetic attachment for the visor. Construction is a little bit like cheap Chinese products Because the metal cover for my on/off switch fell off on the first day. But overall it is a good product and you will be pleased at its performance.Update 4/29/2008: The speaker stopped working after a week. BlueAnt said the product is discontinued and they will replace with Supertooth Light"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Screen is absolutely beautiful, charging either by car jack or wall takes only minutes to get a full charge that lasts days.  Quickdial, camera, online button, voicedialing all great.  Antenna is excellent, but not perfect.  Walkman is good, but could use a little more human factors work.  Small as it is, the speaker and microphone is phenomenal and cuts through noise very well.  Adding google maps and Yahoo! mail to the phone and it's a multimedia powerhouse that plays music and keeps you up to date.  Excellent bang for the buck."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Nice slider phone, wanted a change from the bricks and flip phones.  Bluetooth is great, and the Samsung PC Suite (free download from Samsung) lets you edit your contacts, upload ringtones, and just about anything else you want to do.  Battery life is great, about one week between charges.  The speaker is not the greatest quality, so a headset is recommended.  Cingular did not bundle a headset, so that's extra.  Interface is intuitive and functions are easy to figure out.  Speakerphone sound quality is only marginal.The main selling point of the phone is its sliding and its thinness.  Other than that, it's basically like all other GSM phones.  There are cheaper flip phones that can also do video.I would have given this phone five stars if the sound quality was better."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Samsung has made a very attractive and slim slider phone with an incredibly vivid color LCD. This is probably one of the best slider phones on the market. The only complaint that I have is the keys on the main outer display are too flush and if you have larger fingers, then you will probably constantly hit the wrong buttons. Sound quality is excellent and will also depend on carrier reception. Speakerphone is very good and can be utilized with or without phone being opened. Overall, an excellent entry into the slider phone market by Samsung in a compact package."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After getting myself a new VX8700, I picked up a new VX8300 for my girlfriend. The VX8300 is not the prettiest or thinest phone Verizon offers, but it seems to be one of their best performers. Sound quality, speakerphone, RF, and battery life all seem very good. The camera takes decent pictures. It has just about all the features you expect in a phone today too. With a new contract, you can get it for $50 or less. At this price, I give it 5 stars."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "used phone for one bill cycle and works just fine activation was quick and easy phone has minor color fade mark and some scratches on the screen but over all phone works  very well and i am happy this was my first used purchased i usally buy new but since they no longer sell this phone new is really not an option i am very satisfied i got what i paid for.note the phone is not factory reset so numbers,photos,media and call history were still in the device so i had verizon clear it and reset it due to a lock placed on the security settings recommend factory reset before selling any product just so theirs no issue on privicy"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The headset works pretty well with my treo 755p. In fact, it's the best headset I've found for the treo (tried plantronics and motorola previously without success). However, the ear hooks were missing from the package and Samsung customer service wouldn't even speak to me without me providing my phone's ESN numbers. WTH? I also attempted to make a request on Samsung's service website, which also would not function correctly. I called Amazon CS and they sent a replacement after 4 minutes on the phone. AWESOME!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my 4th bluetooth headset, and I'm getting frustrated trying to find one that both works good and fits good. This one works great, but frankly I don't understand why that can't design one that is comfortable to wear.Once you figure out how it is supposed to be worn, it isn't too bad, however I can only wear it about an hour at a time. Most of the time I keep it in my shirt pocket, and put it in my ear when my phone rings.I'm keeping it, because it works better than all the other ones. Just don't understand why they don't make them like earbud headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This bluetooth headset is tiny compared to others I've researched. I purchased it for my daughter, and she loves it.  It paired easily with her Env2 Verizon phone.  I called her to test it and I could hear her clearly and she reports she can hear well on it too. There was no feedback noise or echo.  She reports that it is very comfortable, and she has been wearing it for long periods of time without a problem.  The standby time is 70 hours, so it doesn't have to be constantly charging. Great product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset on the recommendation of a very picky friend, so I figured it would be great. Wrong. The ear loop is cumbersome to put on, and the ear bud by itself will not stay in my average ear. Worse, you have to place the headset in a recharging box (???? What happened to a simple plug??), meaning that the ear loop needs to come off. A Jabra ear gel fits on the unit . . . but the ear piece needs to come off to recharge. The nail in the coffin is that the ear piece volume is terribly low, necessitating a constant shove of a finger to ensure no aural leakage, even in my ultra-quiet Toyota Sequoia. To be fair, the sound quality was reported to to be very good, but the drawbacks far outweigh the pluses."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Expected a small earphone based on reviews but was still surprised at it's tiny size when first looking at it up close.Medium ear \"hook\" worked for me - suggest playing with this (removing the rubber hook and adjusting it on the ear piece) until getting right fit - the bud goes in ear and added loop of rubber is supposed to counter against the curve in another part of your outer ear - genius design imho and when this thing is in, even jumping up and down or shaking your head or tapping your head (yes tried that too, silly I know...) will not dislodge this.Paired easily with a samsung ach930, sound is great and the other side of the call is also impressed, no complaints of echo or static.Have a plantronics 510 which is good, this wep200 is smaller yet compares in quality to the plantronics."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's 2nd headset I had.  I used to have Moto HS850.  WEP200 is better as far as connection; way to operate it.  Easy to carry it around.  It doesn't solid stay in my ear even I used the largest loop. So I won't always put it in my ear, only when there is a call. The voice is clear in in-door or inside the car with windows up.  Noise cancelling is not as good as HS850.  When I walk on the street in a little windy climate, the other party start complaining the noise.  This is what Samsung needs to find the way to improve it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like this inexpensive lightweight bluetooth headset!  Works well on my end, but sometimes the person on the other end of the call hears an echo.  Stays in my ear great without the clip that goes around your ear.  It charges up in a protective flip top box, so the headset doesn't have to plug directly into wall charger.  I store my headset in the small charging box and carry it in the small box in my pocket when not in use.  I love it that this was only $18!!!  Can't beat that price!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought the BLT-04 case to use with the Motorola H700 headset.  It fits the headset very nicely, but..  But, the design of the case does not prevent the  multifunction button from being pushed if the case is at all squeezed, even though there is a recess in the case cover you'd think would prevent that.  The result is that I'd often find the pairing light on and the battery close to drained.If you are going to clip the case on a shirt pocket, it might be ok, though even the tension of the elastic of the case is enough to push the headset button.  If the case will be put inside a briefcase or purse, then you should probably reconsider."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would have given this a 5-star if it was only a clip/wired BT headset. It works flawlessly when used in that configuration. When you use it as an in-ear only headset, there is a tiny (barely noticeable, but there) amount of static. The person on the other end never complains. I do like the fact that for $20 you can convert it into to different styles.Two suggestions:1) I STRONGLY suggest using the included ear foam in either configuration. This makes the unit fit tighter and reduces background noise. This way you can turn down the volume a bit and the sound is clearer.2) Tinker with the volume on your phone AND the headset. You need to find the sweet spot for this to really sound good. Once you do, you'll be happy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Well, I went ahead and bought this at the reduced price. It was good at first and then other people were having problems hearing me and I was misunderstood because of this headset. Thankfully, it wasn't one of my important calls and just resulted in a bit of confusion between that person and me. I am returning this product because it is just not worth it to me if the other person cannot hear me properly. I do like the design of it and the fact that you get to choose how you place it in your ear. I don't care about it otherwise."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After a small amount of screwing around the H500 connected with myNokia N75 without a hitch.  I find that if you firmly place the earloop around the base of the ear and then fold in the receiver in fitsfirmly and doesn't come loose.  I agree that the volume could go higher;however, in a quiet room it is adequate.  I'm told that I'm clearlyheard on the other end of the connection.  This is also in a quiet room.Small and lite.  I think this a rather nifty piece of gear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like the design but keep in mind you are sacrificing protection for aesthetics. It really only covers the back of the phone which in my opinion is the least important part. The screen is largely unprotected except for a slight lip around the edge which may or may not protect the screen but I have yet to drop it.You really have to press fairly hard on the buttons to elicit a response which gets annoying after a while. I solved this by cutting the button part out with an exacto knife.I have a otterbox style case for this as well but it adds too much bulk to an already large phone so this is my go-to case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is made of a firmer material than the silicone cases, which is perfect because it doesn't stretch or get caught when going in or out of a pocket or case.  It hugs the phone tight enough that many people won't know you have a case on it.  At first I thought the case was making button use difficult, but then I took the case off and realized the Galaxy Note buttons are terrible even without a case.  It's not much more difficult with the case on, and you do get used to it.  The textured grip area on the sides is a nice tough as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is ok , but there are certainly better ones out there for cheaper.I ordered this case with high expectation thinking i was going to recieve a brand name product from Boxwave , instead i recieved a generic case with no branding .There are other cases here on amazon and other sites that are exactly the same thing i recieved for less then half the price this one is being sold for.For some reason my comments doesnt get approved im not sure why , just letting you all know my personal experience with this transaction ."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pros:  Works as it should. Easy connection to the phone.  Good talk time. Comfortable fit on the ear.  Easy to use.One Con: I could use this headset without any problems. My wife would get bad echo issues where the person she was talking with heard themselves as an echo.  Guess it has to do with the fit to the ear.  In my case the path from the earpiece to the mike was blocked but open in her case.  She had the same issue with a Motorola H500 earpiece and i can use the same Motorola earpiece fine.Purchased a Plantronics 510 which works for her.  No reports of echo from the person she is talking with."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my 4th bluetooth headset, and it is by far the best working headset. It is clear. I can hear while driving, people can hear me like I am talking into the phone.My one complaint is that it doesn't fit well on my ear. If they had made the ear loop another 1/4\" I would be giving this 5 stars. Instead it never feels exactly right, and ends up hurting my ear if I wear it for extended periods.I'm keeping it, but I am looking for a different way to attach it to my ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Product came without shipping slip, no protective packaging. .Bluetooth was placed in a plastic bag, slipped in an envelope and mailed.  Quality is very poor.  Crackling, buzzing muffled sounds very annoying and diapointing to recieve something you are expecting to use all the time to not being able to use it.  I would not recomend this vendor to anyone.  Description stated very clearly that it would be packaged in retai packaged and pictured with extra items.  This came with bluetooth only and charge cord; no instruction or any other accessories with this."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am replacing this headset (It replaced an Explorer 320) with a 510 because I am sick and tired of swivel earhooks getting loose and falling off-which is apparently NOT a warranty issue according to Plantronics. Their recommendation? Replace the headset. I ordered my 510 tonight-can't wait to replace this one. Note-it drops calls frequently, which I know is a cell-phone company issue because it happens with the phone too. But the swivel earpieces are ridiculous. I could have bought a 520 for $2 more but chose not to because of the SWIVEL!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's a fairly good headset. Negatives: does a poor job of screening out wind noise & other noises; when I make a 2nd call, it doesn't always find the phone & I have to punch a few buttons to get it working again.Positives: very comfortable - I forget I have it on; fairly discreet looking; battery life is very good; hooks up to my phone (Treo 700p) seamlessly - I very rarely have to pair it up again; I can hear very well, even in my noisy diesel pickup!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Plantronics is a world leader in ear-piece peripherals. They manufacture every imaginable headsets from telephone to gaming. The Explorer 330 fits the bill to supplement a bluetooth cellphone and its ease of use and functionality is way superior to a lot of bluetooth headphones out there. I have had mine for about 2 years now and has always worked great. Pairing is not a problem for this headset, once the pairing is recorded in the phone, there are no quirks about pairing it when you need to use it. Distance-wise, it does not conform to the 33ft maximum, but on a personal note, I hardly part the headset with the phone in that distance so it hardly matters according to my intended use. Overall happy with this headset as it has exceeded my expectations to great lengths!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was worth the price,earpiece volume is great, no problem hearing incoming voice.  The only problem is that the mic is so far away from my mouth (as a result of such a compact product), that in order to have good voice transmission, I must hold my hand up and \"cup\" it from the corner of my mouth to the earpiece so my voice can be heard clearly.  This product would be perfect if it the mic portion extended a couple inches further towards the mouth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried both the Motorola HS810 and the Treo bluetooth headsets, and this by far is the best one. The problem with Motorola is that it doesn't synch with the Treo 650 100% of the time; while the Treo headset has very poor volume (I need to be in a quiet room to hear anything). The Cardo Scala 700 has great fit (it sits right over the ear canal), great volume (even when driving with windows down), and it synchs with the Treo 650 all the time. This is the headset I'd recommend for anyone with the Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Overall, its a good set of headphones. Ive owned quite a few sets of bt headphones and by far i still dont think any are better than the Moto HT 820 setThe jog dials are good and handy, and they are comfy on the ears. they already send you the case with them too so dont buy it optional. They wont tell you this when ordering hoping that you will pitch them more money...They are also a little on the large side. If you purchase you will get cracked on for looking like DJ Khaled( Just giving heads up. the ht 820's that moto makes are the best ive ever owned. above any.But for the money these a great fit ....enjoy"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've really enjoyed being able to listen to music wires-free. The padding on them makes them very comfortable, something my other headphones lack on the part that goes over the head. And it's great to be able to control volume, pause/play, and skip through songs right from the headphones.The pairing has been a bit confusing for me, though. I've had some trouble trying to get it into paring mode. It's had to figure out what mode it's in from the blinking light. I haven't been able to get it to pair with both my phone and my iPod's adapter. Either one of those works, though.I haven't tested out the battery life in full, but it's lasted through 2 hours without having a problem.It would also be nice to be able to use them while they are charging."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "What can you say. It's a genuine Nokia car charger. It's high quality. It's cheap, and it works. Bought one for myself. Bought one for my girlfriend. Bought another one for my girlfriend when her rabbit chewed up the first one. They all worked great.A friend of mine bought some no-name brand from a big box store. Paid more and it doesn't work as well. The no-name crapper charges so slow you'd have to drive around all day to charge your phone. If you are using the GPS feature while plugged into that one your battery still gets drained.No such problems with the Nokia DC-4. It charges fast, and will continue to charge even when using power hungry applications.EDIT: Note that this 2mm coax style charger will charge your device faster than the DC-6 Micro USB version (890 mAh vs. 500)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been a satisfied Virgin Mobile (VM) customer for several years, happily using an Audiovox 8500.  VM uses the SPRINT cellular network which has a strong signal in my area.Lets talk about the SLICE which is made by UTSTARCOM.  I was very much attracted to this thin stylish cell phone.  I am not going to waste any time - what you see is what you get.  It is basically a pretty phone with very good reception, but the outgoing voice quality is below average.  The person on the other end will think you are swallowing water while talking.  Another issue is the cramped key pad.This cell phone reminds me of a pretty girl with the voice of cartoon character.  If you prize fashion over function - go for it.I am switching back to my AUDIOVOX.P.S.  You will feel compelled to purchase additional \"wallpaper\" for an additional $2, because what comes on the phone as standard fare is ugly!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this device - it's the only one that allows you to plug in your own headset. And I am VERY HAPPY to report that it works perfectly with the Verizon XV6800 Smartphone (also known as the HTC 6800 or Mogul 6800 on Sprint). No one reviewing here had tried it with this device, but I wanted the functionality so I took a chance and ordered it anyway. It works perfectly! (Or what I've tried so far works perfectly - I haven't received any phone calls while listening to music yet.)Note that I'm running Windows Mobile 6.1. I think it may not work for devices running WM 6.0. The audio jack functionality was altered with the OS upgrade. It may work, though - can't say for sure. It's worth trying!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a nice concept.  It allows the holster to orient either horizontal or vertically.  The only problem is that the first one I got...the clip snapped the first day I wore it.  The replacement is holding up much better, but it's gotten a bit floppy.  It would probably work fine for someone who was more sedentary...but I'm very active and put a lot of stress on stuff.  Still, I have it, and use it from time to time when I want to impress someone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "May not be for everyone, but I like it. The case is very solid. The screen is well protected while leaving ample openings for on/off, volume, camera, speaker, S pen, earphone, and microUSB port. Heeding the warning from other users that the beltclip breaks off readily, I intentionally broke it off :) and put the rest of the holder/phone in my cargo pants. Not real fast getting the phone out, but with bluetooth so ubiquitous these days, there's less need for speed. The built-in stand is a little unstable in the 'portrait' position, but works fine in the 'landscape' position. It also works well with a dash (GPS) holder: i.Trek ME-USDM Universal Dashboard Mount, also from Amazon."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I gave this product a 3 because the clip easily broke off. the case is good which comes in two parts. A hard shell phone case is fits really well and you can use it just like that plus a sliding cover with a clip. The cover works like a screen protector and keeps scratches from the screen. The only bad side is since the phone is big and when you clip it on your belt, the clip snaps off its place when you sit down. 2 occasions my phone fell on a taxi seat because the clip detached it self from the case. If I was not watchful i could have lost my phone. From that time on i keep my phone in my back pocket"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is the BEST. I have used it now for about a month. I love that the screen side of the phone is protected. I can toss in my purse and not worry that the screen will get damaged. I use the belt clip while at work and it has performed flawlessly. (The clip does pop off if you do not want to use it.)I have use the clip as a stand. This feature is very nice. Recently was addressing cards and found it very convenient  to use the stand and move thru my address book.Very HAPPY with my purchase!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "nice fit and slimmer than most other cases. does provide a bit of protection to face-on falls and to corners. I like the frosted back look and the rigidity of the case. Much better than simple silicone ones.  It doesn't provide that much fall protection though and might not be worth the increased width since any impact will transfer through the corners to the phone.PROSCutouts fit well.Good shape to screen border so doesn't reduce touch areaComfortable and grippy to hold.CONSSeem from mfg. is sharp and annoying, I sanded it down and it's much betterNot great fall protectionPower and volume buttons harder to press (this might be a pro too though)Collects dirt like a hoover"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this case from my girlfriend and her new Samsung Galaxy S4.  She had been using an Otterbox Commuter but was dissatisfied with that case's bulk.  I'm a big fan of TPU cases, so I got her this one and she couldn't be happier with it.  It fits snugly, looks great, covers the buttons (big plus), and isn't so bulky.  While this case is not at all bulky, it still offers protection for the camera lens and screen by having tiny ridges surrounding those parts which keep them from coming into contact with the surface the rest of the phone is resting on.  The fact that this case is so inexpensive just adds to its otherwise perfect rating."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Fits like a glove. Adds no bulk to the phone - my GS4 stays slim and light!The kickstand works, doesn't slide around, nice and firm. It clicks shut with two tiny tabs of plastic on either end of the kickstand, so I guess if over time those tabs break then it won't stay shut anymore. But for the moment, the tabs are really tiny and hopefully will not break anytime soon.The only downsides I can find are:a. hard to feel whether or not if you pressed the power/volume button or not, there's no tactile feedback when you push. They do work though.b. the screw(?) that holds the kickstand in place on the back of the case bulges out and makes the phone sit slightly lopsided when you put it on a flat surface facing upward. Not an issue for me, but didn't expect the screw to bulge out the way it does.Otherwise very satisfied."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The case feels good in your hands and it won't slip out of your hands. I've docked a couple of stars is that in the image, it looks like the buttons would be easy to press, however, that is not the case. The buttons are very flush with the case, which makes it hard to actually use the buttons. I literally have to sometimes use two hands to push a button. If only the buttons extended outward, this would be a good case. For now, I will keep this as a backup."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this case and the Incipio SA-378 DualPro Case for Samsung Galaxy S4 .  This is cheaper... and does the job... but looks a bit cheap compared to this amazing S4 slick phone.  I like the lip to protect the screen.  The buttons work fine and the ports are good.  It is grippy but slides in and out of my pocket fine.  It seems to give ok protectionI think the Incipio case gives better protection, looks much more sophisticated and isn't appreciably thicker.  It costs twice as much...but still is cheap.  I have a dock for my S4.  I had to modify the Incipio by cutting around the hole for the USB... I did not have to modify for the boxwave."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchase quite a few things from Amazon.com so I figured I would start writing reviews again especially for the products I end up having to send back to Amazon for Defects or just not working properly.Unfortunately this is one of those products, its okay but with a few defects  and I can&#8217;t recommend this product it is not very good IMOPros:1. Great coverage of back and sides for protection, cut outs line up perfect.2. Pretty thin, doesn&#8217;t add much bulk.3. Glossy sides add a little better grip.Cons:1. Made my screen protector bubble up on sides2. Very slippery on back but glossy bumper on the sides, helps make grip better, could be better.3. Power button is near impossible to press with case installed (Deal Breaker)4. Pretty Plain"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Nothing flashy about this case.  It's basic black, but the good thing is, it's matte on the backside.  Around the edges it's more shiny, which makes it more grippy.  I like that the volume and on/off buttons are covered to keep dust out, but the covering does make the buttons harder to push.  Cutouts are good, not quite perfect, but you'd have to be OCD to notice.  Seems to be secure, probably would not come off your phone inadvertently.BTW, the blackout case is completely opaque.  The blue Arctic Frost Crystal Slip case is identical to it other than being blue and transparent.Right now, there are a few different prices listed for these.  For me, the actual cost with shipping was around $3, so it's definitely worth that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered the Blackout and the Airwave (also by BoxWave) because I could not decide which one I wanted. They both fit my Galaxy S4 just right, nice and snug. They are not bulky which I like. They are not rigid plastic, both are flexible (but not flimsy) but the Blackout case is a little more flexible than the Airwave. These cases cover a little more of the front of the phone than the other case I was using which is nice because it covers the side edges of my screen protector, Tech Armor Ballistic Glass, but without interfering with the viewing area of the screen. By the way it fits great with that screen protector so I don't think anyone would have any problems with other screen protectors as this one is a little thick since it is glass.  You do have to push a little harder for the side buttons but that does not bother me. All openings on the case line up perfectly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this case because it was very cheap.  I should have known it was not worth it.  The case fit is too tight.  When I put it on my phone, the lip that goes around the front of the phone was uneven.  No matter how many times I tried to take it off and put it back on again, the lip was just uneven.  This caused my screen protector film to be displaced by this case.  It was much more of a pain than a help.  Get the real Samsung case and save yourself the headache."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case does look good and it is comfortable to hold, but for 16.95 it should be better. The cut outs fit well enough, but the buttons are much harder to press when the case is on.I feel that for this price it should be significantly better than my 3 dollar no name TPU case i bought on Amazon.  It is not, so why spend more money for nothing special. If you are going to spend this type of money, you better get something for it.Go and check the Ballistic SG caseBallistic SG0867-M385 Soft Gel Case for Samsung Galaxy Note - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black Silicone/Black TPU/White PCfor the Galaxy Note to see what a proper case should be like; or just get that cheapo TPU case.Boxwave is just fleecing customers with this overpriced case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The product is as advertised - a genuine OEM Motorola battery. It looks exactly the same as the original battery that came with the phone. So it's not a generic brand. Works great too. Somehow the package got lost in the mail (or the seller forgot to send it?). But after I contacted the seller a replacement arrived within the next few days. Though the package looked beat-up or had been in the ditch the content was intact. Great and speedy customer care to make up for a mistake."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was real hesitant to buy this battery. But for the price, and convenience of free shipping, I cant say that I regret it.The battery looks good, there is no wires or anything out of place, and for the price how could you go wrong? I had to replace an old V3 battery that I used for overseas trips and never had an issue. Battery lasted longer than my original when I first bought it. Plus if you are getting better battery life and way cheaper battery why would you complain. Anyways, hope this review helps anyone setting on the fence like myself."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This battery is for my super old Moto V3 phone that I am using as secondary phone. this is my 3rd battery on the phone since i bought it many years ago. (wow the phone is still working) anyway, it gave 6-7 days of stand by time. I am using the phone to recive SMS only. I am not really using it for calling much now.But when I was using it actively for few weeks (after my primary phone broke down) it gave me solid 4.5 days of calling and texting time. Not bad... really... I can recomend this battery strongly.S."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Even though my Nokida model, 6126, was listed as working when this arrived I thought oh-man they shipped the wrong thing. Then I looked at the model number on the cable and it was the one I ordered. Then I thought oh man I ordered the wrong thing.Turns out it works even though all the connections do not seem to match, it is secure, and actually have a very high transfer rate. So if you get it out and it doesn't seem like it would fit, play with it until it snaps in and it probably will work for you if your model is listed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This arrived in what appeared to be a Nokia retail package, and had Nokia insignia on the cable. It appeared to be genuine. The package lists only a few Nokia phones by number, then says \"and compatible phones\". Orientation of the unique Nokia plug (?POP) is not obvious and the plug does not go in easily(until it's perfectly lined up). For my 6126 the plug needs to be oriented with the Nokia insignia to the front of the phone. Once connected the cable worked perfectly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been searching for months for this package. The OEM price is about 20 times the price I paid here at Amazon.com - no kidding! Arrived before schedule, new condition, and came with everything advertised. It took a little time to install and had many updating to do but worked the first time after installation and works every time since.Anyone looking to purchase this package will be astonished and surely satisfied - I know I am. The application is thorough in design and allows for an extensive view of the internal applications of my cell phone (Motorola RAZR V3). Excellent phone and excellent application for data transfer between my computer and cell phone. An absolute necessity."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product (version 4.0) works with my V3 and V3x.  It does NOT work with my new V3e.I am using the overpriced Version 4.0 disc purchased directly from Motorola.Software updates still do not recognized the V3e.  Not sure which models listed work and which don't, but the fact that non-supported models seem to be listed is sufficient to be skeptical and go elsewhere.  Yeah, and it's a penny, PLUS a lot in shipping!So, if the software works for you, it is pretty nice.  If not, you're out.  I gave a review of one star based on the fact that a model I KNOW doesn't work is in the supported list."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The YX510 dual band repeater works well. I bought it mainly for a Verizon broadband USB modem that was only getting at best 2 bars and sometimes none. As soon as I hooked up the zboost (with the signal antenna at the roof peak), I went to 5 bars. I was getting RSSI of -100 and up and that went to -65 so I am getting a good signal to the USB modem now. I went from download/upload speeds of 100/75 to 650/250. I have the zboost sitting right beside the laptop so I cannot speak for range. I haven't tried it with my cell phone but its bars went up, too. It is a tad pricey, but it makes broadband possible for me whereas my only other choice would have been Hughes Net satellite which isn't getting such great reviews from users and is not portable at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We got this for my son to use on his job as he drives all day long.  He uses it for keeping in contact while on the road and the hands free operation is the only way to go.  The Bluetooth syncing and operation is very easy to set up and the connection is good.  The battery also has a good life and he needs it as some days are long ones for him.The sound quality is good and he can hear the caller clearly and we can hear him well.  The price we paid was a lot less that the $40 they are asking here.  I only mention this as he goes through Bluetooth ear pieces quite frequently from daily use, to breaking them to simply losing them.We gave him a really good stereo set that he uses at home and to listen books and music but he uses the lower priced ones while he is on the road.  This Jabra is reasonable quality and performance for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The shape of the hard plastic ear hook was designed to cause pain - note the 2 hard plastic jagged corners turned towards your ear while the rounded portion faces up and away from any skin that it could interfere with harming.My second complaint would be that you must hold it against your ear to be able to hear anything thus defeating the point of a \"hands free\" headset.The price is good and if you wear it in silent places where you stand a chance of hearing through it then it's almost usable but I've gotten Motorola 500 headsets for about the same price on Amazon and they work much better and are comfortable as opposed to painful."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had experience putting screen protectors on phones for several years.  I generally do pretty good with installation and have a minimum amount of air bubbles underneath the screen.With this protector I cleaned the phone very well before installing and ended up with numerous air bubbles/pockets.  I was able to use a squeegie like device and get most of them out but the ones that are still there are seemingly magnified due to the mirror surface.  It makes them much more apparent than a standard clear or anti-reflective screen protector."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the 4th one of these I have owned, first one from Amazon. The first one I gave away to a friend, who forgot to plug in their phone more than I do, the next two I ran through the laundry machine (don't do that). I can't live with out this thing... well... if I can live with out my phone, I might be able to live with out this, which I hear one can live with out a phone, but I am unwilling to test this. How else can you steal the batteries from the TV remote to charge your phone as you run out the door for work?!? Yeah, its just that cool!Bottom line, will everyone need one, no, just those of us that have forgotten to plug in their phone, or have been talking on our phone all day and have yet another important call to make, or can't find their charger in there suit case despite KNOWING you packed it or... you get the idea."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this with the intention of using it with my vast supply of rechargeable AA's, however to my surprise I discovered that it would only work with non-rechargeable batteries.  In fact it wouldn't even work with brand new Duracell Alkaline AA's.  Apparently it will only work with Energizers, though I'm not sure how that's technically possible.  As often as I would expect to use this to recharge my Evo Shift when I'm out an about, I would be buying and throwing away an awful lot of non rechargeable batteries, which isn't very cost effective and isn't great for the environment.  It works pretty well with the supplied Energizers that come with it, and it does have both Micro and Mini USB connectors, but because of the limitations it only rates 3 stars from me."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "\"$6 for a battery? too good to be true?\" That's what I thought, \"but for $6, why not give it a shot?\" I'm just using it as a \"second\" battery because the Pearl 8130 has such poor battery life, I could throw this in my luggage, or whatever when I go on a trip. Well, I've been swapping back and forth between my original and this one for a few weeks now (to make sure they stay charged) and I can never tell the difference in life, they both seem to work exactly the same. The only difference is this one has a non-OEM looking sticker wrapping it, looks to be printed from a scan of an OEM."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm not sure if I would wear this in public, but I got this because of the good reviews it received with regard to sound quality & noise cancellation. Sound is crsytal clear & deep. I got it to work with the Sony Bluetooth adapter, Sony Vaio laptop, my Nokia cell phone, & my iPod Touch. A big plus is that you can use it as a passive headset by plugging in a 3.5 mm audio cable. It's a good idea to purchase the carrying case to protect it while transporting or storing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased these about 8 weeks ago for use at work.  So far, here's my experience:+ Positives ++ Loooooooong battery life+ Comfortable enough to wear 6+ hours at a time+ Good sound quality+ Easy controls for volume, etc+ Around $30.  One of the cheapest I've found for bluetooth headset+ Noise cancellation works...if you have music going (why have them on if you don't!)- Negatives -- Wall charger that came with them was a MICRO usb charger, not the MINI usb charger that it requires.  However, I had plenty of mini usb cables, which I used to charge them with from my PCOverall, these bluetooth headphones are and excellent value - would definitely recommend...especiall for the $30.Final note, these do not come \"packaged.\"  They arrive in your box inside of a plastic bag with the wall charger (probably the wrong type), the headphones, and the \"manual\"."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this to use in my vehicle so I wouldnt have to use a head set or worse hold the phone while driving. I was impressed that it works as well as it does. I have had no problems with this device. I am able to charge it the car if I have to and charge well at home. You can use the same USB power cord as for your phone (if its a MOTO RAZR model NOT the new V9). I take this for short trips in town. Sadly to say it will be used as a Back up due to being replaced by the MOTOROKR T505. If you are leary about trying this...JUST DO IT. If you dont like it Amazon will take it back. For a first purchase you cant go wrong."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I do a lot of freeway driving and I've tried 2 of these speaker phones with myTreo and the noise cancellation feature is poor. It works fine below 45 mph but the faster I go the more my callers complain about the road noise. Also you have to turn off Bluetooth on the phone when you turn off the speaker phone. The phone thinks it's still connected to the speaker phone,it will show that it's not connected to any Bluetooth devise but keeps the phone mic and speaker on mute until Bluetooth is turned off."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The first one I got stopped working in about a month later, so Motorola replaced me with supposedly a newer one. New one continues to work but- person on the other side cannot hear correctly- lots of static like noises even when fully chargedFor the excellent customer service, I should give 5 stars to Motorola and 1 (or 0) star to this particular product.Update: After this, I tried Plantronics voyager 510 as a BT earpiece. This also had issues (while better than this Motorola T305), and so I gave up on bluetooth and went for wired in-ear Sennheiser headphones"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just got Motorola T305 in after preiously buying the Jabra version months ago. If you are looking for a car/truck speaker phone, this T305 works excellent on both road and highway. The Jabra I previously bought had very limited volume and you could not hear on highway travel even with windows rolled up. I read some of the minor complaints about this product in the other reviews and utterly ridiculous. The on/off button is small but who cares? As for a blue light not being seen perfectly in the daytime, again, who cares? You know the power is on because you turned it on when you got in your car/truck."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my second KRZR. I love this phone. I finally broke my first one, but I pushed it to the limits. It had been washed, soaked jet skiing, dropped, kicked, chewed up by my dog (twice) and finally destroyed by me trying to replace pieces without the right screwdriver. This phone lasted through it all. The best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water, it still works. If you are hard on phones, I would recommend this one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I thought this item was going to be compatible with my Motorola Droid Razr, but it is not - it comes up as compatible in a search and I didn't notice it saying the connection was mini, not micro. So that is my fault for not paying closer attention to the specs. I could buy an adapter, but instead I decided to give it to my son for his bluetooth headset as it is a mini usb connection.It does work as described, (though just not for anything that uses a micro connection) and is a very reasonable price. It's small and easy to put in a pocket or purse, and is very convenient. When I got my Razr, my son got my old Chocolate Touch, so I gave him the headset also and he uses it all of the time. He's used the charger twice now and it works as described."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this because there are times when I need my Blackberry to be functional and I'm not near a charger.  I hadn't tried the P790 yet when hurricane Irene decided to pay a visit.  I had the unit charged up when the power went out Saturday before 9pm.  By 4pm the next day, power had not been restored and the phone was going below 20% & wanted to shut down some functioning to conserve what was left of the battery life.  I attached the P790 with an adaptor I bought at the same time.  In under an hour I was at 55% battery life and could keep going normally till I had an opportunity to do a normal charge at my office, later that evening.  It'd be an understatement to say I'm pleased."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a pretty solid case.  It's very stiff so it's almost a hard case, but is still flexible.  Should protect well if it gets dropped.Both sides are the same so the scanner can go into either side and the cable into the other.  The scanner is slightly higher than one side of the case.  There's a padded flap in between the halves of the case that pushes into the other half a bit.  That compresses the cable in the other side and makes it so nothing moves around.Functionally, that's a great design, but for looks I would have liked the scanner to fit completely into the bottom, with a thinner top half for the cable.  As it stands I might be able to get a couple other cables or things into the top part so it's probably a net plus."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "In truth, I am glad I bought this case in the event that I need to store or travel with my scanner.  However, I don't see myself taking my scanner anywhere.  Since I bought my scanner, it has been next to my computer and I don't really see the need to take it anywhere.One thing I am curious about is that the case has 2 sides with elastic and only one scanner fits inside, so I can't figure out why 2.  Anyway, it is just an observation because it doesn't affect the fact that the slim scanner fits great in it and protects it well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "At less than a dollar per sheet, you can afford to treat them as disposable and not be too upset if they fall off or lose their ability to stay on that long. What sells the screen protectors for me is that they come with a grid on the backing so you can easily measure and quickly cut to match the size of the LCD you're protecting. If you want something more permanent, then go with Invisible Shield or Best Skins Ever. But for the price and their versatility, they're well worth it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "use on 2cameras and cell phone.  The cutting is fairly straight forward, but the pre-cut edge that is supposed to help with seperating the backing from the protector is not cut well so i've wasted one sheet as it ripped easily while taking off the backing.  material not durable at all.  Got scratches just by using the squeegy in the package.  Lastly, if you had to reposition it, good luck getting the bubbles (hazyness) out.  Requires too much effort to get it right.  Would not recommand it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "You can use this product to cut a high quality screen protector for anything with a touchscreen. That's awesome. Keep in mind that you have to cut and apply the screen protector yourself. It took me a few applications before I got good at it. Some air bubbles are normal, they dissipate after a few days. Lots of air bubbles means you are doing it wrong. Practice makes perfect.  You get 10 screen protectors for about $10.00 (or whatever they are selling it for) and the sheets they give you are pretty large. I think this is product is a very good value."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "These are easy to use and provide short-term effective protection for device screens.  The plastic is soft and scratches easily, but is easily replaced with a fresh piece...I find that it lasts about a month (in my pocket, exposed to my keys and other crud) before the scratches become totally obnoxious.  The used plastic peels off easily, without leaving any residue behind.Incidentally, cutting these to size is simple.  The backing material is printed with a grid to act as a guide. I'm straight-line impaired and can almost get it right.Note...these are packaged 12 in a plastic bag.  When I last looked, they were much cheaper than the precut protectors designed for a specific cell phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I thought this item was a good idea as it gives you the opportunity to mount your phone closer to the seat instead of up on the windshield.  I discovered 2 things:1) The unit itself is very cheap.  The adjustable arm used to clamp your phone has a major weak spot.  Mine broke right out of the package.  I made some repairs to strengthen it, but first use showed that this device does not work well with any smart phones.  I have an iPhone, and it's too wide and tall for this device.  You can't clamp your phone very well because of the cheap design, and the bottom ledge is too small.  After 5 minutes of driving, I had to remove my phone before it fell out.This is a good idea that was implemented poorly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really did not want anything bulky. I already hate the fact that a case on my slim Iphone makes it bulky. But I dare not go with out. So I really like that the magnet does not really add more bulk. I was able to use the thinner metal piece and it even works through my case (it is a soft silicone case) So this makes me very happy. Again I have a decorative case and really did not want to cover up the design, nor did I want to tape anything to my phone. So I stuck it to the inside of my case and it works great!  No more trying to place my phone in a holder to use the gps. Now I can simply place it on and go."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best device holder I've purchased! It has incredible hold for as much weight as the magnet will support. Having the holder come loose from whatever you stuck it to just isnt going to happen. I've had mine in my car for months and it hasnt budged. I have put many devices on the magnet and they all stay strong. The only complaint is the oval shaped metal piece is gold. It would be better for it to have been black. The smaller metal piece is significantly thicker than the oval shaped one and I wished it was a little thinner as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Mobile service providers claim that this type of antenna does not work, and I have to agree with them.  Installing it actually reduced my reception from 2 bars to NO bars!  If you search the internet, you will find that passive antennas like this are no different than that battery compartment sticker that claimed to improve cell phone reception, block radio waves from frying your brain, etc.  It doesn't work and it's a waste of money.I recommend buying a wired antenna that directly connects to your phone.  If you phone doesn't have such a connection, then you may want to look into a different phone because nothing without a direct connection is going to work, and you may want to look into a phone that gets better reception (there are some -- just read the 3rd party reviews).I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone unless you just have money to burn.  If so, please just send it to my PayPal account instead."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Had zero effect. My windows must already allow enough signal through for this to not make a difference. Bought it for the back of my place because I get full bars right outside on the patio, and almost none inside (I live in a concrete apartment). If I put the phone in the same place I had this, I get good reception, but this didn't extend my signal any, or act as a repeater. Didn't seem to help in the car either, but I don't really need it there."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "There are a few spots around town where my calls get dropped when I use my cellular phone while driving in the car.  These areas are very small, only about 300 feet long.  And if I hold the phone outside the car when I drive through these areas, the calls don't drop.I bought this device with the hope that it would allow me to keep calls going without rolling down the windows.  Unfortunately, I found absolutely NO difference between calls being dropped with and without this device.When I took the device off, it broke open and I took both sides apart.  I didn't find any evidence of components that will inductively couple the antenna and the interior components.However, when it was installed, it did **look** impressive.  So, if you want a fake cellular antenna to make your car look \"cool,\" this will fit the bill perfectly.  If you want a performance improvement, consider one of the Wilson cellular repeaters instead."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought 2 of these antenna's. I gave one to a friend and kept one for my self. Me and my Friend both put then on a Window to help with reception. I use a Motorola Q and my Friend has an I Phone both of us has service though Verizon. We went from either no service or 1 bar of service to 2 to 3 bars. I also have a Virgin Mobile MI FI Internet Data Card and it helped to increase my service from either no bar or 1 bar or service to 2 to 3 bars or service. Both of us live i rural area's. I would highly recommend this antenna to any one who has problems with cell reception. It also helps with Cordless Phones (if using the phone outside and Home Wireless(WI FI) network if using a lop top outside. You could use it on your car or a window at home."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is works and is cheap so I am still giving it a few stars, but I feel it is a little bit of tricky advertising and the item is not as one would expect.When you scrutinize the description it does state \"Brushed Aluminum Back Cover\" which I took to mean the cover is aluminum.  What it truly means is that the case is clear plastic and a little brushed aluminum plate has been glued only to the back.  In the picture it appears the entire case is aluminum which is what I really wanted, but not so. The case is clear plastic all around the sides and only metal on back. I'm not sure what the purpose of making only the back aluminum except to keep it low cost, but as anyone purchasing this is probably expecting a metal case it is a let down over all.P.S. The case is slippery."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this case because of the descriptions and the price. I have a white HTC One and it really looked good on it and didn't add much bulk or weight to the phone. I tried to take it 1 step too far and remove the plastic back to make it a bumper (since that was I was looking for anyway) but it's not firm enough to be a bumper. If you're happy with the looks and don't destroy it like I did, you'll live this one. I'm still using it as a bumper but did order the clear version of this same make/model."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like this case. I got the Frosted version, and I kind of wish I got the BodySuit or something else because the Frosted feel is not my favorite. The case leaves a good lip around the screen and the TPU has a good thickness to it, without being too thick, so IA feel like this would protect my phone pretty well in a drop.My only complaint is that the volume buttons are subpar. It takes a very good push to get the buttons to work, and a lot of creaking goes on in the process with the TPU.Overall, though, this is a great case at an awesome price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "One of the best cases I've ever bought for a phone.Very snug fit,w/o any pull-away around the cutouts for the I-R Blaster/3.5mm audio jack/USB port.The volume rocker is covered & actually functions better than w/o a case.The case looks & feels as if it is actually a part of the phone,yet,should provide more than adequate protection against everyday use & occasional misuse/accidental bumps/etc.....Also a great value,as I paid less than $5.00,definitely a must-buy for any HTC ONE owner."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Ok so i wish i felt i could give this 4-5 stars but 2 things really bug me, 1st and most annoying is the power button becomes recessed wit this case , the volume buttons have an extended piece that makes them ez to access but the power button doesnt, and 2nd the top and bottom seem to bow out a little and not quite fit almost like maybe a bad batch cause it is close really close but it bows out. so i love the look and feel, it shows off this pone. keeps the sleek curves. oh i wish that power button where easier to hit and it would be a case i really like."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Awesome Cover for a gorgeous phone. I have a HTC one in Blue and needed a good cover while actually showing off the blue beauty. This cover does it all. I kind of wished it to be clear on the back too rather than the frosting ( which make a good design ) because my blue HTC still somewhat hides in it. Other than that, for the price, it's got a great grip, and a sturdy feeling. I love Boxwave for all its extraordinary accessories. You can never go wrong with this purchase!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The earpieces don't go as far into the ear as my etymotic earlpugs, so I have to use the wire hook it came with to stabalize it.  I wish the in-ear part gripped my ear a little better.  Also, the hook falls off easily when it's in my pocket.  I wish there was a more permanent way to attach it.  Also, there are some CRAZY big ear gels in there.  I have big ears (har har) and I use the smallest one.  WHOS ears are big enough for the large attachments?Having said that, the headset is a winner.  It's LOUD!  I actually have to turn it down.  Reception is good and it pairs with my L2 quickly and easily.  No problems hearing other people or them hearing me.Last thing... it pairs up with my Mac G4 no problems.  System sounds go through it and that's pretty cool!I give it a 4 out of 5."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned 2 Plantronics headsets -- The 665 and its predecessor, the 655. Both have suffered the same fate. The little rubber ear tips are flimsy and keep breaking. When I pick up the headset, the ear tip falls out. I purchased the ear tip replacement pack, which costs about $10 and you get 3 ear tips -- 1 small, 1 medium, and 1 large. Given that I only have a need for 1 size, I basically had to pay $10 for one ear tip... which broke after 30 days. The headset sounds pretty good, fits in my ear OK, and people say they can hear me pretty well. Despite all of these positives, I will be replacing it with another brand."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My first impression is that whoever designed this product must have liked Kinder eggs when they were younger: everything involves assembly, and the car charger looks like something out of a Bond movie. Although I didn't have any issues with the call quality, the biggest problem was the plastic hoop that connect the headset to your ear - it's flimsy, breaks off easily in your pocket, and isn't particularly comfortable.It's definitely not bad for the price, but I don't think it stands up well to the Motorola range. If you spend a little more, you can get a little more comfort and considerably fewer attachments."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For all those u have been having problems with the phone turning ON when in your pocket and who din know how to lock your keys that are outside...here is the solution... when u press the power button u get an option to lock keypad... select to lock the keypad and that way you dont have to worry about battery draining when in your pocket... i do accept the fact that the battery life on the N75 is not as great as any other Nokia phone... But I thot locking the phone in my pocket saves me a lot of battery... I charge my phone everyday :(... But overall it is an excellent phone...U dont get such a good phone being offered by any provider for FREE..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The battery I received is not new...I thought I was buying a new battery but instead received a battery that is in no better condition than the one I am replacing.  Now to be fair I went back and looked and it doesn't actually say \"New\" in the description, but it doesn't say \"Used\" either.  The picture is of a new battery and describing it as \"Original\" leads people to believe they are receiving a new, original OEM replacement part.  This is not the case.  I called the customer service number and its an answering machine asking for your name, order number, and detailed description of why you are calling.  I somehow get the feeling they get a lot of calls complaining about this so they use this as a screening method.  This seller is shady and should not be allowed to sell on Amazon.  My recommendation...DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have to say this is prolly the best bluetooth headphone out there, but also the most expensive.  I had bought mine through Verizon with a 25% corp. discount, which came out to $90.  If I had know Amazon carried it, I would of purchased through Amazon and saved about $7 on tax.I paired it with my LG Voyager and it works fine and it even works all the way across the gym.  The sound quality is good, but the volume on the unit is not loud enough.I have heard many people complain that the unit is not water resistant, I have not jogged with it yet, but will found out later.  Great product with good looks."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought these in Aug 07 and they worked great out of the box.  They were especially good in the gym or anywhere inside, but had a very limited range outdoors. When jogging you have to keep your device strapped to your arm-which is not a big deal and the headset works good.  Reason the review is in the past tense is that from one use to the next the volume up control stopped working. The volume down button worked, so I tried lowering the volume to the bottom and then increase..oh well..it reached the bottom and won't increase, so essentially you can't hear any sound out of it any longer.  I'll now have to deal with the warranty dept of Motorola I suppose. But I wouldn't buy these again, as I have read of this defect in other reviews"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a dash t-mobile phone and it work great with it .. i also have connect it to my computer and used it there with a blue-tooth adapter.. plus the sound is great .. plus everybody hears me perfect even while biking .. and while its raining.. even though.. i haven't used it so much while raining about once or twice.. plus over all i haven't had a problems so far ( A month and a week of having it).. just more to say u can find it cheaper on other web sites..($89.99)  well  get it if ur a outdoor type of person.. Yup! for sure its a great blue-tooth over all...."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Looks great. Charges easily. Love that it's moisture resistant which is perfect for running and doing a lot of walking in various weather as I do. Also my sweat won't ruin it.BIG CON: Very, very twitchy in keeping connected to the phone. Basically if it's not in your back pocket, it's going to cut out a lot if you move your head too much, etc. I prefer keeping my phone in my front shirt pocket, but that doesn't work so well with this headset. Also, you can't very well sit down with your phone in your back pocket either (and then it doesn't connect well either because you are sitting on the phone). So really only works well if you are standing up and it's in your back pocket. All other uses are only so-so.Wish I hadn't bought it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use these paired with the nike+ system and my iPhone.  I bought three other pairs of \"workout\" headphones.  The wires were a problem when I ran or the ear clamps didn't hold.  None were a good solution.  I was opposed to paying this much for headphones but decided to give them a shot.  Wow, best $60 I ever spent.  They work great, fit very well, don't fall off when I run several miles, and double as a bluetooth headset - yes, you can answer a call while running.  I just couldn't be happier with the purchase.  Well, if I could find a hard case for them when I travel I might be a wee bit happier, but a terrific product nonetheless."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Case is large, certainly, but as are all cases of this type.  It fits well, even with a third-party wireless charging card inside the battery compartment.  I wouldn't say it exactly looks good though.  If you've had an Otterbox, it looks like the rest, you're sacrificing appearance and size for protection.  I got it mainly because it comes with a belt clip, and the GS5 is a pretty big phone to carry in your pocket, especially as the days get warmer.It seems to attract and hold dust a lot.  Perhaps lighter colors wouldn't show that as much.  Personally, I find that big chunk of rubber protecting the headphone jack unnecessary.  The headphone jack on this phone is waterproof anyway, and there's a very big cutout in the bottom to access the charging port."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is quite a bulky case with the holster/belt clip in place but not so bulky if you just use the case.  It does provide a lot of protection so if you have kids using your phone or tend to have butter fingers, you may like this.All the buttons & ports are easily accessible. It snaps on & off the holster fairly easily and stays on & in place.  For me, I will rarely use the holster because it is so bulky & hard plastic; women tend not to use holsters & I am no exception.  My husband, who uses a holster every day, also felt this holster is too bulky/hard plastic.  I do use the &#34;case&#34; portion.  The case is a heavy duty rubbery plastic that is easy to grip & provides good protection."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my first Otterbox case. I always through they were too bulky and I like more fashionable cases for my wireless phones. Putting this on was a little challenging for me- Had to watch a video on it.. The rubber casing is on really good- But that is a good thing.  Now my phone is protected from EVERYTHING.I left my screen protector on and that was a mistake- The touch screen wasn't nearly as respondent. I took it apart removed the screen protector and now he screen is totally 100 percent respondent. Only issue is if I want to take my phone out and put in a different case I will loose that protection. But the built in screen protector on this Otterbox works great, keeps my phone protected and that is fine for me right now. Very impressed with my first Otterbox!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I moved from an S4 with this same series case to an S5 with the case. The S5 case feels like it has a lot more grip. It doesn't fit 100% perfectly, but it's really enough that it looks really crisp and more snug than the S4. The biggest issue I have with is that the headphone flap isn't easy to fully close, but it also isn't easy to open either, so it protects that jack well. It's difficult to take off, but that's also good in the sense that it won't snag and come off. Don't get this case if you're often opening up your phone to replace batteries or SD cards."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "At just under $50, the Otterbox Defender series cases are some of the most expensive on the market - but there has been very little innovative added in recent years. While I do agree with &#34;don't mess with a winning team&#34;, some phones (like the S5) have evolved a lot, yet the case has not. The finger print scanner on the S5 is very hard to use this Otterbox. Also, it is still not possible to use wireless charging with these cases, which is a real shame. Ideally, a company like this should keep innovating and ensure customers continue to invest in new cases.That said, the protection level is still quite good - not quite &#34;feel fine dropping it&#34;, but I'd certainly wouldn't be too worried to throw my phone in a bag. Additionally, since the S5 offers weather protection on its own, the value proposition of the Defender series is lost a little."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got the case the same day I went to purchase the S5. Case is easy to take off and put on after the 1st time of disassembly. As has been mentioned before the hole for the home button is off by a slight bit. It isn't enough to detract from usage, but Otterbox should fix this and offer panel swapouts to those users who request them. As I work in retail, I know many of these are already in stores. Most people probably won't care, but it may contribute to poor fingerprint sensor operation. Other than this, I expect a long time of protection for my S5."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like this case. the only thing that made me worry was the thin section by the volume rocker, but it has held up well. I like that it doesn't hurt my ear when i talk on my phone. i like that it doesn't interfere when I text. I love that it doesn't add any bulk to the phone and still protects my phone. I have been using this case for about a month. It meets all my requirements. 1 fits 2 works good 3 price is great 4 protects my phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've used this for a couple of years as a back-up charger for my Kindle or for some of the phones in my family.  I haven't had much luck charging my iPhone with it, but the rest of the phones did OK.  It's perfect for my Kindle though.As some other reviewers pointed out, it sticks straight out of the device that it's charging.  So it isn't very practical to use the device and charge it at the same time.  But if you're stuck in an airport and need to charge something before a flight, it sure beats not having any charge at all.I assume they designed it that way because it's a more efficient use of battery power than a longer cable would have been.  Just a guess...I don't leave home without mine though.  It's in my emergency cable pouch that I always take wherever I go.  I just have to remember to replace the batteries from time to time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I know it's only  $4.50, but this is a piece of garbage that is so outdated (made in 2007) that it should be in a museum.  First, it comes with no tips.  When I ordered it, I thought it would have something other than the base unit.  I haven't used it because I refuse to invest more money in this...it is so old that it probably won't work with my Galaxy S3 and if it does, it would probably not be able to power it much.I bought it out of desperation when Hurricane Sandy hit.  I regret buying this and wasting my money.....  P U R E  --  G A R B A G E!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had a couple of the &#34;beanbag&#34; dash holders for my GPS navigator.  While some claim that those things stay in place, my Garmin GPS slid off the dash one time too many.  I had seen one of these sticky pads once before, so I though it worth a shot.  I super-glued it to the center of the bottom of the beanbag GPS holder, and it transformed the thing into a secure dash-top holder.  Yes, the combined device is now a bit more expensive than it should have been, but the holder was sunk cost.  This made it useful."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I picked this one based on the reviews.  It seemed like it had the best reviews for the price.  And yes, it works, and it works great.The back has a protection sheet to keep it clean for mounting on a dashboard.  But it's not glue-based, even on the back, so it comes right off.  Cleaning it to get it back to new would be difficult since it sticks to pretty much anything, but I don't see that being a problem long-term, as it even sticks on a veritcal surface perfectly.  Of course your phone won't stay on at 90degrees vertical, but from the testing I've done, it works great up to and over 45 degrees."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very nice looking case and the Droid X fits nicely in it.  As another reviewer stated you have to modify it some so you can attach a charging cable to it.  That's not so bad. But the clip that installs on the case does not stay on securely and if you are getting out of your vehicle or up from a chair the seat belt or chair arm will pop the case right off the clip.  Luckily the case protects it well enough but I still don't like it coming off that easy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It actually works well for the iPhone 5 also.  Durable and well made.  Comfortable to wear.  My last one broke after about 2 years....and I liked it so much that I reordered the exact same one.Update:  After a couple of months, the metal piece on the flap came out.  The magnets seem to be stronger than necessary and put a good tug on the simple method to keep that piece attached.  Still, it's inexpensive and I am re-ordering a new one because I like everything else about it,"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this with a regular land line phone.  You plug it in as directed on the instructions.  To use it you lift the handset and push a button on the earpiece to turn the earpiece on.  The sound quality is very good.  Microphone seems good, nobody has complained they cannot hear me.  Volume is adjustable.  There is really no detectable interference.  There is no head attachment so you must use this over the ear.  That would have been nice.  Sometimes in a hurry it is tricky to get it situated on your ear correctly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "the batter died and then yo uahve to buy and solder a new one in there.  REALLY!  or thow it out and buy a new one for 200.they say they dont make the CS70N anylonger so you have to buy a whole new unit.  Terrible design.im on the phone a good part of the day and should have known better to not buy a more expensive unit.do yourself a favor and call the manufacturer first and ask about stuff like battery life, how to replace.  I would have not purchased this if I had know it woudl last only a year or two."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The range is really great and the battery life has been very good so far. It does the most important things well. Here's why I'm giving just 4 stars: 1) It picks up too much background noise. I was able to improve that someone with setting changes, but it still picks up significantly more than just the handset. 2) It suffers from interference with other bluetooth devices. If my cell phone and regular bluetooth are in proximity of me while I'm using this my voice will start cutting out. I have to move my cell phone and bluetooth to the side of my desk so it's not between me with this headset and the base. It's an easy fix, but caused a major issues for a while until I figured that out."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This works and it comes with the hardware to mount it somewhere so it won't slide around. As an extension and socket splitter it is OK.However they missed an essential trick on the USB power supply. If a device wants a smart USB powered device like an iPhone or iPod to see it as a high power source, and not as a data connection, it needs to short the data interface pins with a resistor not more than 200k ohms. That is in the USB spec. You can tell this hasn't been done because when you plug in an Android phone it asks if you want to mount as a media device or a hard drive.So if you are looking for a neat way to power and charge a modern smart device then this isn't it. For the 2c it would cost them for the resistors the manufacturers really should have done this. I may even try it myself since it looks like there is room to work in there and I have an electronics lab to play in."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have an XM radio SkyDock plugged in to my 2006 Toyota 4runner.  The design of the Skydock's lighter plug makes it very stable and very difficult to remove.  I added one of these unit's inside my center console then cut off the plug end and soldered the wires to the terminals on the existing lighter socket.  Haven't had a single problem yet.If you are doing something similar, make sure you take into account the clearance you will need when the lid to the console is closed and something is plugged into one of the sockets."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm using this in my 2008 Honda Civic. The power it can draw matches that which my cigarette outlet can output. This was a little more expensive than the other ones I had found. But it had a fuse and was proper Power usage. The USB charging is nothing spectacular, I'm using a Samsung galaxy S3. I haven't tried a full load on this yet. I run a Bluetooth adapter and charge my phone through this leaving me one extra USB port and cigarette lighter in case I need it.It does come with mounting screws and double-sided tape. I haven't used either of them, I don't suspect I will."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "If you're like me, you've just about given up trying to find a reliable bluetooth headset and transmitter.  Look no further.  I bought this unit with the matching transmitter (\"Sony Bluetooth Wirleless Transmitter for iPod (Black)\"), and have been enjoying clear, reliable music ever since.  This headset has a volume adjustment that actually works -- the upper volume range is amazing.  The track-changing controls are also snappy (just flick to change).  The unit pairs quite well with its own transmitter.Bluetooth is not great for deep sounds, so the bottom range is just okay.  But the overall sound is better than any competing products.One recommendation that I am surprised no one has considered: an on-off switch that, once flipped on, automatically pairs without having to hold buttons down.  All bluettoth headsets are guilty of this gaffe."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I tried this headphone in an office environment where we can make phone calls from our PCs.When listening to streaming music and news these headphones were great.  The sound quality had just the right mix of base and treble. The A2DP profile had no crackle and overall was flawless.My only problem with these headphones was in using the microphone.  Since it isn't on a boom it is omni-directional.  Often this lead to callers hearing my colleagues more than me, and issue with our phone software modifying volume levels automatically because it thought I was speaking.  Therefore, I wouldn't recommend this headphone if you need to use the mic anywhere that might be in the slightest bit noisy.  That said, the mic did pic up everything it could."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Buying these headphones was a terrible mistake. The sound is flat and lifeless and the volume controls do nothing. I bought these to use with my Palm Pre. I don't know if the problem is Pre related, the Pre's bluetooth stack has a lot of deficiencies, or if these are just lousy headphones. Either way the combination of the Pre and these headphones is not a good one, Palm Pre owners should avoid these. I have a cheap pair of wired headphones that have an order of magnitude better sound when used with my Pre."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's really hard to describe how good it sounds.  I've been impressing all my friends with it's audio quality; regardless of it being wireless or not.  I can heard subtle details in the songs that I didn't know existed; just like studio monitor headphones.  In fact, they are so clear, I can easily tell the difference between standard mp3 compression sound quality and audio CDs.  I've been using these headphones for days and hours at a time; and, it just doesnt run out of battery power.  It also does a great job of cutting out noise that you dont want to hear in the same room."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Although the plastic looks and feels like very cheap plastic and as if were to fall it'd come apart easily (mine has yet to fall), this is a nice idea of having a AC (home) and DC (on the road) charger for your Kindle or such.Keep in mind though you NEED a tip that's appropriate for your device.  Be it the A00 tip for your Kindle or whatever.  Having this alone will not do anything for you.It comes with a nice black bag to keep both chargers and the wire spool inside of along with the tip."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like the \"behind the ear\" headsets, they seem more comfortable to me so I decided to upgrade to the Jabra BT5020. I moved from the Jabra BT500 to the BT5020 and really like the BT5020.  I like the size and solid black color, it's very unassuming, never cared for the startrek look of the other headsets. The volume is loud and clear. The headset is very easy to wear for long periods of time because of it's light weight. It has GREAT talk and standby time and comes with a AC Adapter and a USB cable for charging, so you can have the AC Adapter at home and the USB cable at work or with your laptop for charging.I had a bit of trouble pairing it to my Treo 700Wx but got it working, it also paired fine with my wifes Motorola Razor and my kids Samsung U740.Great unit, good features and a good price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I wasn't getting very good audio quality, and could not manage to perform the long duration hold of the answer button to get my Samsung SCH-A870 to enter speech recognition mode.Another web-site I found explained how to enable/disable the vibrate feature of the headset, and also perform a reset.Try the search string:Jabra BT5020 Vibrate Enable/Disable Reset the DeviceNote: neither procedure is explained in the manual for the headset which came with the unit (or the downloadable manual from the Jabra website for that matter. That is inexcusable in my opinion. The manual on the web should be made up to date by a manufacturer at the very least).Once the headset was reset, not only was the sound quality better, I could finally use the long duration tap of the answer button feature to initiate voice calling on the cell phone through the headset.I actually like the headset now. No issues with voice or digit dialing.The only drawback I find is the earbud doesn't stay on the earpiece."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "As stated this is a Sony product in the original package.  It appears well made and charges my Sony P1i phone.  It actually has 2 lights.  The first is a ready light on the 12 V plug end that indicates the charger is plugged into the adapter in your auto (it does not hurt the battery of my vehicle to keep this plugged in all the time).  The second light is on the other end (that attaches to your Sony phone) and can be turned on or off.  It is fairly bright and can be used as a flashlight."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I received it promptly.  I was little uncertain at first when I opened the shipping package I saw what it was packaged in, a zip lock bag. I also was hesitant to buy because other reviews stated that it wasn't durable.  But I figured for the price I'll give it a try. I wouldn't lose much if it didn't work out for me and if it did then I got at an awesome price! I've had it for three months now and it works great. It isn't as flimsy as people said it is, I don't see how people could break those prongs.  Sturdy and reliable! I would highly recommend it!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this charger for my Sony z550a. I can charge my phone, and use the pass through to listen to MP3s playing from my phone on the car stereo.My only complain is the bright green LED that is on the end of the charger (to show that it's plugged in). At night, this LED lights up the car's cabin and since my power is on the console, it shines directly in my eyes. I've had to place a small piece of black electrical tape over the light to dim it. Standard hole-punch made a perfect circle shaped mask."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the second Scala 700 set that I've owned. The first one developed a crack right on the seam after less than a year of use (I didn't drop it). I tried super glue but the glue may have gotten into the circuitry because the microphone stopped working.Overall, the headset feels flimsy and if you grip it too tightly, it will crack. However, we all want a lightweight headset...so maybe I shouldn't complain. The Scala picks up all outgoing calls automatically after you dial the # on your cell phone. However, you have to press the button on the Scala after picking up incoming calls. This results in a 2-3 second delay...an eternity if you've got another person on the line saying \"hello? hello?\".It's got its drawbacks but it's the only headset that works consistently with my Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Supertooth Light is an incredible product! It just works - easy to pair, automatic connection when I turn it on, good sound quality. The battery life is terrific. I charge every week or so, but it has never run out of power. I use it every day. Went on vacation recently without a charger - no worry, it never lost power. The magnetic mount is great - when you flip the visor down to block the sun, you can just slide the unit around to the other side of the visor and keep on talking. I have a Blueant Z9 (great product) but rarely use it any more! Let's hear it for those Aussies!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this after reading the positive reviews.  I should have paid more attention to some of the negative reviews that talked about the microphone wand that acts as an on/off switch.I used it a total of about 6 times and the \"wand\" refuses to go back. The mechanism that allows it to retract is not working and as a result its always on.When I went to Amazon to return it, it would not let me return saying the last date to return had just passed and there is some vague language about partial credit etc.So I opened a warranty ticket with BlueAnt.  Let's see how that works.I am disappointed that Amazon does not clearly explain what to do with products that go defective after a month."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered these because I was tired of bundling up all the different USB cables I use at my desk. Everything has its own USB cable, micro, mini, etc. We just purchased an IPOD and I thought I would try these. They seem to work well. They appear well made and not real flimsy. I have our IPOD in an Otterbox case, and the flap opening catches on one edge of the connector. I simply used my Dremel tool to grind the corner off the catching edge of the connector, and it fits fine now,. If you have your IPOD uncased, it should work just fine. This connector that goes into the IPOD does have some release catches on it. You need to squeeze a tiny button on each side to release the connection. I mention this because none of my other IPOD cables have any kind of latching system."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this case despite some negative reviews due to needing stuff ASAP as Sprint was shipping me my new S4 and i dread not having everything i need right away..I am using this case for a Samsung S4 with a Hyperion Samsung Galaxy S4 5200mAh Extended Battery + Black Back Cover (Compatible With ALL Samsung Galaxy S 4 Models) [18 Month Warranty] **NOW WITH NFC / Google Wallet** and the Hyperion Samsung Galaxy S4 Extended Battery HoneyComb Matte TPU Case / Cover  for the enlarged battery and Door. This case performed great for 2 weeks, then the GLUE just stopped holding the seams together for all stress points on the case. I bought mine from  DeCi Accessories. I cannot recommend this case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It is exactly the size of a USB memory stick with a lanyard attached. Read, small, very small. The USB cap is attached to the charging wire, an excellent design.Oh does it work perfectly. Combine this with anAPC UPB10 Mobile Power Pack for charging mobile devicesbattery, and you've got one heck of a charging device.Yes this thing is way too expensive. But darn it, I'm charing my very expensive Nokia phone with it (N95).Nokia N95-3 Silver/Bronze Phone (Unlocked) North American VersionHappy I bought this. The Amazon seller - Antonline - not exactly a speedy rabbit.Now I have to figure out how not to lose this device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This little product is awesome !!I use it with my unlocked Nokia 95-3 and Nokia 800 Internet Tablet to charge them from my Apple MacBook. It charges even when it is in sleep mode.It is tiny and extremely convenient.The price is high, but for the convenience and function it provides it is worth it. I was not able to find any cheaper similar products offered by third parties. This is the real thing from Nokia.I now no longer need to carry any bulky, ugly, power bricks with me to keep charged up. All I need is this little gem. Very nice Nokia !"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had 5 bluetooth headsets so far. Jabra was the first one I got, and now I'm back for Jabra. I had problem with it for a while; it kept dropping signals. I tried to update the firmware and now it's all good. I like the fact that customers can do their own maintenance.I'm very comfortable with the wearing, and I have no idea why some people complained--they might have special ear shape or size...I'm using it mostly as a stereo headset and the sound quality is quite acceptable. The only concern is its battery is not long as my other sets, it lasts about 5 hours when listen to music."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered 3 of them, 2 of them came without an issue, but the 1 that had problem, it got very very difficult to get it replaced, the company I ordered from told me to go to Jabra directly, at Jabra website, after entering all the info as per requested, they simply send me an email to how to resolve it and after trying that and notify them again via email (no phone #), and I've asked for an exchange and again, they replied to ask me to do the same process again, it's never ending. Bad customer service."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "All I really care about in a right-now-immediate way is calls.  Texts, and even weather emergencies can wait ten or fifteen minutes for me to check my phone again.  I have tiny wrists, and hate wearing stuff on my wrists anyway.  This I have on a lanyard when it's not in my ear, and it does the job perfectly (OK, I have a FitBit, too).  Vibrating with caller ID is all I *need.* I'm happy to wait out these first few (really) dry runs of smartwatches until Sony, Pebble, Samsung, Qualcomm, Apple (in 2018) and/or Martian finally get it right."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "There are a lot of options when it comes to styluses. This is a great short lived stylus. I was looking for something other than the cheap rubber tipped styluses that are everywhere and this one worked great for a while. The tip is rubber covered with  mesh, it's size is nice being much longer than other styluses out there giving it a more comfortable and natural fit in your hand.. And don't get me wrong it works great, it slides across the screen nicely without leaving smudges or marks, but the mesh cover over the tip comes apart or will rip over time, I have purchased 3 over a matter of a few months and finally upgraded to a Wacom. Which I'm still not overly happy with."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product is silky smooth on touch screens. I'm comparing it to an Amazon Basics rubber tipped stylus. it has several &#34;tethering&#34; options, which is a nice feature. It is a bit longer than the AB and seems to be of a heavier gauge aluminum tubing. It has a nice &#34;&#34;heft&#34; to it. A slightly thicker diameter too. The fiber mesh just glides smoothly over my ereader screen AND over the anti glare screen protector. No problems with conductivity through the screen protector either. I've only had it several days but seems like a well made product. We'll see how well it will last. Over all I'm happy with my purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The only reason I gave four stars rather than five is because I've only used it for a couple of weeks and therefore am unable to comment on durability.  However, the material on the tip seems very durable and I've noticed no wear after about two weeks of probably 45 minutes per day use.  I do a lot of news reading on my iPad.  It works very well with my iPad and I periodically use it with my phone (Droid Max).  If I lose this one or wear it out, I will buy another.Suggestions:  Make the tip retractable or provide a tip cover to help keep dirt of it when not in use.  If possible, provide a model with a smaller diameter tip."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the stylus, it feels like it's built well, not super light and not super heavy. I'm not fond of all the different types of attachments that it comes with. I mean really who needs a plastic springy thing on it. Well to each their own I guess. Only 2 things I'd change 1) the clip. It hasn't broken off, but it just feels like it will and 2) I wish they made a smaller end to it, It'll be great for surfing but for hand writing, I'm not so sure."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm really enjoying my new Kill A Watt monitor because for the first time I can see exactly where and how I'm utilizing power in my house and make a direct correlation back to my monthly bill. The monitor is very easy to setup as well as to move from outlet to outlet in the house. The only thing that's a little bit of a pain is that for some reason it's very difficult to unplug a plug from it. These really should be given out for free from all power companies because it's such an invaluable tool. Now I know exactly what I need to do in order to bring down my power bill. Love it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like these power meters, but some of them are not very accurate. I have tried 3 P4460s and several of the cheaper models and found that one of the P4460s read 86 watts when it should have been 80. That's off by 7.5% and is way out of spec according to the manual (which says it is suppose to have .5% to 2% accuracy). I am returning that unit (the replacement I bought reads 83 watts which is better). Some of the other units were off too, but not by as much. Otherwise this is a nice unit but could include an optional short power cable which makes it much easier to handle and use. I like the fact that this unit does not lose readings when power is lost."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This one is not accurate. I have compared it against several high quality meters at work, and the 4460 is always off, but often by a different direction or a different amount.I miss the display in amps the older model had. It was very useful for determining circuit loads in cases where an amp clamp was not convenient.It also hogs both outlets of a standard duplex receptacle, so the other one is covered and unusable. (Yes, a pigtail would help)I e mailed the company twice about the inaccuracy and inconsistency, and did not receive a reply.It became more and more inaccurate and finally died."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Really nice device to keep track with your power consumption.  Easily allows one to see all information at the push of a button to see how much a device is costing you per hour, day, week, month and year.  Highly recommend.  Found out the Keurig coffee maker pulls more watts at a given time than the cloths iron does.  Very interesting to see what items are energy hogs and which aren't.  Plus it is a nice way to make sure that the energy saving items are really energy saving.  A CFL rated at 9 watts actually only pulled 9.1 watts which is within specs tolerance.  If you are a gadget minded person, you will love this device.  Hardest part of using this device was finding out what your energy cost is in your own area as this must be kept under lock and key if you don't have a utlity bill laying around to show you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Not bad, I had one of the knock off brands of this, Chicago Tools one from Harbor Freight and this was about the same in accuracy except it obviously has all the features of storing all the data on how much total electricity that devic you plugged in used and estimated cost based on the cost per KW you enter in.  Pretty nice device, yes it sucks that the outlets get taken up when you plug it in, but its not like you need it on there for ages, you just need to see for a short period of time how much power that particular device is using and then take it off.  Since purchasing this, I now have a whole house monitoring system (TED 5000) and love it.  I use this now to monitor any single device on demand when I need to."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm mainly playing around with this device, testing how much my appliances use.So far I have not tested anything that used more than 350W, in all instances did the meter provide reasonably accurate results.I did not test many of the extra feats this device has, as I am only interested in the power draw of certain devices.Pro's:- It does what it supposed to do and moreCons:- The display is not back lit,making it hard to read the results in dark places.I bought it reasonably expensive, but they go now for just over 25, which is a good price!It is more accurate than reading from the electric box (from the electric company) outside your home, which would show 80W as 0.08kW, and would not be able to differentiate between 10 or 14 watts."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This perform as advertised.  You plug it in, push a few buttons and it'll tell you how much juice the device(s) are sucking up.  Whether it's a single item or a surge suppressor, it'll tell you all the consumption details you need.  Plug in the cost per kWh and you've got the total cost per the elapsed time.  Calculations are there if needed as well to calculate day, month costs.As other reviews had mentioned the small text is hard to read without proper lighting and angle.  You can get used to the pattern so there would be no need to look at the small text once you get used to it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Yes - I use this about once ever two months...The latest case - I compared the Blendtec Blender which consumed 1546 watts on max while making a smoothie and then compared my old Ninja 1100 (rated for 1100 watts) but it only consumed 320 Watts on max!!! That is why it can't break down seeds and it SUX!!!I also detected that the ninja uses 2 watts while plugged in and off but the blendtec uses 0w.  Very handy device and it is a must for all that care about saving energy and giving our world a future."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This device works great and is simple to use. I've had it for a week, and have tested almost every appliance and electronic device in the house - and there were LOTS of surprises. My only reservation is that the display is only visible when the device is plugged in so, in any location where you can't see the display, you typically need to plug it in again in elsewhere to view the result. The low-energy display it uses could easily be kept visible for a minute or two with a button battery, which would last for years in this application. I'm saving my last star for that feature!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The product works fine and for the money is a good deal, however, the plastic faceplate on mine fell off (a little scotch tape did the trick)and it would be easier to use if it had a backlight. That being said, it's probably just the glue on this one that went bad on the face plate because the other four of them my company has have had no such problem. The lack of a back light though, makes you need to use a flashlight when you use it in tight quarters or under desks. I'd gladly pay another $5 -$10 if it had a backlight. Good devive though and pretty fast when you use it right. Not hard to learn either.Wayne"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm a road warrior who logs a LOT of time traveling.  I've abused this thing in every airport from EWR to LAX and it has performed as advertised to date.  No clip failures, magnetic latch is reliable, it hasn't loosened up significantly and appears to offer pretty good protection for my beloved Crackberry.  The RIM 'holster' function works fine so obviously the phone is sensing the magnet correctly and going into holster profile exactly as it should.  It's your basic black, boring holster that you'll see on 10,000 traveling businessmen in any airport in America (me included).  If that fits your needs, can't go wrong with it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very good device, Easy to use and set up, fit is comfortable, sound quality is very good, and stand by /talk time are great, I have had a few other bluetooth ear pieces that fit better but sound was poor, longer stand by and talk time, but I figuerd if I was on the phone that long I need to re think my life, when I first purchsed it because of it's size I thought I would loose it, year and a half later my dog chewed it, Great device for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I purchased the Jawbone bluetooth headset I was expecting good things.And though the headset is a little more cumbersome to put on than I'd prefer, and it's a little too \"clunky\" (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars), the sound quality - both receiving and transmitting is terrific!  Even with a lot of noise going on (like when I'm on my motorcycle), the sound is incredibly sharp.Now, I see that they have a new version out, and if they'd like to send me one, I'd be more than happy to see what changes Aliph has made, but I'm very pleased with the one I have."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best BT of the iPhone that I have found.  I have tried 6 different BT devices tis year and this is the best one s far.I wear the BT 8 to 10 hours a day without any discomfort.I have hearing loss from being routinely exposed to loud noise levels while in the US Army (The M-16 m4 makes a loud bang when fired), but I have no problem hearing with this device, even when diving with the windows down.The BT device comes with different pieces that attach around your ear (2 for the right ear and two for the left ear) and several different ear cushions that sit in your ear.  It fits so well, I forget that the jawbone is in my ear.The call quality is excellent according to my spouse.The reason for only four stars is the buttons, while only two, are hard to press.  Other than that small problem, this is a great BT headdest."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this charger for over three years and it still works like a charm. Love that I can plug dual items into it while I am driving and it's great for long road trips when you need to plug in multiple things at one time. Would highly recommend it to anyone looking to charge ANYTHING that takes a USB port. Description says iphone 5, 5S, and 5C, but I've plugged in all sorts of things that have a USB charger and it works great.Worth the money!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is not one of those compact designer USB car charger things - but I like it and it does a good job. It feels nice - not like cheep plastic.It takes my iPhone 4S and my Jawbone Bluetooth device at the same time and charges them just as you would expect.The reviews on some of the compact designs did not fill me with confidence. I would prefer it to be smaller - but I would rather it was reliable.If the reliability changes I will update the review. So far so good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "this is a great product for multiple devices in a vehicle that only has one port, i recommend it to anyone looking for extra ports in an older vehicle...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a cheap way of charging any device that will charge via a regular USB port. I have used it in my car for several months without a problem.  It did a fine job with my AT&T; Tilt phone and my iPod.Before you invest in this or any other standalone USB charger, you should make sure that your device will charge via USB cable alone.  Many phones (Motorola Razr is one) these days have what looks like a standard USB connection but require special software or adapters before they will charge.I got this for about $5 or $10 at Wal-Mart.  Great investment."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased one about 5 months ago and I love it!  I have only had one time where I had to take it off and use the handset because someone couldnt hear me, but I think the battery was running low.My husband complains a little that he can hear all the background noise in my car while I am driving with this headset, but if my voice is clear and if I can hear clearly, I sure dont mind!A girl in my office has one, and loves it - she drives all the time for work.  I just bought one for my husband and he sound great on it!Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset works pretty well with good noise canceling, but it won't stay attached to my ear so the part that rests on my face loses contact.  At most it will stay on my head for 10 minutes. I find myself repeatedly twisting the thing back into place.  The second one I got (the first was missing parts) came apart when I tried to unplug it from the charging cable. Jawbone does not seem to offer any other buds (not even spares) so I just ordered some Acoustibuds in the hope that I can actually use it. If they don't work I will try a hack I saw with a Jabra eargels product - that involves cutting up the supplied earbuds and gluing the eargels to the locking piece. I will update this review once I get it to work (or not)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Beware that there are two different products shown in the Amazon product pictures as of 8/19/2013. I purchased and review only the round one with corner and bottom openings. From my experience, China-origin venders of this kind of products often ship very different items from what are shown in Amazon product pages.Prior to this, I had tried 3 similar holsters which died in a few weeks to months. But his product has been lasting very long with trusted reliability.Now after 3-1/2 years, though my iPhone has been upgraded from 3GS to 4S, I am still happy with the holster and I went abroad with them several times with confidence. But aging is an inevitable process and the holster now looks very worn. I plan to buy an exact replacement if I can find a trustful vender."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very well constructed leather carrying case for the iPhone.  You can attach this to your belt and have the headset plugged in at the same time.  The case is tight, well designed and protects the iPhone while in the case.  The case is very tight at first, because it is leather, but will stretch slightly.  You cannot fit anything other than an iPhone (meaning no extra protective sleeve) in the case.Only complaint I have is that the iPhone has to be placed in a specific direction in order for the headphone jack to be useable.  I wish it was constructed so that the jack could be used no matter which way the iPhone was placed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My old charger didn't do anything for my Evo 4G - after 40 minutes of driving, the battery was maybe 1-2% higher.  This new charger (rated 950mA instead of 500) actually charges the monster Evo 4G - Even using GPS w/ Google Maps navigation and talking, the battery was fully charged at the end of that same 40 minute commute.The cable is a decent length too, and pretty flexible.Had to take off 1 star because the blue motorola \"M\" is waaayyyy tooooo bright at night, especially when all the other lights in my vehicle are orange/amber.  Nothing that a little black duct tape couldn't fix though..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After reading all of the reviews, most of the other cases seemed a lot sketchier to me (reviews were very mixed).  I figured it was worth the extra few dollars to get a great one that I knew would work well (this was getting great reviews).  I didn't want to have to deal with trying to return a cheap $3 charger to some random company and risk that it would put my Droid on the fritz.  The extra few bucks was great for peace of mind.  It works perfectly and charges pretty fast.  No issues and love it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this adapter because my HTC Rezound is a power hog, and my other cigarette adapter chargers couldn't charge my phone fast enough.  This charger pumps out the power, more than enough to keep my phone fully charged no matter how many things I'm doing at the time.  I can have it docked and displaying GPS information with the screen at full intensity while on a phonecall using my bluetooth headset, and this charger does the job.pros:  Powers the most amp-hungry devices without a hiccup.  Solid construction, thick cable.cons:  The adapter end is quite large.  The end glows bright neon blue when plugged in, which can be rather distracting at night in a darkened vehicle."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I originally purchased one of these a couple of years back when I got a new cell phone and needed a car adapter that was brand specific and a little bit more attractive than the ones in line at the grocery store ;) I was amazed at how much better it was than all of my other micro-usb adapters/chargers. It definitely charges more quickly than most generic chargers ever will, the light, while obvious, is not distracting like some have suggested, and the thing lasts 10 times longer than any other charger I've used. I purchased this one for a friend who needed a car charger...and I've purchased more than 8 so far and currently have been running the same two in my personal car with ZERO issue for over 4 years.It's cheaper than ANY charger you'd buy at your wireless store and only barely more expensive than the cheap generic chargers you can find (that often are loose in the socket or the phone) and I'm glad I made the switch"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this charger for over a year, it gets very light use and it stopped working. What happens is the microUSB connector doesn't make good contact and we have to wiggle and finagle the cable to get it to work and even then it only works for a few seconds, until you hit a bump and the cable vibrates and loses its connection. I've had the same issue with mini usb to micro usb adapters from Motorola - bought half a dozen of them and none of them work reliably. I won't buy a motorolla micro usb connector again. The media bridge cables are the best, they feel like they click in when you connect them, very solid. Motorola? Not so much."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After reading the various reviews, I got this car charger for my Samsung Galaxy S phone and it charges wonderfully.  I also tried this on the Samsung Galaxy S II as well and it charges well too.  None of my devices got hot after charging.  The charger is also built well and will last a long time in normal use of connecting and disconnecting.  Having the coiled wire is also nice keeping it from getting tangled.  Pay attention to the current draw on your device.  This charger, if used with an adapter, could charge an iPhone or iPod; however, it will not charge an iPad/iPad2.You can't beat it for the price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased the Motorola P513 Vehicle Power Adpater to replace the original Verizon car micro/USB charger that I purchased with my Motorola Droid and Palm Pre.  I have no use for the regular USB slot that is on the top of adapter and pretty much thought the thing was bulky and an eye sore.  This power micro adapter is slimmer, lightweight and the cord is just the perfect length.  The soft blue glowing \"M\" is pretty neat too.Call me silly, but I was worried that the center blue light would be made out of glass and was concerned if the sun hit it, it might start a fire.  I was happy to find out that it is made of a lightweight beveled plastic instead.Besides using it to charge my cell phones, I can also use it to charge my GPS system and bluetooth headset also requires a micro USB.Great buy under $10 dollars - highly recommended!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this charger for my Droid X, and it works just fine. I've been using this charger regularly for over 6 months with absolutely no problems. The cord is just long enough that I can talk on the phone while in the driver seat with the phone plugged into the adapter. Some people might find it more comfortable to find one with a longer cord, but good luck finding one for such a good price. The light on this charger is very very bright blue, which I find kind of hurts my eyes when I'm driving in the dark, but that's not a big deal to me."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a Samsung Galaxy S3, and I have a total of 4 chargers (including the wall charger that came with the Galaxy S3). This is by far the best car charger I have ever owned. Two reasons: (1) It charges seemingly as fast a the factory wall charger from Samsung; and (2) it is very well built. It is light, but you can tell by the feel its quality. The performance is excellent. Additionally, the cord is long enough to actually use the phone while it charges in the car.The fact that I spent less than $7 for this seems incredible. This charger works better than the Samsung (OEM) car charger that I own and paid over $20 for."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This seems to be a great charger - when it works. It seems to work fine with my wife's Tracfone - a Motorola EX124G but would not charge my Tracfone - an LG 500G... so I'm reducing the rating by one star. I suspect the blame may lie more on the LG phone side, but I am still disappointed that I need another charger to charge my LG phone.By the way, I highly recommended buying from a reputable retailer to make sure you get the real thing. I bought mine from Amazon."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great charger for almost any phone.  I purchased it for my wife's Samsung S3, but permanently borrowed it for my car after my failed purchase with the Samsung Official OEM Car Charger for your Galaxy S2 Phone.  See my review on the Samsung OEM charger for more details.The charger quickly powers your phone and looks good while doing it.  Motorola gave it a sleek design that lights up blue when the charger is ready.  The cord is long enough for mid size or smaller vehicles to keep it plugged in while using the Navigation app on your phone.  If you have a Samsung Galaxy S2 or S3 and need a back up or replacement car charger, I highly recommend this purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have no idea if this is a real Motorola product or a great copy.  Either way, it is incredibly well made and works.  I refused to pay the rip off prices at my local cellphone shop, and the pices at Walmart and Target weren't much better.For less than $5 I got a well made item that works very well.  I'm not sure yet how rapid of a charger it really is, but it works.  That's all I care about.I highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Not much to say other than since this is a genuine name-brand high quality charger, you aren't apt to fry your device or slowly destroy the innards with a low-grade poorly regulated charger.  This one charges about as quickly as I've seen a car charger do its job, has a very nice decently long cord, seems well constructed, and doesn't leave me worrying about how much shorter the life expectancy of my phone is going to be if it doesn't get fried in the meantime.  I do expect that this is going to outlast the junk I've purchased in the past for $2-3.  Surprisingly, this isn't that much more expensive than those, so there is no reason to skimp on that $1-2."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought this car charger through amazon it works great and looks stylish, when plugged in the middle lights up with a blue motorola symbol, when off it is see through.  I wanted a motorola charger since I had just purchased the new motorola droid X2 and verizon sells an off brand for 29.99 so this was great for a few dollars and motorola branded.  Was skeptical cause of price, but since amazon selling I felt more confident with purchase, glad I did!  Saved 25 dollars from verizon cost and it looks good lit up at night, reccomend highly!  By the way this is compatible with droid x1 or x2 and probally others but the x's for sure."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have bought a few cheaper ones in the past, and they never last very long.  Cheaper ones have wiring that doesn't hold very well (shorts out very easily), or the tips that  plug into your phone or bluethooth headset,  wear out because of the thiner metal tips (they bend and wont hold snugly).THIS IS A GENUINE MOTOROLA CHARGER.YOUR PAYING A LITTLE MORE,  BUT YOUR GETTING QUALITY!I bought this as a replacement for another purchased just like it, only because their is a blue \"M\" that lights up when plugged in attracted a thief and my car was left unlocked.  If you car outlet gives you power even if the car is turned off, unplug yours and lock your doors.THIS IS A GREAT CAR CHARGER FOR ANYTHING THAT HAS A MICRO USB PLUG."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "With a new Mtorola Razr Maxx in my Verizon shopping cart, I was put off by the high prices for chargers and charger \"bundles\" so over to Amazon I came.Found this one here and have had no problems at all with it. The 12v plug fits snugly, the mini-usb fits the phone just right and that cool blue circle just looks great when running in the car.What can I say, the packaging looks pretty authentic for an OEM part, but my field is not in copyright infringement, so what do I know? :-)I really didn't expect to be impressed by the way a car charger looks, but it's really a nice piece of design work and the round piece at the end gives you something to grasp when removing it from the socket. And what a price! I would advise you to go for it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My husband & I were sharing one car charger between two cars.  This plan was not working out so well.I bought this because I have a Motorola phone and wanted to make sure it would be compatible. In reality...I just wanted the glowing blue circle.The charger does work quickly!  I've had no problems charging my Atrix HD. It is a micro USB charger so it also fits my husband's Samsung Galaxy3, my son's Nokia Lumia, and I've used it to charge the Kindle Fire.Works fast. Looks good.  Excellent buy.  I've had it since early August and there have been no issues.  I do keep it in my vehicle and it doesn't get moved around or handled very much. I'm not sure if that makes a difference but wanted to note it now in case there are problems in the future.  It is used at least 5 days per week."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this item to replace that generic Car charger that verizon sells to you as part of a bundle. Their bulky model is supposedly good for ALL micro usb phones yet it doesn't really secure in the slot very well.After receiving this Motorola adapter, not only does it seem to fit more securely for my phone. it even has a more illuminating status indicator to tell you if its charging/working or not. And given that my phone is a droid Motorola razr, you can literally feel how secure it is when charging vs the flimsy plastic junk verizon sells you.This item is well worth it for the price and purpose."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The only reason I rated it with 4 and not 5 stars is because I ordered one and had to get it replaced because it wasn't working within a couple weeks. However, the most recent one, I've had for months and it's still going strong.  Charges much faster than the other chargers I've ordered over the years.  That circle shines a bright blue light, which is kind of neat, but a little distracting in the car at night.  But over all, quite good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Not much to say about this product except that it works exactly as it's supposed to. I have an HTC Inspire 4G and it works great with it, as it should with any Micro-USB device. The blue glowing Motorola logo is neat looking, but also makes the product bigger than needed...not a downside just figured I should mention it. I would reccomend it as a vehicle charger for anyone with a micro-usb device, especially someone with a smart phone since their battery life usually is not so great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I saw reviews for this product saying it wasn't Motorola etc. but mine definitely was. Yes it came in bulk packaging but it had all the paperwork and warranty information. I guess those users must have ordered from a different vendor. It is engraved along the front with \"Motorola\" and has the M on the round part.As for functionality, I've noticed that this charges my HTC Incredible 2 very fast in my car and the blue light matches the accents in my Mazda6! Love this little guy and it's a great price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Motorola P513 Car ChargerThe P513 is a micro-USB car charger that works on the Droid, Droid2, and DroidX. I can't figure out a way to change the inline fuse (if there is one), but it is cheap enough to be used as a disposable car charger. The blue LED-lit Motorola logo is a nice touch, as well as the wire tether that is included.Pros: Gets the job done at a great price, looks greatCons: Doesn't appear to be an easy way to change the fuse (if any) - but it is not a big dealOverall: 5/5 stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would be quite content with summary like that...This thing has a few months of track record by now. I am happy, in the dark it makes finding the cord really easy because of that big blue illuminated eye... I have had so many crappy chargers I bought 2 different ones at the same time in case it dies prematurely, have not even tried the other one yet. It also fits snugly in the phone socket, and the backside of the plug is labelled with a shiny sticker, so you are not trying to force it the wrong way, eventually killing one or both of them... Little thing like that... need to appreciate the thought - because every day it makes your life easier..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I needed a 5 Volt DC power supply that could be powered from a 12 Volt battery or other 12 V DC power source. This fit the bill nicely and inexpensively. Clipped the connector off and used my own connector and off to the races it went. My DVM measured 4.99 V loaded at 600 mA and 5.01 Volts unloaded so I am pleased as punch. Plus the temperature rise is only a few degrees indicating good efficiency. Interesting packaging with the Motorola logo lit with a blue led. Might mention the two leads inside the insulated wire (one red, other black) are stranded wire of about 20 guage so I can see how flexing the cable at the connector when attached to a device in an auto might cause an intermittent break. A little duct tape or heat shrink tubing at the connector might not look pretty but should keep the wire from stressing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great charger with a bit longer cord which I really like! I bought one of the just wireless car chargers from Walmart for about $10 and thought I was getting a steal. I plugged it in and it made my phone reboot! Probably from a short, but never the less, I bought this charger and it works like a gem! My only complaint is that it does stick out pretty far (unnecessarily far) but for $3.xx I can't complain. Also, I think it charges my phone quicker than the just wireless one (when my phone wasn't rebooting). :) Get it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a Samsung galaxy 2 Skyrocket and was looking for a rapid charger since the one I had quit working. I knew this was the same micro-USB power Adapter as my Samsung, but everytime I plug this in my phone it seems to open up the accuweather app and plus I have my digital clock on my lock screen set to display on top and it puts it on the bottom of my lock screen. In order to put it back on top I have to turn off the phone and thats what this charger doesn't do. It automatically reboots it instead of turning it off completely. I know that's not a bad thing but I like it to turn off completely. The only cool thing is the blue Motorola emblem lights up in the middle to indicate it's on. Gonna try to find my old charger and buy that when I find it. I'm assuming that the electronics in this charger is geared toward Motorola only."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this charger not for a Motorola but for a Dell Venue Pro (just another micro usb device) and it works perfectly, charges when in use, etc...The charger lights up blue when plugged in which I kinda like, if that sort of thing bugs you then don't get this charger, although the price is great and it does what it claims to. Definitely recommend.In addition to the Dell Venue Pro I can confirm that this charges the Lumia 900, Lumia 520, Lumia 928, and my current Lumia 1020. I'm still using this charger several years later. It works very well!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have heard many fake copies of this charger.  To be safe, just order it off Amazon's own online store unless you know the other providers are reputable.The quality of this car charger is quite nice.  The twisted cable is a nice feature since it can be extended and will not dangle wildly in your car when it is in motion.  I also had another micro usb charger and it used to take forever for it to charger your phone.  The only thing I liked about my previous car charger is that you were able to connect a usb cable into the usb ports it provided but the time it took to charge your phone was not adequate for me."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I don't understand the bad reviews it's 6$ can't really complain if it last a few months or years. I own 4 now to be in multiple cars and so I can charge more then once device at a time. I am very happy with the price and product. Don't know why this product is so good and beats what you would pay 5 times more for at the store. Just shows how much we as a cosumer get ripped off. Alwasy buyer beware esspecially online. So I at least make sure it is shipped from and sold from Amazon Only so IF there is a problem it's easy to return or exchange."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is no ordinary charger, it supplies LOTS of power. Most chargers really do cheap out on the amperage.  This feeds my power-hungry HTC Thunderbolt beautifully.I tried doing all of the power-hungry stuff you can do, simultaneously: GPS, 4G, and access point on and maxed out by a connected computer. Even after all of this, it still managed to charge after a long time. The phone got plenty hot.The first one I got only worked for a day.  Got a completely free one shipping paid for both ways."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This charger is decent. It works, which is what's important. But some of the features are fairly annoying, which most people can accept, given the low price of the unit, and the convenience of a coiled wire.First off, the unit is large. the plug head is massive, and unsightly. It's basically sticking an advertisement for Motorola into your car, who wants that?Second, the price you pay, you can easily afford a dual-usb socket, which while meaning you'd have to provide your own USB cables, means you can charge two items at once, and it's not in your way as those sockets are relatively tiny.Third, the item emits a blue light, that illuminates the center plastic piece. This is unnecessary to me, and is actually an eyesore, as the blue can be distracting while you drive at night."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is by far the best charger I can find for a car. It's durable and has high output. The only beef I have is that obscene Motorola logo. It's pretty but bright as hell on night driving. They could have just tinted the plastic or used a dimmer led. I took both of mine apart and used black nail polish on the bulb. The light is so bright that now it still shows as an almost ultraviolet glow. Its much more bearable but you shouldn't have to alter a product out of the box. Otherwise I've been very please with this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought two of these to charge my htc sensation. I have used both stock and aftermarket chargers. I got these because my old one broke at the micro-usb end. This has been really durable, especially at the micro usb end, where these chargers usually tend to fail. The added bonus to this one is that it charges the phone a lot faster than standard chargers. I find that a 1900 mAh battery charges from 0-100% in about an hour and a half. Most of my old/other chargers take a little over two hours. On a daily basis I find that it charges from 50% in about 35-45 mins."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this item from Amazon (not a 3rd party) and was surprised to get a full retail package.The plug design looks very cool, in my humble opinion. However, the Motorola logo makes the plug needlessly long. If you don't have much clearance where you're going to plug this in, you might want to consider a different brand.Also, the Motorola logo glows blue whether it's connected to a phone or not. If your car doesn't automatically cut power to your outlet when you turn off your car, you could attract thieves.Other than those minor issues (luckily, neither of which impact me), this cord is great. The design is fresh, and the entire thing is built with the quality you'd expect from a company like Motorola. I'm using it to charge myNokia N900, and it works flawlessly. On a 45 minute commute, I can go from >25% charge to 100% with Bluetooth enabled."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Item is \"as described\" as of 12/2010. No where does it say it is bulk packaging or retail packaging. Item arrived in 3 days in bulk packaging exactly like j. raftery's picture. Having owned this exact item 3 years ago, I am led to believe this is a genuine motorola item. Markings, feel, quality of coil cord, and genuine motorola accessory hologram sticker on tip of plug seem to be like my old one. Great price (around $5) and it works (HTC Incredible). I would recommend this item."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Okay so it works like any other charger, it still take the same amount of time to charge it has a cool look I was expecting more but hey how much more can you get out of a car charger. It took a some time to get to me plus it was not good on updating me on the tracking. So those are my negatives here are my positives..... I did get the product within the time adviced, it will charge up my phone and it has a cool blue look. Thats all I can give ya. Will still continue business with this company but will make sure to investigate comments before buying."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "PROS:--Plugs into your phone (my Galaxy Note 2) very securely. The metal tip of the plug is longer and thinner than most plugs, allowing the plug to reach all the way into charging port, even if you have a protective cover on your phone.--Plug does not fall out of phone, even when phone is sitting in a vertical docking station, and the roads are bumpy. This is great.  It snaps in with confidence.--Long cord so you can talk while charging.--Has cord hook so you can make it half as long when not using.--Big, visable blue light to ensure it's plugged in to lighter. Light is pleasantly subtle.--Truly from Motorola.  Not some fake \"Motorola\"CONS:It doesn't taste all that good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I searched and searched for an affordable car charger for my new Samsung Galaxy S3 and then I stumbled on this one. I read the reviews to see if anyone tried it with an S3 and I saw quite a few positive reviews. I bought it for less than $5 and gave it a try. It worked great and charged my phone pretty quickly, even while using GPS and streaming music. I think that this device puts out about 950 mah, which is adequate for most phones. One of the reasons it works so well is because my phone detects it as an AC charger allowing for a better and faster charge. Plus, this device looks nice and lights up blue when plugged in. I would definitely recommend it. I actually just bought a second one because I like it so much."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am using this vehicle charger in a work provided Astro van. I purchased this after my upgrade to a Samsung Galaxy SII. I originally bought cheap cig lighter to USB adapters, but one of them popped a fuse on the Astro. I threw it away and bought this higher quality device. When it is receiving power from the car the round end where the cable attaches to glows a soft blue color. The cord has a built in simple management system. the two ends of coiled area snap together. It bundles the cord a little and helps to keep it out of the way, not by a lot, but a little, and every little bit helps in a car. The power output is lower than wall charger provided by Samsung, but adequate. After the cheap adapter blew a fuse, I decided not to put something in the work van that could damage the van further and I believe this is a quality product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had a lot of trouble finding a charger that will do anything but hold the battery steady on my AT&T; Captivate (a Samsung Galaxy S phone) while being used for GPS and with the screen on.. and finally, this one does it. It also does not present itself as a real USB device (many chargers show up as a \"connected computer\"), which is great.Only downside for me is the fixed cord (can't substitute cords for other devices), but for the cost of this, it's well worth one per car."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this originally for my Sprint Evo 3D.  It does exactly what it should, and feels like a quality product.  I originally bought an el cheapo cigarette lighter charger online, and it fell apart after 5 months of light use.  This one feels much more sturdy than any I have ever owned.  Also, at night, gives a cool blue effect from the lighted up part.  It's not really bright, so it won't affect your driving/blind you at night.  The cable is very long, so you don't have to worry about it being too short.  Great product.  I recently purchased the Sprint Samsung Galaxy S3 and it works perfectly with it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for my Samsung Epic 4G (the 1st gen Galaxy S, not the new Epic 4G Touch) since the genuine Sprint charger I bought would not charge properly. It feels nice and sturdy and I have it plugged into a socket hidden inside my center console so the light doesn't bother me. It works great charging my Epic 4G. If it goes low enough again I might buy a spare.Update 1-2-2012:After 5 months of nearly daily usage in my car I'm happy to stay it's still running great. I bought a spare which I keep in my trunk for the day this one eventually dies, but since that hasn't happened I'm very happy and will definitely stick with this model for as long as I have micro-usb phones.Update 5-14-2012:Still working great! I haven't had any problems that I can remember."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My one apprehension with this charger was its size. It looked large in pictures, but the backlit clear window with the \"M\" logo looks so good, I don't mind the size. Best of all is that the charger provides nearly a full amp (measured >950mA on several occasions) of charge. Very fast charger at a great price!Update: MicroUSB port wore out after almost two years. I can jiggle it around and get it to charge every now and then, but for the most part it is finished."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I originally bought this for a Motorola phone, and when I upgraded to a Samsung, I decided to continue using it since the connector was the same. It worked perfectly. I've upgraded again, and it continues to work. It is a rapid charger, and I find that it does charge my phone more quickly than a regular charger. It has a sleek style, and I like the \"blue light\" that glows when the charger is powered. I've bought these for my wife and two sons (and none of us have a Motorola phone). But what I love most, is the PRICE (under $6 as of this review)!!! Verizon would charge me quadruple for a charger.[...]"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This charger is one of the fastest I have for my phone. Being a Micro B USB it will work with almost any smart phone. The spiral wound cord works well for the short distance in my car, but still is long enough for the chasm of my old Ford Truck as well. The only drawback that I've come across is that bright blue LED that can light up the whole car at night. It's very distracting while driving and I strongly suggest rotating the charger so the light is away from the driver's eyes."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've almost lost count as to how many of these I've purchased already -- I normally keep two in each car to not only charge, my HTC Sensation, but my work Blackberry as well. I've purchased more to make sure I can plug them into rental cars (as I'm prone to forget things here and there) and keep my devices charged.It's a simple adapter, with a glowing blue end - and does everything it has to!Make sure it's purchased from Amazon - too many other reviewers also complain about getting a knock-off product!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I had to get a new phone I needed a different car charger. The store charged thirty five bucks so of course I said no. I knew Amazon would have it for cheaper and was I ever right. I paid a lot lot less with no shipping and handling. WHAT A DEAL!! Of course it works just as it should. I learned a long time ago to only buy Motorola accessories. The after-market companies products never seem to last. So if you're thinking about getting a car charger then I suggest getting this one. Even if you think you'll never need one, for the price it's worth keeping one in the glove box for emergencies. (Do they still call them glove boxes?)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The best!! No other description needed. I have ordered seven of these. Five for myself and a couple for a friend. The only problem I've had is keeping them for myself. Borrowed one to a coworker and rather than return it, he gave me a $10 bill instead. Another was stolen from my company vehicle. I keep one in every vehicle and one in my lunch box. Never had one fail or have had to wiggle the micro USB end to get it to work like all the el-cheapo ones I had before. For the price Amazon sells them, you can order five of them and select Free Super Saver Shipping and it'll still be cheaper than going to a big box store or one of the carriers retail outlets where it'll cost you $30 for the same unit or anything comparable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Car chargers: one thing I really hate buying. I go into the cell phone store and they want a small fortune for one. If you purchase online you absolutely have no idea what you are getting. This charger is a diamond in the rough. It works great and charges my Droid 2 very quickly. It works so great I bought one for my wife. The blue light is a bit bright at night but nothing to take a star off. The light is low drawn power and it does not get hot at all so I just leave it plugged in all the time. Oh yeah, it got here lightning quick too."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am using this device on my Samsung Fascinate:I liked my first one so much, I ordered two more. One for each car, and one to carry with me (I'm a professional driver, and use lots of different vehicles).Fortunately, the micro-USB interface is becoming quite common, so this also charges my wifes phone, and my bluetooth headset.As a bonus, it clearly lights up to let you know when it is getting power.  This is very handy, since not all vehicles give power when the vehicle is turned off."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have used so many car chargers for micro usb devices.  Many cheap made in china, chargers takes forever to charge the phone.  Some even do not fit well in socket, and some I had to position the charger to charge the phone.  In some charger cord came off from base charger and or micro usb end.After I invested money in this, it seems like solution of all problems.1. Durable cord, which I believe that will be fine during cold winter.2. Durable connections to base charger and micro usb end.3. Cool blue lamp which indicates charger is well connected in power socket.4. No problem with connecting and charging any micro usb phone.I liked it so much that I ordered second one to replace it in my second car!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I don't know much about amps, etc.  This item seems to work well on my Motorola Razr Maxx (because of the battery in the Maxx I am not that dependent on a car charger anymore. Yaay!!!)  But I wish the cord was longer.  I find that the pull of the cord (because it is short) makes it harder to talk while the phone is connected to the cord.  It is also too short when trying to use the vehicle phone dock.  I would rather deal with a bit of extra cord (say a 6ft. length) than have to tussle with a short cord."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Thank goodness for whatever committee decided to standardize on the micro-usb connector for power on so many portable devices.  This power port adapter (power port formerly known as Prince,oops, I mean cigarette lighter) will charge both my phones and both my tablets.  I get a warm fuzzy feeling in knowing it is a Motorola device as I have had positive experiences with Motorola equipment.  To top it off, it has a very cool blue light when it is charging.  So a free light show is included.  Nice charger at a very reasonable price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my second charger like this (lost my first one... then found it the day this new replacement charger came in... figures).  Both have worked well with a Moto Droid X and Moto Droid Razr Maxx.  It charges just fine, at about the same rate as the OEM stock charger, so I assume it is around a 1A charger (probably just below 1A).  I don't care for the length of this thing; however, it's worked better than other chargers I've had."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This USB charger really does work quicker than the one it replaced.  I'd bought a generic charger from Amazon some time ago and at some point it got crushed and broke apart.  The Motorola is just a bit bigger than most chargers, but the glowy blue circle is easy to grip and doesn't get in the way of my gearshift, which is actually a pretty important thing to know when you drive a stick.I've noticed it charges my Samsung Galaxy SIII fairly quickly--with it below 20% I might but close to the top in an hour or so.  The cord is long and the coiled nature even provides more stretch if you need it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It works really well. Callers say I sound clear, although they know they are on speaker, even when the car is quiet.  I'm very happy with it.I like that if I forget to turn it on, I can turn it on when my phone rings and it will answer the call after it powers up.I have a retractable usb cable connected to it all the time.  I have just under zero slack on the cable.  It's tucked behind the rear view mirror.  The cord is thin and barely noticeable.  Plus I can retract the cable away if I want a more elegant look with passengers in the car.I tried the music stream feature when I first got the unit and never tried it again. :-)  The sound isn't great so don't buy it for the music feature."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Just got this on 6/5/2011 - Great automotive Bluetooth FM transmitter for Music and Speaker Phone for my iPhone 3G. Charged it fully right out of the box and then started using it. My unit came with the car cigarette lighter charger and literature.  I used a standard mini-USB power charger that I had and that worked fine.  Car charger also works well. Sound quality is great for both phone calls and for music through the car stereo. Tonal quality is fine on the stock stereos in my cars. For a more critical listening test, I set the FM transmitter for my Home Theater Surround System and the music sounds great on that also (good imaging and tonal quality). The unit appears to be durably constructed and should last."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I found this headset very comfortable, with excellent audio quality, the few times it successfully connected to my Nokia phones.After working with BlueAnt tech support and trying it on two different phones, they admitted that they have a known issue with Symbian OS phones (most Nokia and some other smartphones) where the headset can be \"paired\" with the phone, but it does not connect reliably for incoming or outgoing calls. Phrases used by the tech included:\"[We] haven't got around the compatibility issues with Symbian phones.\"\"[this is a] known issue.\"and apparently there is a significant amount of discussion on the BlueAnt support boards (which he could not find during our call).NOT RECOMMENDED FOR SYMBIAN OWNERS as much as I would like to!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have mixed feelings about this headset.First the bad news: It can't handle any wind at all, even the slightest breeze kills the conversation.  Doesn't matter what setting I use, it's just awful.  Secondly it keeps dropping out of Bluetooth,  out of nowhere I get the descending tones that mean it's turning off, then it dies.  Afterwards I restart it and it's fine.  The speaker volume for the headset is pathetically low at it's highest setting: If you're hard of hearing you won't be happy with this.On the good side, it cancels out background noise wonderfully.  I've used it when I've been in a noisy car and while standing next to a noisy construction site and people could hear me just fine.I'm going to contact Blue Ant and see if they have any fixes for the problems and I'll update this post after that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is easily the best bluetooth headset I've used. I use a cell phone in my home office all day, and I need a headset that sounds very natural and as close to a land line sound as possible. This one delivers that, with very clear sound on both ends.  It's also the lightest one I've used, and it's very easy to wear it all day without discomfort. It also doesn't drop connections with the phone (a blackberry).  I've used a jawbone (sounds like it's a shortwave radio transmission), nokia bh-900 (clear but very uncomfortable for all day use), and a half dozen others in the last few years, and the others don't come close.  I also like that it comes with additional ear loops, but I doubt I'll need them since the earloop seems sturdier that the little wire loops most headsets come with, and I won't be carrying it in my pocket due to discomfort.Buy this one, you'll love it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this product to tether my lifeproof to me in the wave pool. I used it along with a lanyard to keep my phone on me the entire day. The quality is &#34;Good&#34; however I have seen better ones in the past. I would recommend this product for anyone who wants to tether anything with the ability to add a strap to it to anything else. This would also be useful for creating custom phone &#34;Jewels&#34;  (Those silly little things people attach to their phones just for looks)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It appears in the photo that these might be sturdy items to keep your flash/thumb drives in one handy place. Nothing's further from the truth. The &#34;thread&#34; is not much thicker than what you'd use to sew buttons with and the ring that you are led to believe will hold several items is barely 1/3&#34; in diameter. Furthermore, if you actually put a thumb drive on the ring, you'd need a pair of needle nose pliers to spread the ring apart, then forcefully close it back together. Yes, they are cheap and yes, there are several in the pack. But at over $8.00 in shipping (they come from Singapore), you can probably fashion a better thumb drive holder by using parts of old key chains. This is by far the worst purchase I've ever experienced on Amazon...who should be ashamed of themselves for selling such trashy junk.The jokes on me...I fell for the hype. Don't let that happen to you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have numerous amount of USB thumb drives which all have the little loop on them. However, do to cost cutting, they don't come with them any longer. So I decided to purchase some for myself. I have a USB drive that is thumb nail size. This one has the smallest loop of them all but with the help of a paperclip, i was able to get the strap in. This allows me to remove the drive from my PC with little trouble. They are not too long about 2 inches, so they are the perfect size The price for 10 wasn't much more than the price for 1, so it made sense and I have extra in case one breaks.Though the scheduled arrival date was a few weeks back from what I wanted but it did come within that time without an issue. All 10 appear to be in good shape and are not damaged upon arrival. They came in a small clear zip bag, within a large shipping envelope."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Thank you Halo Heaven great product for Little Girls.  My Great Grand Daughters Love these Tutu's.  Will buy more from this seller.  Made well and cute on the girls.  Thanks for a great product.NEVER BUY FROM DRESS UP DREAMS........I will buy more as long as I don't buy from &#34;Dress Up Dreams&#34;  I never rec'd or order in FL. Only rec'd pink, the purple one was missing.  Company is a rip off.  REFUSES to make good on purchase...... Real creeps."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Prompt delivery, and it is exactly as described.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I haven't washed it yet- so I don't know how it will hold up... Other than that my little girl LOVES her tutus (we got one in light pink also), especially spinning and running in them :)  She's on the little side, so my concern was that it would be too big, but the fit is perfect!  The elastic waist will expand with her as she grows."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, I admit it. I'm one of the millions of Americans that massively struggles with any language either than English. I have recently returned to college to finish out my Bachelors. The university I'm enrolled in requires two years of a foreign language. Ugh. Kill me. Kill me now. BUT with using Rosetta, I was not only able to get through my class without sounding and feeling like an idiot, but I actually got A's!! I never thought that was a possibility. I'm not ready to jet off to France or anything but I'm not a complete moron any more either. I'm calling that a huge success. Once this whole bachelors things is under my belt, I will be back to pick up the next level!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've never had french, learned french, or know anything about French. Now, however, I feel like I could do OK with a quick trip and to get around conversationally. Rosetta Stone is no substitute for deep immersion learning, but it's pretty useful as a tool to learn the basics.Pros:- Builds a LOT of vocabulary quickly- Helps understand what words mean by associating them with a concept, rather than translating- Internet community is pretty cool.Cons:- Doesn't focus on grammar at all- Level 1 doesn't contain a whole lot- It's obviously pretty expensive. I guess if you're *really* interested, it's worth it.For it's purpose, it is almost perfect software. You will feel confident with the basics after this."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bring French to life!If your child is taking their first year of French or you are ready to head off on vacation and want to learn the language yourself, Rosetta Stone is a great learning tool for you both!  Version 4 comes with the learning lessons, headset with mic, app to use with your iPhone or iPod Touch for on the go learning and access to a virtual community online for lessions, games and chat!  I really don't think you can ask for more from a product.My only regret is that I didn't know about this product sooner! I certainly would have bought it for each one of my children throughout their schooling! What a GREAT product for homeschooling as well!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Although I haven't kept up with the lessons as I should have, I have learned a lot of Italian with only the first level. I spoke some dialect, but have conjugation issues! This is most assuredly the best program I've used to learn Italian. I have the older version too, and I like the new audio-visual matching; it's different from the older version and moves a lot faster.With this version, you can move at your own pace a lot easier, and see your mistakes sooner, which is helpful.Not only does this have visual learning, and learning by audio, but also by speaking, and comparing your pronunciation to that of a native speaker, which I think is the most helpful part of the software. The way the teaching of the language is set up, is I believe, the closest to learning it naturally with native speakers. I highly recommend this software...grazie!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was thrilled to get the Rosetta Stone and be able to begin a lifelong desire to speak Italian!The software was very easy to load and use. The simple approach to learning a language as a child does was one terrific idea!I agree with other posters that to become fluent you will need to purchase more than just this level 1 program. However, this does allow you to learn some simple things and I do feel you could communicate enough to get your idea across.And, it is FUN to do! I'm enjoying it immensely!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to admit, I was more impressed by Rosetta Stone than I thought I'd be. I learned French the old fashioned way (four years in high school and more in college), so the idea of taking on a new language in a way I had never tried before seemed like an interesting alternative.It was a lot more enjoyable than I thought it would be. I have a smattering of Italian from my family, and this added to it when I began to recognize words I had never seen before, but only heard.It installed on my Mac with no problems. I had a few issues with the microphone, but if you google it (there is help online), I found a fix that worked with little effort.I can't say Level 1 of Rosetta Stone is going to make you speak like a native, but after sampling this, it really does make you want to go onto the next phase, if it's as painless as this was."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Exactly what i wanted as a gift for a friends 1st trip to europe.This is made from the soft kind of fabric that is comfortable to sleep with against your skin.Just the right amount of space to fit a passport and 2 additional sections of the same main pocket,for currency, credit cards, tickets, etc.It's important to get one like this that has no metal, so it can be worn through security check points,with metal detectors without the need to remove it.This is crucial as no one but you should know this is where the bulk of your important items are.The one main pocket is closed with a velcro strip.It also has a nice thickness to the cord and well chosen adjustment buckle for it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It gives you room to keep your passport (even in a leather passport coverAmerican Tourister Leather Passport Cover), credit cards, important papers, and even has room for some money, and keeps it in a secure place around your neck.  You can keep it tucked between your shirt and t-shirt for security and still get easy access to whatever you need in it.  It is of lightweight nylon construction that doesn't make you hot where you carry it.Don't travel without it!Pluses:Prime eligibleSmall, lightweight, but holds a good bit of 'stuff'Minuses:None at this time"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I recently used this neck stash on a two week trip to France.  It was wonderful!  I loved it at the airport and at train stations, especially.  It is so helpful to have my hands free yet my passport and bording pass (or train ticket) ready to pull right out instead of fumbling in a purse.  I also carried money and credit cards in it and in extremely crowded tourist areas (like the Eiffel Tower) I wore it under my shirt for extra security.  It's lightweight and the adjustable neck strap, when adjusted properly, makes this pretty unnoticeable under a shirt.  I love the different compartments, as this makes it easier to find what you're looking for right away."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "the last time i travelled i got one of the waist ones, and it was so annoying i never used it.  i haven't yet really used this one but i already feel much better about it.  i tried it out when i first opened the box when it came and wore it for a bit around my neck.  i don't like the toggle, but i doubled up the strap and tucked the toggle in the top flap of the stash and it works great.  i also wrapped it around my calf just below my knee to see if that would work too.  it worked just fine and i might wear it there when i wear my boots. i'm not sure if it really needs all those different departments, but that's ok. i don't think it's too big or too small."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Soft and really light.  Works really well and is very well thought out with 2 zippered pockets and an large Velcro pouch with 2 separate pockets.  I find this a very good arrangement.  Money in one zippered pocket and card and license in the other and the cell phone in the Velcro pocket. I also like the adjustment on the length of cord so you can wear it high or lower.  Not my everyday wallet as a full size Spec Op but this is great for days when more security is need or no pockets."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you're trying to connect two 50 lb suitcases together, this is not the strap to use. Look for the Travelon Multi-Bag Stacker, Black, One Size.This simple buckle and strap looks easy to use but it isn't. When you're in a hurry and you need to adjust the tension on this strap, you're fussing around with it in baggage claim. The Travelon Multi-Bag Stacker has extra \"tongue\" to quickly pull on (like a backpack strap) so you can clip, pull to tighten, and GO.This Lewis N Clark strap is good for light loads and smaller bags.  For larger ones, this one was a pain to use. You get what you pay for. Choke up the extra $5 and get the Travelon, you'll be glad you did."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very fast shipping!Inflates easily and stayed inflated well.The elastic harness Velcros, so it's safe and it's gives a small 1/4\" adjust-ability to their size.They do stick out quite a bit from the sides of the child, but I think it adds to the excitement for the child.a lot of fun, The material is the same as that as a blow-up pool, so there is some durability, but seriously you have to expect that it can easily be punctured just the same if you are not careful."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This jet pack is easy to inflate, and my son can put it on himself. I like that it's inflatable, so my son can wear it as long as he wants, and then when it's time to take off, I can just deflate it, fold it up, and put it in my purse. The only problem we've encountered is that it rides up pretty high on my son's back, above his shoulders, so he keeps pulling it down lower, but it won't stay. It's pretty durable for an inflatable. My son crashes into things, the dog has stepped on it, but it still works."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the jet pack for my 6 year old grandson for Halloween 2011 to go with his Buzz Lightyear costume.  Unfortunately, when we blew up the jet pack the day before Halloween and my grandson wore it for about an hour, it began to deflate quickly.  We found a hole but were unable to patch it up so that it stayed inflated since the break was in a crease in the plastic material.  Luckily, I was able to find and purchase another jet pack at a nearby store in my city which held up fine on Halloween."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These were great for my son's halloween costume.  Looks fantastic.  They are inflatable - I don't know if you can tell that from the picture.  You have to get them really inflated in order for the wings to stick out straight like they should.  My chief complaint is how the straps (very thin 1/4&#34; elastic) are attached to the jet pack.  It looks like they will break loose any moment.  Mine survived a halloween party and halloween itself, but I don't expect this to stand up to much more.  It did look great with the costume, though!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Purchased at Bagram Afghanistan PX in 2007 and this watch is a must-have for anyone treking into the mountains (of which I did, alot).  Over the years the watch has taken a beating - the bezel is scratched up but, I still get a lot of comments about the watch.  The altimeter (incl the memory function) worked very well.  Battery replacement is easy (and has to occur about once a year).  The watch is a typical ABC watch, that looks good and does the job."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "&#34;What is thaaaat?!?&#34; That was the shriek exclaimed by my 2.5 y/o when she opened this up on Christmas! She is so super excited about this purse set... She loves the credit card, phone and &#34;Chapstick (lipstick)&#34; the most. The size of the enclosed items are. Perfect for a toddler. The price was really good, too. We are definitely very happy with this purchase. Oh, for those who may care, the mirror that came with her set was yellow vs the shown blue, just FYI."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My daughter had one of these when she was a toddler. It was really sweet and she loved carrying it around and taking the stuff out. I ended up buying one for my step-grandaughter this Christmas. She was thrilled with it and just like my daughter used to do, she had a blast pulling everything out, going through it and putting it all back in. Everything is easy to hold, fun to look at, and just grown-up enough to make them feel like this really is their own purse."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My oldest daughter, who is now 5 years old, got one of these purses a couple of years ago from my mother.  Out of all of the toys that my daughters have, this is the one that they would fight over the most, so for my youngest daughter's 3rd birthday I got her her very own \"First Purse\".  They both love playing with all of the included accessories, and often throw in a few additional items of their own.  The purses and accessories are all very durable, in fact, I had to put my daughters' initials on everything because I really can't tell the difference between the new items, and the items that we've had for a couple of years already.  Out of all of the little purses that I've looked at online and everywhere else, I definitely feel like this is the cutest and best deal out there."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Wow!  I paid $67 for this exact watch on Amazon just a few weeks ago! I was shocked to see that the current price is $112.50.  It's a great watch at $67, not quite as good at the higher price - note that CostCo sells them for $69.95.  The links are truly a bear to remove.  I suspect that the link removal device sold on Amazon may not work due to the particular design of these links.  You have to push the linking device out from inside the band rather than from the outside edge of the band."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I work with a friend who is the biggest Chuck Taylor fan of all time.  She has who knows how many pairs of Chucks (over 20), and always seems to wear a different color every day.  So to be a good friend, I had to get a pair.  Red, being one of my favorite colors, seemed the right choice.  I bought size 6.5 Men's, which translates to 8.5 Women's.  The fit is good!  These are heavier than I would have expected, but they aren't uncomfortably so.  They are very sturdy considering so much of them is made from canvas.  My feet feel well supported.  While I probably won't go bonkers over them, I might have to invest in a second pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The title says it all. I loved these, but you literally have to wrestle your kid and near mangle his feet, even when a size or two too big- to get them on. THEN you have to lace and tie them! On a kicking toddler! Yeah, right! IMPOSSIBLE to get on for the most part. And don't seem comfortable either. they need to create this same shoe, but but an easy access ZIPPER on the side, down to the toe bed to get the young child's foot inside."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a major Converse fan, I like to collect them in all different colors, why not pink? I already knew my Converse size from the other Chuck Taylor colors I already owned, so sizing wasn't an issue at all, even though most of my other Converse are low-cut Oxfords. The high-tops can take a little more work to get onto your feet, but it's worth it I think for the high-top style. And the pink is a nice subdued shade, not a gaudy hot pink or anything like that. Definitely recommended for both women and men who are secure enough in themselves to go out and about wearing pink Converse. They look great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Man let me tell you, I always wanted a pair of these but I was being cheap and didnt want to spend the money...But as you can see I broke down and went for it.  I searched and searched and I am so glad for Amazon's buyers writing reviews because this is what made me go for it.  I read most all of the reviews to make my determination of size because I made a mistake before because I didn't know to order a size smaller.  If you a female and are buying a pair of Converse you better get a size smaller if the listings say Converse Men.  I Love, Love, Love these dang shoes and I love the fact that now that I know what size to order.  The fit is perfect."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I knew I had the best shoes when my then 10 year old cousin went nuts for my pink hi-tops a few years ago!And he was even more excited when I gave him the key to my SUV so he could see the new pair of limegreen ones I had just purchased.I think that I wore the pink ones while travelling in California a few years ago.  While we werehaving lunch in Santa Barbara one day, I noticed a store across the street and found some supportsthat allowed me to do even more walking while on that 2 week vacation.  I was in my late fiftiesat the time, and it was fun to see the expressions I got while wearing those shoes!!!  Since Imisplaced the old pink pair, I am now replacing them.  My favorite shoe of all time!!!Mary"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been wearing Chuckie's since I was a kid(over 40 years!!). Original Chuck Taylor's are the biggest icon ever to hit sneakers, with the same bulletproof looks and simple construction throughout the years. They might offer zero arch support(easily fixed with a set of insoles), and can wear down a bit faster than newer brands, but there is no denying that, for the price paid, there's no finer example of what a sneaker is.With all of the new colors available, it has and will always be the king....buy a pair and find out for yourself why."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes are worn very regularly by most of my family for nearly barefoot comfort. We like the colors and the look of them. I like the pink ones, because when I was a kid my mother told me I could be invisible in pink sneakers. I have 2 pairs of the high tops, one pair is 5 years old and while they are limp and a bit faded, the soles are still in decent condition. I also have a pair of the oxfords in raspberry rose which is just a fantastic pink color, and doesn't seem to be fading fast. My daughter loves her Skydiver Blue pair.They don't offer any support and they do run large. But as long as you aren't doing a lot of walking, they are very comfortable and light weight. I use my oxfords as slip ons with the laces tied a bit loose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The shirt is fine, good quality, fresh, comfortable, like the picture. It is a little delicate if you touch with it surfaces irregular... some strip can fall out. I bought two sizes more thinking about my son could wear it for more time and it will not fit too tight like picture... maybe that is uncomfortable for a kid BUT although that size fit relax but fine the sleeve is too long, I had to cut it so I think that the better way is to buy it in the correct size or maybe one size more and cut the sleeve. Wherever, my son loves to wear this tee.(Sorry for my english)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I'm not gonna lie... I've tried a few of them to save a little money. but i ended up being very disappointed every time. then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it. it is such a great line of products, and very versatile. i use it for hunting, i use it for running, i use it at work. it's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour, it's going to be a solid product. keep up the great work."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my eight year old little sister and she's loving them. She says they are very confortable, very bright and vivid color and loves showing them off. Her first pair of chucks! I'm a proud sister! Very good buy, arrived pretty quickly as well. Great stiching and laces (came with two pair-black and white) If you're getting these shoes to work in, I don't recommend. They are made tobe confortable but have very little sole support and the toes are kinda squished so perfect for little feet (like mine and sister's)  I have bought three pairs from this site, very great buy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I keep buying both the low profile and high top versions for my son as he grows, and he loves them. The shoe fits nice, has a good flexible sole for running on both pavement and grass, so for a toddler, that is a plus. Also, he can wear them all day, and is comfortable. I think the fabric is good for developing feet that need to stretch, but still give enough support. He likes these way better than the Saucony's I bought him, which seemed to never break in, and were a bear to put on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these shoes specifically to wear while I am performing squat exercises when working out. Of course, I wear them for the whole workout, not just during the squat. I don't wear them any other time, they are strictly gym shoes for me.For working out they are excellent. They keep my feet flat and stable when I am straining to lower and raise the weight bar on my shoulders. They are comfortable and utilitarian during the other exercises.I would not wear them as everyday shoes - to me they are not *that* comfortable. I only wear them for about six hours a week, but they are good quality and still look brand new after many months. If they wear out before I do, I will certainly replace them with the same brand and style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a great looking, simple looking sneaker or deck shoe in a variety of colors. I wear an 11 1/2 EW (EEE). These shoes were only offered in D widths, so I bought 12D. It fits my foot length and width, but it's a little tight from the top of my foot to the sole of my foot. I wear a 1/2\" lift in my left shoe, but it won't fit in this shoe. I wear this sneaker without my lift if I'm driving with only short walks outside the car. The soles don't afford much protection if I step on a walnut in my back yard - so I try not to do that. I bought these shoes in green and red. The first time I wore them, a young man passed me and said, \"Great Chucks.\""}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a pair of low-cut Cons All-Stars for just hanging out, and as a reminder of the ones I wore as a kid.  But for sure I didn't want to spend a hundred bucks!  These are great.  Fit is good, quality good, and they came with an extra pair of shoelaces!  No arch support at all,  but you need to know that before you buy, so you won't be disappointed.  I put in a pair of my Dr. Schols inserts and I'm a happy camper, lol.  Have been wearing them constantly since they arrived."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes are true to size, are authentic converse, are comfortable, and arrived on time and in the correct color.  My only complaint about converse is that they are a bit too narrow. However you can find them at pretty much any shoe store so you can always try them on first before you buy them.  I am happy about the price too (they were $10 more expensive at DSW than here on amazon).  They don't offer much in terms of arch support, but overall I can't complain."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Chucks since I came out of the womb. I've been through many pairs, and after I decided to retire my old black ones due to a blown out heel I wanted to go with something new. The white is really an eye catching color, and more subdued in person than some of the pictures out there. BE WARNED, Chucks are about a size bigger than your actual shoe size. For example I wear a size 7 in women's, which would be a size 5 in Chucks, but these are really too big so I went with the size 4. I find the white adds some contrast, especially if you wear dark colors like I do."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been looking for a great pair of Converse to wear with skirts and dresses. It has taken a while to find the right color, but I love this dark green. It is unique but subtle and very versatile. Obviously, the structure of these shoes is well known, the sole is thick and strong with good tread, and it laces up high. My one issue is they ran a little big. I usually wear a 9 1/2, but I knew I wanted to wear them without socks, so I bought a 9. Even the half-size down, they are a little big. Still, a great shoe and fabulous color!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my second pair of chucks so I kind of knew what to expect. I also have a pair of high tops and love them but decided to get a low top for the summer. I got them in carmine rose and they are such a pretty color, so glad I went with them! It is a light and airy shoe for spring and summer and the color isn't too girly or childish, I just love it. They will look cute with anything from shorts to skirts to jeans. Converse is a go to classic. But, if you need arch or ankle support these are not for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ride horses and some of them are a little on the rough side when it comes to trotting. I feel totally secure with this item holding in the 'girls.' There is a little bit of bounce, but I guess if there wasn't any, I'd be a boy. ha haDefinitely want to order a size larger than what you'd usually wear. It can run a little on the tight side. After washing, it feels tight, but then after a day, it stretches out enough to be comfortable.It does take a few wears to get used to it and to \"mold\" it to your body. It can be quite uncomfortable at first...feel like a straight jacket....but only at first, then it's great. You don't notice you've got it on.I'd recommend this for anyone who wants a good hold. I'm not crazy about the pink color, but what the heck, it's not lingerie!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this bra, fits tight and holds the girls in but i will say right after i got it one of the snaps broke off i think it was defective so now i have a bra i paid alot for that one hook can't be snapped but other then that i love it, i have went thru alot of bra's and this is by far the best support it is kinda hot and takes a little getting used to it is my first compresion bra, so that may be it for me, but i would say if you are larger busted try it, i just wish my bra would not have broke it would have got 5 stars if it had not broke. i was very disapointed in that but like i said not one of the other snaps have broke so i really think it was a defect of some kind."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It was easy to follow the sizing guide and the bra I received fit appropriately (it's supposed to be tight!). I like fastening it in the front instead of the back, but there are quite a few hooks that can be tedious to fix up each time. I was disappointed in the efficacy of the bra for vigorous activity. This was my last stop in my tour of expensive sports bras that the interwebs say are best for ladies with large breasts, and I was hoping that it would blow the competition out of the water. It didn't. It's playing nicely with the other bras in the water. This bra works fine, but I didn't find it to be anything special."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought a white Enell about 3 years ago and had it fitted in a store. So that was helpful because I was confident in what size I needed to buy. But the size chart provided is helpful and seems to be accurate for me. This is SO supportive and makes my workouts so much better. Also this is the only bra I can run in. I will say the purple one feels slightly cheaper than the white one I bought years ago. The straps are a little papery/less padded. I'm  not sure if that is because it's newer and they have changed them all or just this purple one is different. But either way it's still great and very supportive! Will probably order one more in black just so I have a clean one at all times."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra does what it claims it will do--it provides firm support even for plus sized women, and the support doesn't go away after washing.  I just wish it weren't so shiny.  It's not terribly attractive, just functional, but the straps will show with most clothing, so you may want a lacy camisole over this.  Unless they can change the shininess without reducing the support, I'll live with it 'as is'.  A great bra in terms of function!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pros: no bounce, very supportive, holds everything in & even does some minimizing.The big con is their goofy sizing. I ordered according to the measuring system the company uses, which put me right in the middle of the #2 range. It turned out to be too small in the cups, especially. I experienced the same ass everyone else in that the band is waaaaay tight! It gave me head & neck aches wearing it the first few times, though I did not mind the extra back support. I read that this bra is supposed to be extra tight so I just accepted that. But I can't accept boob spillage out the sides & squishing them together in the middle. I love this bra, I love the idea behind what it's supposed to do. I guess I just need to do some re-sizing, maybe up one or two sizes & see how that goes. I really want to love this bra!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have used a version of this bag for many years and keep coming back to it.  I tried a Baggallini bag recently and decided I didn't like it so well because it actually had too many compartments for me and I'd forget where I put things.  With the Ameribag, I find things more easily.  I also need to carry a water bottle with me and this bag has just the right amount of space for it, whereas I didn't have that with my Baggallini.  I have lengthened the strap to use it cross-body style, which is more comfortable for me to carry.  The extra-small version is just right for me, a short person.  The larger ones are a little too big.  With this size, I can fit a baglet inside, which can be handy at times.  I like that this nylon bag is washable.  It cleans up easily!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First one arrived with the little plastic hook that connects the bottom strap broken.  Not sure I like this way of connecting strap seems cheap where metal may be better way, as women even this size is smaller than previous ones owned by LL Bean.  Wanted to have smaller bag hoping to lighten my load, so to speak as my shoulder is paying the price now older. Nice pockets with magnets on outside and set up the same with many pockets. I will use the second one sent to replace first but, will most likely go back to LL Beans.  The only thing on that one after years of use the zipper stopped working."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My wallet appears  to be a taupe color. The colors I would  have preferred were out of stock. Having said that, there is nothing wrong with the color I got. It isn't fully leather so don't yet know how long it will last. It comes with a check book cover which can be removed. Haven't any cash, so can't tell how happy it would be in the compartments, but my credit card and insurance etc cards seem perfectly happy :). I especially like that the ID view pocket has a hole in the center which makes it much easier to get you DL out when needed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had to replace my Buxton organizer clutch that I have had for years and years and years. Poor thing was definitely looking dog-eared. I was delighted when I received the new one, and found it was exactly like my old one. No cheapening of the product at all.This is not the fanciest purse organizer that you can buy, nor the most expensive.  But if you want something that just gets the job done, than this is it.  I expect that this will last for years also.Definitely recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "However for me it just doesn't hold enough to be really a piece I'd be able to carry long term. Now we all need so many club cards for stores you to those plus a credit card and drivers license you can barely squish your Health and Car insurance cards it it. Unless you don't have much to carry, I'd say skip it. Buxton, consider making this a little bigger to carry more and its a serious winner. Now if the banks would still make this style of checkbook It would be very convenient."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a very nice wallet.  I purchased this one to replace the exact same wallet.  My old wallet was identical to this but was about 15 years old.  (They do wear out after 15 years of constant use.)  Buxton always makes beautiful quality leather goods.  I like that the change purse closes with a metal clasp and not a zipper.  I especially like that there is a divided change purse --- I use one side for pennies and the other side for all other coins.  Also,  I like that there are two paper money slots ---- I use one side for bills and the other  side for checks.  (yes I am very organized.)  I like this wallet very much."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this wallet on a Friday, and I received it the following Tuesday, and it is BEAUTIFUL. I ordered the red one, because red is my favorite color. It is VERY nicely made. Very roomy, has LOTS of places to carry cards etc. The leather is nice and soft to the touch. I think that I am going to be VERY pleased with this wallet for years to come. It also came in a very nice box, so that if anyone were getting it for a gift for someone it would be easy to wrap."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been looking for years in stores for a replacement for my 25 year old wallet.  I am a creature of habit--and do not trade in ANYTHING lightly.  But you can imagine the looks I got with the one I was carrying, beyond old--it was tearing apart, looked terrible--but until I found EXACTLY what I wanted--it was staying.  I just got finished transferring all my life from that to the new Buxton wallet.  Mind you, a wallet to me is a brief history of my life-- where I carry Catholic holy cards, my NRA life-membership card, pictures of my late husband and drivers licenses dating back 15 years.  ALL FIT WITH NO PROBLEM.  I am sorry I did not go on line before last week or I would have found this much sooner.  But EVERYTHING, I mean it ALL fit with no problem.  HIGHLY recommend."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a nice wallet until you put a 'few' cards in it.  The card holder inside is made of leather type material and when you add just 8 cards (which includes the drivers license, library card, 2 medical cards, AARP and towing cards-no charge cards) it becomes so bulgy that where it snaps the space is approx 1 1/2 inches apart and will grow if more cards are added.  Sorry to say, I have gone back to my old wallet as this one just does not work out for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This purse is very likeable.  It's a handy, small size and the leather is quite soft to touch.  The drawback is that the gap at the top when the purse is clasped is so large little items may fall out.  With the price of lipstick these days, I won't chance carrying it loose in this purse!  I did keep the purse, though, thinking I can use it for special occasions when it suits my outfit.  On those occasions, I plan to put the smaller items in a cosmetic bag and carry that inside the purse."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a burgundy to match a tote bag I have, but this is a little too dark. The style is nice, though, with lots of room for the amount of stuff I carry. I wish the credit card slots were enclosed within the pouch of the bag for more security. I ordered a credit card stacker to play it safe. Overall, it's a nice mini bag for carrying cash,cards and my smartphone.05/05: Today I tried to open the inner flap and the clasp was stuck fast and I ended up tearing it. Too bad because the red one I have is still doing fine with normal wear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This clutch wallet passed my expectations, very happy with this wallet.  The color and suede feel is a great plus. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a great clutch wallet at a reasonable price.  In similar products, other clutch book wallets would not have as much available space, for all items needed to be placed in the wallet.  The size can fit into any pocketbook without the bulge when filled, a deep pocket, or used as a carry-along without pocketbook.  This clutch is great, and would not be a disappointment to anyone who is looking for this type of wallet.  I Love It!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These don't give me much support but I did not really expect them to. I wear a 32D and ordered a size C they covered perfectly. I feel like this may work better if you are fuller on top. I'm fuller on bottom and the tabs just pull the skin and makes me look wrinkly. They did give me some support, however they also made a strange cone shape and made me look quite pointy. I would wear these with something that already has some support or is a thicker fabric. However, they will definitely come in handy with certain outfits and would be perfect for a special occasion dress that already has some structure."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a 40DD but got the 40DDD instead since it was my first time ordering bras from Amazon. The fit would have been ideal if it wasn't padded. Women who already have large enough 'girls' do not need the padding. The bra looks perfect online, however, the workmanship left much to be desired. For example, the black lace  flowers design that covers the beige material needed some more attention to be paid to it. While the flowers were pretty, each flower bud and petal had thread sticking out (the flowers are sewn on). All the manufacturers had to do was just clip off the extra pieces of thread. I plan to do just that."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this slip using Amazon Prime 2 day free shipping and received it one day early.  The package was in excellent shape. I am very happy with Amazon Prime delivery.The slip was exactly what I wanted the nylon material feels very good next to my skin and the lace adds a very nice touch to this slip.  The fit is excellent and the length was just what I expected.  I will be ordering more of these in different lengths and also in black.  I wish there were more color options than just black and white.  I have purchased other Vanity Fair slips and have not been disappointed with any of them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I recently bought several wrap and faux-wrap dresses that could show off WAY too much leg if there's a slight breeze, so I needed something a bit modest to spare the world a view of my blindingly white legs. This slip works PERFECTLY. It's beautiful and comfortable. It also makes me feel a bit like a '40s film star. Women need to dress like this more often!The fit: I ordered my bra size. I've got that lovely pear shape going, and it still fit perfectly over my hips. I'd order more colors (I got the black), but they're all out of stock! Bummer."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am so happy with these... they feel great and very sturdy.  The sizing chart was accurate... I am 5'6/200 and I ordered 1x/2x which fit fine.  The control top is very comfortable compared to other brands.  The fabric is very smooth, not too flimsy but not suffocatingly thick either. It also is not snagging like other nylons, nor do I notice any pilling.  They are so comfortable, and I expect to get many more wears out of these.  I am so impressed with these I just bought 2 more pairs."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Purchased this to wear under a formal dress for a wedding.  The control and slimming aspects are outstanding; really made my dress hang well.  Unfortunately, every time I sat down, the bottom would ride up so once I stood again I would need to slip into the ladies' room to pull it back down.  I avoided anything with a seat because it becomes so cumbersome to go to the bathroom and thought this would be a good alternative but it was not.  I would buy a Ragu product again just not this style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a rago 1359 obg every day. with it on I have a flat tummy again. Wearing a girdle does meanwearing panties under (Vanity Fair Nylon Rivissant) - to help put it on and stockings (Berkshire It Fits)toprevent ride up. Dressing in the morning takes a bit of time but my girdle does stays in place. At first it is tight, then comfortable, and then I forget that I have it on. I do not have that girdled look and I really dolook better with my girdle on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "For $7 you get 4 of these things - what more can you ask? I bought these as opposed to buying new racerback bras. They are certainly tricky to install - probably best if you ask a friend for help. BUT once in place, they work really well to keep your straps in place, and if you have a top or dress that dips in a little as I do, they are great for helping to hide your straps! The beige color is more of an ivory than a nude, which was my only disappointment. But glad I got them!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So, I love the idea here, but there are some considerations. First, the S/M is more for training bras or people who are very small/petite. So, I wish they would just call it Small rather than S/M. I think most women would need the Large/XL, even though it sounds big, I think it suit more people.Second, the right fit is important because if it's too tight, the part that grabs the back of your bra straps starts to cinch the strap, so you have two, tiny bunches by your shoulder blades that stick out like little bumps on your back.Finally, the clips do slip once in a while, so there is a chance they'll come undone. Then you'll have a swinging strap on your back.Again, I like the idea here, and it's better more often than not. But it's not as revolutionary as I thought it would be. :)  I'm still waiting for a better solution."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was somewhat skeptical about these straps and I have to admit that it took me a few minutes to figure out how to attach them to my bra, even after looking at the picture on the package. They work GREAT!!!! I gave the clear strap to one of my co-workers to try out and she loves them too. The only drawback is that you have to keep it attached and put your bra on over your head and hook your bra from behind. BUT, if it keeps my bra straps up all day long I will do anything!!!!!!! I am very happy with the product and I ordered the L/XL variety pack with 4 different colored straps. I wear a size 34-B bra so I would expect that unless you are a size 0 that most women would need the L/XL size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love this beautiful nightgown.  I was looking for a pretty but practical peignoir set which is surprisingly hard to find, and I settled on this nightgown with the matching robe.  I am 5'7&#34; 150 lbs and wasn't sure whether to get the medium or large.  I played it safe and went for the large, but its a bit big and I think the medium would have fit well, at least for the nightgown.  I would probably still choose the large robe. The rosy pink is a beautiful deep pink, the gown is the perfect weight for wearing and feels wonderful on.  I knock off a star however because as others have mentioned, it is too sheer to wear without the robe, at least for me. I plan to order the short set for summer wear.  Maybe several!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Truly terrible.  I purchased two of the three packs and upon opening one package I discovered that they were full of pulls that would lead to runs during/after first use.  Next I tried on another pair only to discover that whilst the length of the stocking was fine the spandex/elastic was so weak that they almost immediately fell down even though they fit.  Also, I found them to be very sheer.  I thought that by purchasing the 'fantasy black' that they would be more like tights in color but that was not the case.  Overall, very unhappy with this product and will be returning for a full refund."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very nice bra, but the material is a bit stiff, which keeps the girls where they're supposed to be, though. It'll give a pointy shape, which is not very flattering with regular t-shirts, but will add some lift with \"flowy\" tops.BE AWARE: even though it says that this item qualifies for free returns, you will have to pay for the shipping costs if you want to return this bra!!! Amazon customer rep told me it's because the product is not sold/fulfilled by Amazon itself, but by a 3rd party. It puzzles me why Amazon mentions free returns on the product page when it doesn't apply  to that specific product. On a product that doesn't cost much, having to pay for return shipping is quite a waste."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was looking for a casual bra to wear when I worked in the yard and chose this one based on reviews and price.  It's going back.The bra is thin with old fashioned pointed nipples.  The material fails to stretch to adapt to breast dimensions, causing some areas to be too tight and others too loose.  It felt uncomfortable (not too tight - just too rough) as soon as I put it on.Because it's a Bali, it's probably durable and would hold up over time better than cheaper bras but I just can't get over the positive reviews so I'm giving it only one star.For a better fitting and much more comfortable bra, try a Victoria's Secrets wireless cotton bra.  It gives you the smooth coverage you want, excellent support, and you won't even know you are wearing it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This isn't as 'sexy' as some bras, but it looks GREAT under clothes, and is supportive without feeling constrictive. Sometimes when this is sold in outlets, something is 'off' in the material; it's a little scratchy....but from Bali or as this was sold from Amazon, it's l00% right.  Washes well and lasts so much better than some of the fragile bra fabrics.  Maybe not so special for 'date night', but for a great bra to wear all week, it's terrific."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First got this bra when my daughter was doing a performance with a lot of jumping around.  Her bra wasn't making it, and we looked for one better.  Found this, perfect.  Due to the non elastic straps, and the fine support, this bra holds things in place all day long, better than any other bra I have ever owned.  My daughter and I are both well developed.  Most bras are challenged when it comes to supporting us, except this one.  It is also very comfortable.  You know it's on, but it never hurts.  It also puts your chest in a good position, not spread out but forward.  Looks very flattering.  Truly great support, and pretty."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was doing a lot of reading online.  And the bras with the best support are seamed bras.  Most of the new seamless bras are overly padded and flatten me out.I looked at my local stores but it's very hard to find a seamed bra that isn't a minimizer in huge sizes.  Most start in D cups.This is an attractive bra visually and I would normally just order up one size,  but I look like I should be the musical \"Grease.\"  Or in a 1950's TV show.My husband said I was a walking weapon in this thing.  I could use my breasts to poke the eyes out of a potential attacker.It does not look like the photo of it on amazon.  Anyone who put this on, would have to push their breasts into the front of the narrow part of the cup to fill it, and would end up looking pointy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have bought Bali bras before and have not had problems with them.  Had under wire bras quite a few times and didn't have problem with them either.  Have worn 1 twice and I was at work and I had to cut out the under wire is was so uncomfortable.  I will be returning the other 3 that I bought.  If I was smaller they probably would be alright, but being on the heavier side when I sit down there is not enough padding on the bottom of the bra to protect the mid-section."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Being a very busty woman, I'm constantly looking for a bra that will smooth and minimize my proportions. Bali is a trusted name in intimate apparel, so I tried out this bra. I love the way it feels and how it makes me look when I wear tee shirts and sweaters. It runs true to size, so I didn't need to return it for a larger size. I recommend this bra to women who have the same problem as I do with finding a bra that will fit and look good!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra does provide support & lift, but it is not 'seamless'.  This bra is part of the Bali &#34;Classics&#34; collection, so it's been around for a long time.The cup isn't a stretchy type of fabric, so you can see a little of the cup material through my tops.  And, you can see a little of the cup seam (slightly).I just bought Bali Passion For Comfort Minimizer Underwire Bra, and that one is seamless-  that one is a stretchy type of material.  It smooths out over the breast.  So, you won't see the cups through your tops with that one-  although that bra fits a bit more snug."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm 56 yrs old. Size 34DD. There are only two bras that I can wear. This is one of them. Amazon is a great place to purchase it as the price is less expensive than stores (Kohls rarely has my size in stock) and it seems to always be in stock. I hope Bali keeps on making this bra. Within the last year I did have an issue with a bra (a piece broke) but I called Bali and they replaced it for free.....UPDATE..this has happened twice....the adjustment pieces on the straps are made of thin plastic. Thin plastic to hold up DDs??????? Cheap."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "38DDD.  I wasted way too many years buying Lilyette.  Lilyette quality has diminished dramatically over the past year and I was concerned about finding an alternative.  I tried the Bali Satin Tracings Minimizer and was pleasantly surprised.  The Bali is rather comfortable. Washes well.  Life-span is average.  You'll know when to buy new when you feel the fit change.It is also a 10X better minimizer than any other bra I've tried.  In fact, I used to need apparel tape to keep the front of my blouses from gapping.  With the Bali, my clothes fit perfectly without needing that bothersome tape.  Hopefully, they will make this bra forever and leave it just the way it is...don't change the fabric, don't change anything to make it &#34;new and improved&#34;."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I think I will like it better once its washed several times and stretches just a little.  I have had these before and found the same thing.  If they offered half sizes, I would have gotten a half size larger.  I know the next size up does not fit...its too big, BUT this is a nice bra, does a good job of minimizing.  It does go up a little into my arm pits, but I don't think that will bother me after it softens up a bit.  Like the straps and shape of cups.  Well made.  I would love to find a bra that I give 5 starts to but probably will not in my lifetime."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn these gowns for close to 20 years.  I like how they are made without any itchy lace or scratchy seams, how they make rolling around in bed easy, and that the fabric is a better quality than any other nylon nightgown I ever owned.  I also like the &#34;flutter&#34; sleeve especially now that my upper arms are not what they used to be, it is nice to have them covered but not constricted by a traditional sleeve.I knew that the Shadowline brand had been sold in recent years, so I was a little concerned about the quality having changed.  I just bought 2 in the magenta color since it was new (for me anyway) and was delighted to find that the quality remains.  I have always gone for the darker colors since they seem to afford just a little more modesty than the pastels."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We received these shoes as a gift, and I'm actually ordering a larger size for my daughter now.  I love these shoes!  They're so adorable, and we constantly receive compliments on how cute they are.  My daughter has been \"standing\" since she was about a month old, and she's actually started to wear out the bottoms from pushing herself along when she's in her walker.  Even so, I'm really quite pleased with the construction and materials.  They're very easy to slip on wiggly feet, too.  These have become my go-to gift for expectant moms with a baby girl on the way."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These tights are extremely soft and very flattering. They fit perfectly and looked very sleek and of high quality. The only thing is, I purchased the barely there color and it is a little darker than the picture. In fact, it is more of a tan color and would go perfectly with people who have a tan complexion like I do. You really can't tell I'm wearing tights until you come closer and even then, it is such a nice, sophisticated look. These tights would go great with formal evening wear and dresses."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Hanes Silk Reflections for over 15 years now and I still love the sheer look and silky feel of them on my legs. I have many pairs of Hanes Pantyhose for daily wear in different colors as well as Silk Reflections Thigh Highs and Stockings. I have tried other brands but always come back to Hanes Silk Reflections. I have tried other brands of pantyhose that are as sheer but not as durable, I have found some that are as durable but not as sheer, Hanes has it all for me.  The fit is perfect they do not bag or sag at the knees or ankles even after a long day.I am an Amazon Prime member and that has been wonderful the shipping is always fast and on time. Whenever I can find my Hanes hose with Amazon Prime available I purchase them. It is so much easier to buy these online and have them delivered at no cost I am so happy with my Amazon Prime membership."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "my legs are mostly in no nonsense pantyhose but a co worker said to try the hanes sheer nylon pantyhose, i really like how sheer my control top sheer toe silk reflections pantyhose are, these pantyhose are very soft and sheer nylons, like all of my pantyhose when i pull up very sheer pantyhose i take my time so i dont run my nylons and pantyhose, once on i love how these pantyhose make me feel, i prefer reinforced toe pantyhose but sheer toes are nice also. i wear pantyhose and nylons everyday and now have several pairs of hanes pantyhose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love Hanes Silk Reflections pantyhose.  I have been wearing them for over 15 years, I have tried others but keep coming back to Hanes.  I love the feel and looks of them they fit me perfectly and still look good after a long day.  They feel wonderful on my legs and feel great under my clothes whether I am wearing slacks or a skirt.  They are also very durable for such a sheer pair of pantyhose.As an Amazon Prime member I used the 2 day free shipping and received the package on time and in good shape."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These hold up and are a great value. They are also very pretty and flatter my not-the-best legs. I don't like wearing pantyhose but in a professional job they are still needed. That's my opinion, anyway. I have some great dresses and suits with skirts for work (yes, I am the consummate professional) and these are a necessary accessory. Is 'necessary accessory' an oxymoron?Thanks, Hanes. You make me thinner and more impressive.  How many products can honestly boast that?Marcianne Waters"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I went ahead and purchased it, thinking i'd be getting tanned color. For some reason, i have this way of thinking buff= dark/tan color... Turns out it was not even close. I normally wear barely there, and this one was very creamy. Although this isnt something i would wear on a normal basis, it did go really well with my black skirt w/ white feathery sweater top. I wouldn't dare wearing it with any other though, just not my color; Too bright. It was a nice try though."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I think a color labeled &#34;Barely There&#34; should be much more neutral. I realize that if I had a dark tan or were of a different ethnicity perhaps these hose would look &#34;barely there&#34; on my legs. But as it is they remind me of the nylons I wore in junior high, colored &#34;Cinnamon.&#34; In fact I may send them back, I'm so disappointed. The shades depicted online are not at all representative. Cannot speak to fit or durability as I haven't tried them on yet."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ok ladies, pantyhose, in general, are getting difficult to find anymore.  Many women hate them.  But, for those of us that don't have a problem with them, it seems as though there are expensive tights or leggings to choose from, and no more 'pantyhose'.  Let alone NAVY.  This is the real deal.  I plan on buying more for my 'stash'.  These are the tried and true navy pantyhose and I keep a few pair in my desk for that occasional runner that might happen once every other year.  You get what you pay for, and these are a bargain for the quality.  Love them!  Thanks for carrying, Amazon.  Now, I can save gas money from running all over the place looking for navy hose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm accustomed to push up bras because of my lack of endowment, so this was definitely something different. Straps are nice and thick. Back band is wide. Front portion lays flat underneath bra instead of tilting up. Cups themselves are two layers of lace that support nicely but do not form the breast as a padded bra might. Will not hide *ahem* signs of 'cold weather'. Middle portion does tend to press into the chest. My boyfriend will love it when he gets back from the holidays."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was so excited for this bra and when I got the 38D  the wire part fit great and actually supported ALL of my boob instead of cutting in too close on the sides.  The cups were just a TAD too big, and I could have gotten it tailored I suppose but I returned them for a 38C hoping that, being a 38, the underwire would still be wide enough too include all my bits but have correct cup size....cup size was alright, but the underwire was too narrow AND the underwire that came up between the boobs was too wide!  It was like pulling my boobs apart from the center!  No thanks!  Plus, it pushed really hard into my sternum!  The material was super scratchy and uncomfortable, I just wished this worked out b/c from the picture it looks so pretty but the material is awful."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a 38C Bra size, and this bra fits the bill!!! Love it!  I just ordered another one.  I would highly recommend this bra.  It is very sexy, and comfortable.Update:After wearing this bra for a day, it's NOT comfortable.  I would not recommend it all, and I have returned the other one that was ordered, and the one I kept goes in the \"Not form fitting, and comfortable\" draw.  I got the Marielle Unlined bra instead, so far it is very comfortable, and fits nicely to the breasts.  I will be ordering another pair!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra is beautifully made and quite supportive. I'm large-busted (anywhere between a 32DDD and H, depending on brand/maker) and chose to try a 34DDD for this bra since cups run small on most brands that aren't specifically for large chests, and this item doesn't come larger than DDD. It turns out to be a little large in the cup, which almost never happens to me! But the support seems good and the bra is both delicate and sexy while still providing coverage. I'll be returning for a smaller size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to agree with a previous poster that said the straps were too long.  I adjusted it to the shortest setting and it still was loose.  I've probably only had that problem with 1% of all the bras I've ever bought, and sadly this was one of them.  The cups run generously sized (which for me, as a D/DD usually is a positive thing, but in this design was too much of a good thing & I would have to size down).  The overall design was cute, but the odd sizing made it a no-go."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the second time I purchased a bra on Amazon and the sizing is not the same as the bra in store. I got fitted for Felina bras and was told that I am a 32DDD in their bras. When I tried the bra on in store, it fit perfectly so I decided to order on Amazon because the store price was way more expensive. This bra has so much space in the bust area that I cannot possibly wear it as the 'girls' will jiggle with any step that I make. Terrible!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I L-O-V-E (LOVE) these briefs.  I sometimes have a hard time finding them in department stores so was very glad to be able to buy them on the Internet.  They are comfortable.  They allow a little forgiveness when you gain a bit here and there without stretching out if you lose a bit (I wish more often).  They also wash and wear very easily and simply.  I can even throw them in the dryer.  What's not to love?  :)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are the best.  When you get them out of the bag, you might think you ordered panties that were 2 or 3 sizes too small, but that's just the way they look until you try them on.  They fit great.  They hold in your stomach quite a bit and the leg opening doesn't ride up in the back.  Stays put.  These also come in a lace waist band that rests lower (on your hip).  I have that style too and it is  nice but I like these better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was debating between a 1 and 2 star rating.  These Jockey briefs are good quality, but Jockey has a sizing problem between sizes 7 and 8.  I first ordered 3 size 8s and they are somewhat large so went back on Amazon, checked the sizing charts then ordered 3 size 7s.  There is at least 2 or more inches difference in the width of these two sizes and the 7 is more than an inch shorter.  I can't complain about the quality of Jockey, but sizing is a totally separate issue.  The size 7s will be donated to Goodwill ASAP."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these Jockey underpants after talking with a friend, who really likes these undies.  I ride horses and have issues with rubs from the saddle with almost any other underpants I have tried.  This brand fixed my rub problem. I like the covered elastic legs and the high leg cut design. What I did not like is the fact that one color (dark gray) shrank two sizes when I first washed it.  The other colors did not shrink (white and heather gray).  The company says shrinkage is about 10%, but my experience is that shrinkage is more, particularly from top to bottom, rather than shrinking around.  Jockey has also offered to let me return the pair that shrank excessively."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Apparently, Jockey makes different styles of underwear for sale in stores and online in packages.  I got what I thought looked identical to ones I got at JCPenney--every detail was the same, the fiber contents were the same--and when I got them, they were not the same.  They do fit pretty well--but not as well as the others I have.  They are not soft and silky and stretchy like the ones I got at the store.  They are really thick, and so a little hot for summer and they don't have a lot of stretch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love simple white underwear.  Easy to wash, easy to bleach to get that nice clean look.  Cotton is breathable and comfortable.  This design has the nice french cut, which means they go higher up on your thigh. I buy a new 3 pack about once a quarter.  I use the more worn pairs when I go on vacation or on a business trip, and then just throw them away instead of having to come home and wash them...:)These are not the most longest lasting underwear ever, but I sure like them right out of the package.  Which is important.  If you have to wash them for weeks before you like them, what a waste!Nothing fancy or sexy about these, but they are quality and comfortable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I found these to be a bit smaller than store brands like Hanes and Fruit of the Loom. I do like the style though. My one big problem with these panties is that they are perfumed. Seriously, whose idea was it to scent women's underwear?? Why is this necessary? Jockey, do you also scent men's underwear, or are women just particularly stinky? And why would they think we would like it?? I've washed them 3 times now, soaked them overnight in a borax and vinegar mixture, and they still smell. I'm worried that I could get a UTI from the scent if I wear them. As long as they keep using perfume in their underwear, I will not purchase Jockey panties again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I  have  bought  Jockey  before  and  they  were  quite  good  but  these  seem  already  stretched  to  the  max  Before  putting  them  on ,  very  little  give  left  in  the  bands .I  don't  know  if  it's  a  cheap  knock  off  with  a  bogus  Jockey  label  or  if  Jockey  is  now  cutting  corners  but  I  wouldn't  buy  them  sight  unseen  again .Probably  back  to  brick &  mortar  for  Jockey  purchases  ( see  what  it  is  Before  I  get  it ) ."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been using this string bikini for over 30 years....then, department stores stopped carrying them because they \"don't sell as well\". Now, I found them online and I am back wearing them. They are ALL cotton-therefore breathable and comfortable besides looking good on you as they are nicely-styled (read \"sexy\", the picture with model's tummy facing the right does them more justice). My dermatologist recommends all-cotton panties. And these are that and look great..NO granny panties! The cotton-encased elasting band is VERY comfortable, keeps its elasticity even when the product wears out finally and protects skins afflicted with latex intolerance (my problem) or allergy. The bikni over all is sturdy and lasts and lasts. I highly recommend them. I thank Jockey for still making them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's not lined so you definitely might have 2 peaks showing through your shirt.  The cup wasn't the right fit for me.  I've been experimenting with finding the appropriate bra sizes and decided to try a 30F in this bra because a 30 E wasn't available.  My true bra size is a 28E and my sister sizes are a 30DD and a 26F.  I thought if I went in the middle and got a 30E it would fit but I was wrong.  Definitely get your true size in this bra if they have it,  If they don't, then I wouldn't recommend getting a sister size or guessing which size would fit."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "great bra, runs big in  the cups....I am small in the back, but, this, the cups not for me anywayHad to return mine, even though I did try it on in a hurry, purchased the bra, and had to return both...I am a 36 DD, very nice, cups run big.  I am a 36 DD in all bras, this one, not to good.....Fav bras, Bali new \"comfort bra\" awesome, Bali \"t back bra\", Gap,\" full coverage lace\", and my very fav. \"Champion everday bra\", wonderful, perfect fitting in each styleSo beware...."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm really impressed with these shimmers pantyhose tights . They're warm and durable like tights but have a really sexy semi sheer, shimmery look to them like luxury pantyhose. .Great to wear with a mini and heels to really show off  your legs and they'll still keep you  warm.They  fit fantastic and are very comfortable to wear for long days.They also give your legs support,  feels like you wearing leggs sheer energy pantyhose . I've  tried a lot of  tights and these are one of the best and the price is reasonable.Love them!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought my first pair about four years ago and was quite pleased with them.  They are like a heavy duty control top panyhose but they really lift and tuck the goopy stuff.Recently while trying on some new skirts I turned around and was dismayed at what appeared in the mirror!  Horrors!  My butt has gone south, but not to worry, I tried the said skirts on with my Spanx and that solved my problem.  Now the twins back there look nice and perky...well, not like when I was 16, but maybe when I was a 33 year old dance teacher.The waist and thighs stay in place, no rolling there.  Even though I'm a size 2 it does take a little more \"work\" to get these babies on. But once they are in place, wow!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "at first, I was a bit wary about buying them since I have thick thighs & worried that it'd cut into my legs & you'd totally be able to tell I'm wearing them. nope, not with these. I love them. they slim down my legs & love handles enough so I can wear a size lower than what I'd wear without them. easy to manage & they don't really roll down on the top unless I'm hunched over. I just have to make sure that they're pulled down far enough on my legs so they don't make any marks. (size 11/12 jean)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "You can't beat the quality of Spanx as long as you accept that you MUST order two sizes larger than the chart says you need. You will never get them on otherwise. (And if you do get them on, you'll be miserable.) Order two sizes up and they'll still be snug and hold down the jiggles. You'll feel confident and comfortable. These are perfect under skirts to keep you cool and prevent thighs from rubbing together. They also keep the skirt from sticking to your behind after you've been sitting. They're still a challenge to get on - especially after using a public restroom where you don't have a lot of room. Also, I can see where they'd be easy to snag with a rough fingernail or ring, so be careful. I really wish they'd make them in more sizes for larger bodies, but overall, they are awesome and worth the price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I tried one pair of the Spanx Power Panties (I ordered two pairs) and discovered the Spanx looked like a glorified panty hose. Yup. They reminded me of the girdle-type panty hose toppers. I also discovered the Spanx run a bit small as I ordered the size suggested using the Amazon size chart. I should have gone up one size.I'd suggest saving your money and buying a pair of girdle-type panty hose. They are cheaper and if you are wearing the panty hose for their girdle power they'll last a long time.I'm sending the second pair back, and would have sent both, except when I was attempting to try on the first pair the Spanx panty snagged. Not fair to send it back to the seller, so I will keep the Spanx Power Panty; and squeeze into it when needed.Recommend with caveats given."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these shoes for work but they are a bit pricey.  I bought a pair in black and navy - bye-bye $135 plus tax.I wish they came in a brown but the nearest they have is taupe or bronze and they are rarely available in my size... 9W.  The \"bronze\" has been unavailable in my size almost a year.They are fairly true to size but still take a bit of wear before they are comfortable.They tend to pinch on the toes and I've had to treat several painful blisters as a result.I like the arch support and the small heel.The only drawback apart from the price is that the lining comes loose very quickly and then slides around inside the shoe which is uncomfortable and annoying."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this for my 8 month lean baby boy. I did have to take it in a bit (It is sized for 12 to 18 ), but it was easy to do. He loved it and had it on all night over his PJs. It is made with mobile babies in mind, not one hole. The top fit well on his head over top of a beanie (I put the beanie on first for a while till he was used to it, then added the top) he didn't even notice it (until the top would flip down, but to really a problem, flips back and is pretty sturdy) ."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "At least they are tight on me.  I have a 38&#34; waist, so ordered the 36-38&#34; Large size.  They fit, but are very tight.  Next time I'll order XL.  Other than that, I love the Kangaroo pouch style.  For years I've worn Munsingwear's Kangaroo pouch briefs, but reviews on their latest product have not been good now that they're made in China, so I was happy to find Jockey making this style brief.  I'm very happy with the quality... just should have ordered the larger size...."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've never seen a modestly sized bag hold so much stuff, comfortably.  I have a couple larger bags that -technically- hold more, but in some weird configuration so that I'm always packing and unpacking.  Domke bags are designed by a photographer for photographers, and it shows.  I started filling this bag, and just 'knew' where to put everything - and I don't have to remove more than one item to get to whatever I need.  Comes out of the box looking a bit 'lived in', and not obviously a camera bag, which is a plus when traveling.  The metal clips that back up the velcro top closure could be easier to manipulate, but -- great bag!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I absolutely idolize Kylie Jenner's sense of style, so I had to purchase a pair of Timberlands. They were delivered super fast and I got a really good deal on them since I bought them in children's size. I am a size 7 (sometimes a 6.5) in women's and I got these shoes in a children's size 5.5. They fit great! They're kind of heavy, so it takes a while to get used to walking in them but they look amazing. These shoes are very durable and great quality, so you can tell that they'll last for a long time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I know how long they lasted because my Amazon purchase history shows when I bought the last pair, on 11/27/10.  I know they lasted more than 2,000 miles because  I always wore these shoes when I walked my dog and that was twice a day, one mile each time.  I wore them on other occasions as well and figured I would go with the most conservative values which to me are still pretty impressive.After all this the soles started to wear, I figured it was time to get a replacement &#34;dog walking shoe&#34; and ordered the same shoe again.  The size, 12W, was dead on and the shoes are as comfortable as before.  They are still light, and have an effective tread without looking clunky."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes are probably the most comfortable I own.  I'd been thinking about getting a pair for years because of all the positive reviews so I finally pulled the trigger.  Good call, because they are super comfy and easy to slip on and off.  On the downside though they are black seude shoes.  I must not have looked closely enough because I thought they were just black leather.  I suppose I just don't see myself as the type of guy that wears seude shoes.  I power through it though because these things are so comfortable.  They'll work great for casual wear in the winter/fall, but come summer spring I don't see myself sporting these shoes with shorts.  They really only work with jeans.Fit was as expected, unlike Keens that usually need a 1/2 size bigger."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've owned a bunch of Merrells, mostly of the &#34;moc&#34; variety.  Nothing negative on this particular model, though I can't yet comment on durability.  However, past Merrells have held up nicely; the outsoles always wear down smooth long before the uppers are ready to pack it in.  The one thing I notice with this model is that the sizing seems to run a tad larger than my other Merrell mocs -- I ordered the same size I always have, but this pair fit a smidge looser than I expected.  Without a comparison, I can't say if a 1/2 size smaller would fit better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I must like these shoes, this is my fourth pair, and they're all still in use. I discovered Merrell's hiking shoes maybe 10-12 years ago, and always found them to be well made, durable and comfortable. The jungle mocs continue the tradition, and add the convenience of being a slip-on. This makes them my go-to shoes for a run out to the mailbox, for any activity that involves walking, yard work (the oldest pair), etc. They are also good looking enough for business casual wear at the office, going well with khakis or jeans on casual Friday."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ten years ago, my husband bought a pair of these Merrell shoes locally.  They were the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn.  Now (10 years later), after wearing these shoes on a daily basis, they have finally bit the dust.  We bought the same version from Amazon to replace his old Jungle Slip-on's, and the new ones are just as comfortable.  Out of the box, there's no break-in period needed -- he can wear them all day, with nary a blister."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Merrells for a while and highly suggest them for anyone that has trouble finding comfortable shoes. I must say that I prefer the Jungle Moc Nubuck, Brown Nubuck but it seems that the Brown Nubuck  are being discontinued for the present time and it's hard to find the Brown Nubuck. I decided to try Men's Merrell Jungle Moc Leather, Mahogany Brown and was very satisfied with every thing but the color. The Merrell Jungle Moc Leather, Mahogany Brown is not mahogany at all, not even close but rather a tan looking color. Beware that the Mahogany Brown as shown in the picture is not the correct color. It is a very light brown or tan colored shoe. I almost sent them back but the return time frame closed on me. If you like a lighter colored shoe this is a great and comfortable shoe. I do like the new sole on this shoe. It has a better grip support sole that the older Merrells. It is made of all smooth leather and not suede like most other Merrells."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes shipped fast and fit perfect. I needed work shoes to wear during 12 hour shifts in an ER. These are awesome for that. They support my feet and they do not rub my toes raw. They are also easy to put on and pull off. They are not the best looking shoes though. My wife makes fun of them all the time on me but I don't care. They feel amazing. Perfect shoes for work but I would not wear them out in town or on date night."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "KSwiss Classic Luxury sneakers are one of the most comfortable sneakers there are, especially for being as simple, less bulky as they are.On the inside, they are very cushiony, especially the sole. My husband wanted a simple, comfortable, black sneaker to wear when he does security work now and then &#34;on the side.&#34; He needed something that would be good for standing/walking long 12 hr nights and did not want something too expensive as he only does this a few times a year, for certain events. These sneakers fit the bill perfectly and were our first choice since they fit every aspect we were looking for.They are simple, but look great with anything. I have been wearing them myself for decades, but this was my husband's first pair. He was very happy with them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After laughing the whole way home from the mall after seeing what looked like clown shoes for $150 or more I was glad to find these on Amazon.  Ok, I admit I'm in my mid forties but I'm sorry the multicolored goofball shoes I saw didn't impress me much, they just look ridiculous.  These however have a simple clean look and are some of the best fitting athletic shoes I've ever owned.  I like a snug fit and these fit like a glove.  You might not be the gym peacock but your workout won't suffer."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was purchased for my 4 year old to wear when we took him to see the new Superman movie. The quality is what you would expect from a packaged halloween costume that is meant to be worn for one day. The S on the chest started peeling on one corner after a few days of wear. My son is obsessed with super heros so he wears this costume around the house almost daily. The stitching for the velcro on the belt came loose and had to be repaired. For the price I paid for this, we have got our money's worth out if it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We wanted the costume that didn't have all the bulk in it.  This was perfect.  My son is 4 and it was a little big, but I just think- hey, he can wear it to play in for a good year or so.  He'll get lots of wear out of this.  It would be nice if the boot covers fit tighter, but they were good enough! Easy on and off...we actually had a whole outfit on under it to keep warm, so there's your muscle bulk, if that's what you want."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So I lusted after Rainbows for about 7 years before I decided they might be worth the money.-I got a large (I wear 9.5M) and my foot went right to the edge, so I got an extra-large.-The wear in period wasn't so bad, I did get a blister as expected.-My largest problem is that the foot surface area got so smooth that my foot kep sliding in and out of the shoe, and it dried out and rubbed up against my foot. I feel like it was polishing the bottom of my foot.-I feel like they are going to fall off when I walk-I thought there was going to be a bit more arch support.-The bottom is very hard.All in all they are good looking sandals, but I've tried on a friend's REEFs and they were incredibly comfortable. If I could go back in time, I would have gone with the REEFs."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I use to love these in the '80's but hi-tops became obsolete.  Glad I could find some because in the hot summer I hate wearing my ankle braces as they make my feet sweat too much and constrict my blood flow making my feet and ankles swell.  Anyway, although I haven't worn these out of the house yet, I'm sure they will work well for me provided I still use my cane.  I will admit in reading the other reviews, they do run narrow which was fine with me and the length was perfect.  Nicely made too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This jacket is warm in the winter and very rugged and will last many years under heavy use (construction).This jacket is very stiff and can be restrictive. The back of this longer below waist line jacket can ride up after driving and create folds in the back.I had a shorter length Carhart with stretch strip material at the bottom and built in hood. It didnt look as good as this one but it was much more comfortable after being washed several times and lasted years with heavy use.If you buy this jacket, wash it first thing to loosen it up a little bit.I strongly recommend Carhart clothing, but there is compromise with comfort for long wear and warmth.My recommendation is this jacket below:http://www.amazon.com/Carhartt-Mens-Duck-Active-Thermal-Lined/dp/B002WLOK1U/ref=sr_1_16?ie=UTF8&s;=apparel&qlEnable;=1&qid;=1284079028&sr;=1-16"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Warm and Sturdy.  I have only had this coat for a couple of weeks, but it appears to be living up to all the good reviews.  Very warm and very well made (in Mexico).  I fully expect to use this jacket all the time because it is warm and fashionable enough and should be able to handle anything I can put it through.  I am looking forward to breaking this coat in over the next few months but am very confident I made the right choice.  For sizing:  I am almost 5'8&#34; and the medium came about 2 inches below my waiste aind is plenty big to wear clothing underneath.  However, again, the coat is so warm, I am wearing T-shirts in sub 40 degree weather with the coat on - even on windy days."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just received these socks yesterday. So I went for a long walk today. 5 miles out in the country. The socks felt great in my walking shoes. I had to kind of rush for the last 2 miles to get home for my son, so I put the speed on. The socks even felt good at a good clip. They are nice and soft and cushy, yet they do not feel bunchy in the shoes. Overall a great sock. I will try them with hiking boots as soon as I can."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The wife went for an Mt Everest Base Camp trek, from Lukla to EBC and back to Lukla- 11 days. The problem was the weight allowed was only 8KG (about 17 lbs) for the porters carry, therefore even extra pairs of socks were a bad item to haul. She carried 4 pairs of these socks and they did an amazing job of keeping her feet clear of all the sweat and ensured that she suffered no blisters doing about 8-9 hours of walking at that altitude.She wears shoes- Timberlands 7.5M and Reeboks US 9.5- probably due to the differences in widths. These socks fit upto US 9.5 for men perfect, and if you are 10+ then these may not be for you.All in all, she recommends this for any prolonged wear and for closed shoes, unlike track/sports shoes, where ventilation could be in issue. Absolute recommended buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Women's size 11 shoe size here (Men's 9 1/2) and I ordered the large.  Could not be happier!  I love the padding, and the comfort in terms of temperature and moisture.  I have a foot injury, and I need support and cushioning for my toes and the ball of my foot- these socks are perfect.  They are very thick- so make sure your shoes can accommodate them- but aside from that caveat, these should not give you any trouble, and at least for my shoe size, the fit was perfection."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pretty much every construction worker seems to own a pair of these, in classic Carhartt brown. Every semi-feral hobo kid seems to have these, or the overalls, or the double-fronted ones in black (to hide the dirt.) I wear them because they're the hardest-wearing, most comfortable work pants for the money, very close to the gold standard (Duluth Trading Company edges them out on quality by half a notch, but their stuff costs more.)Not only do the pants last longer than the GAP and Dockers pants, they also meet most peoples' contemporary standards of casual attire, and don't look out of place with a polo or Oxford shirt. Once broken-in, they're quite comfortable, with a loose but not baggy cut that can fit over a pair of long johns without chafing in cold weather. They've made jeans obsolete in my wardrobe, being tougher and much better-looking street clothes. Good stuff--buy a pair if you haven't already."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "When you look at the picture you think that they might be a distressed type of fabric but actually the colors are rock solid and the material isn't wrinkled. I wear these for work with a button down shirt and tie. While they are probably designed as work pants, they do very well for a contemporary dressy look. I'm on the heavy side and find these are very roomy. The tailor actually charged me extra for these pants, she said that the seams were triple sewn(or something like that).I've had these for around 6 months and they've held up very well. I send them to the dry-cleaner and so far minimal fading."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Not my first Carhartt Work shirt, but first Henley with 3 button front. You can find work shirts for less, but this is a much better shirt, strong fabric double stitched - spend a few more $ and get the real deal with a Carhartt.Size; I'm just under 6' tall, 170 lbs 34&#34; waist and sleeve length - athletic build; usually wear a large but a Medium Regular fits me best. I wear a basic cotton T-shirt  under these.If you have a beer belly or chest measures larger than a 42&#34; regular suit a Large will probably be a better fit, also if you are going to wear over thermal shirt or sweater underneath go with the Large.I'm Carhartt brand loyal, I try to buy on sale, Henley was just over $20 so not much discount but Carhartt sells out - here on Amazon and in western wear stores - even if you pay full price you won't regret it.  If the shirt fits buy it in every color!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's been a long, cold winter here in the Northeast and I needed to add a couple of more thermal undershipts to my wardrobe.There are more expensive brands than Carhart and maybe they are more \"fashionable\". However, when it comes to keeping me warm and lasting for years, I've never found a better brand.If I do have one minor complaint it's that the sleeves are too long. Granted, I'm only 5'8\", but the sleeves are long enough for guys playing in the NBA."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These socks are absolutely amazing, and I cannot believe how much better my feet feel after long walks or workouts with wearing them.  They make all of the difference in the world.I learned about the Cool Max sox from reading Leslie Sansone's book, and decided I should use all of the research that the US Army put into finding which socks held up well for soldiers in the field.  These are for walking workouts, and have excellent cushioning just where you need it, plus they wick away moisture.Your feet will love you for getting these!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The fit on these t-shirts are ludicrous. I ordered a small and what I received would be considered a large had I ordered it from Gap or Land's End. While I am by no means tiny, Carhartt's version of the venerable t-shirt is only a couple notches shy of a gown on my frame. You gotta be a big corn-fed American boy to sport one of these.Running it through the dryer made it worse; the neck hole shrank but the other dimensions remained almost unchanged. Even the pocket sits forlornly off to the side, as if seeking the shelter of my armpit. This is possibly the most awkward t-shirt I've ever bought."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Have purchased Carhartt for years and recently have noticed the fit and the crew ribbing at neck have not been uniform. Different locations where made all have different issues. Purchase in question, color spinach is stamped &#34;original fit&#34;. No others have this and this fits the most different. Am comparing this to what I considered original fit when the product had tags. These are sized uniformly and the ribbed neck have held their shape after many washings. I've purchased the 6.75 oz. only when stated, when no mention of weight assume their not. Am not a happy camper."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If your guy is tough on clothes... You know, he has one token clean shirt on a marginally clean pair of jean without caulk, grease, etc all over them for &#34;date nite&#34; then these shirts are for those guys.Fit great! Look great when they are clean. Can withstand lots of abuse. Last time I bought a cathartic shirt for hubby was a good 5 years ago. He has about 6-8 tees that all look something that are not even fit for the rag bag, that he wears regularly. Those shirts are thread bare with various rips. The carhart still has good material density after 5 years but the neck and shirt tail are definitely worn. It seems stains come out a little easier too... That's not right, the stains don't set as fast on a carhart tee as they do like on a hanes. Don't know if it the tighter fabric weave or special finish.We love them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "All the carhartt T-shirts I've bought have fit well and held up better then any other shirt I have ever bought. I buy them because I'm cheap. They wear like iron, hold there shape, the pockets are in the right position, (unlike other well known brands). I wear these or the long sleeve Carhartt t-shirts, every day. I haven't found anything better for less money that holds up as long as these shirts do. I buy the ones that are discounted the most, so colors might not be the fancy pants style most would want to have in there work wardrobe. I also need a pocket for pens and markers and stuff. Lotta shirts don't do that anymore. If they sold these (at the right price) and only in stripes or polka dots, even pink! I'd still be wearing  them. They are that well made and COMFORTABLE to be in."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this jacket to replace the exact same 4 year old jacket that is starting to show signs of wear on the sleeves and cuffs. This jacket is not exactly the same as the original. They cheapened it up quite a bit. The lining is not of the same quality. The quilting is thinner and the elastic in the cuffs is not as elastic. This jacket is compared to a 4 year old jacket that has been worn three seasons for four years.This jacket appears to be typical of much you buy today. It's made with cheaper material, by an off shore manufacturer for pennies on the dollar.If I had bought this in a 'brick and mortar' store and had other jackets to compare it to, I may have passed it up for a higher quality piece.Still an okay jacket, but not the same."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was originally looking at the Sandstone Sierra Jacket but after trying on the Sandstone Active Jacket at a local store, I realized that the active jacket is more suited to getting in and out of a car... less \"jacket\" in the arms and waist. Both are very comfortable and warm. The hood serves as a scarf and as a hat when I get caught in the rain, sleet or snow. I am 6'1\" and approx 200lbs, the large fits me well, comfortable with some room for layering when needed. Frontier brown is a good shade - not brassy but not flat. I really like this jacket."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband is 3x type guy that works in cold areas on ocassion.  He's purchased carhartts for more than 30 years and knows they always run small so he opted for 2 sizes bigger than normal in the insulated bibs and,as it turns out, the largest size carhartt offers.  Sadly they were still at least 2 sizes too small!  He was soooo disappointed to have to return these and purchase an brand other than carhartt.  Wish Carhartt would review their sizing and offer a bit more of the larger sizes AND more accurate sizing information.As I said... sadly, these were returned.  :("}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Levi 501 jeans for years but were always annoyed by the waist height aspect of the fit, and weakness in certain seams. Ditto on most brands of khakis, the office rat's jeans.  After purchasing a couple pairs of Carhartt's excellent khakis, I decided to try their jeans.  I have never before had a better fit in a pair of jeans,or a more correct sizing of the waist and inseam.  They are so comfortable my wife has to steal them away to wash them, so I got more of them. I have several Carhartt products and I can assure you they are made for maximum durabilty, value and comfort for the working man.  The relaxed fit version is especially comfortable on horseback because it allows your legs to move without pulling down the waist.  Best ever jeans!!And the best source I found for price and prompt delivery was Amazon.  If they say they have it, you get it quick and well packed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Well I've been wearing these jeans for a few years now. Levi's and others seem to have lost their quality and fit goal and so a number of years ago I stopped buying levis. The particular jeans fit well...I'm not the smallest guy around at 6 foot tall and 285lbs. These jeans fit well and are comfortable to me, they fit like jeans should on a man...(certainly not skin tight). Good product and well made (the product line pics don't really do it justice). I will continue to buy these jeans as long as Carhartt keeps the product on course. Well made quality product that fits right."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These jeans are B17,s.  The description states they fit at the natural waist.  Not so, check Carhartt's web site and B17's are described as fitting slightly below the waist line.  Plus, the waist size runs way small.  I ordered 35\" waist and the waist was more like 32\" or 33\". Had to return.  However, Carhartt B13 does fit at the natural waist.  I am a Carhartt fan.  I wear B151's everyday to school and they work great. Sometimes sizes may run a little inconsistent."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband is extremely picky and hard to please.  He needed new jeans but has been disapointed with the quality of Levi's brand.  I knew Carhartt makes tough work clothes and outerwear that lasts, so I asked him to try these.  I bought 2 pair and awaited delivery.  My husband loves them.  They fit perfectly in the waist and length.  I have washed them since purchase and they have not shrunk or faded.  I plan to buy more when I need to from Carhartt since he is happy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these jeans because I just got tired of the high price of Levis.  These things are so good, that I just donated my used Levis.  These fit nice. look good and seem substantial.  Since my first two pairs, I bought two more, and will soon order another two pairs.  Got to have plenty on hand.  I recommend them if you're a blue jean wearer, and want a better fit, that doesn't seem to shrink as much as some of the competition."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So I bought a pair because I remember having a pair years back that looked really nice and were quite comfortable. This style has back pockets spaced wider apart than I remember - somewhat similar to Wrangler 13MWZ &#34;cowboy pants&#34;.Contrary to popular opinion, Wrangler butts don't always drive them nuts. My girlfriend doesn't like the look so much. I had ditched two pairs of 13MWZ for the same reason.I will keep them because, well, I am too lazy to send them back and they are very comfortable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bought a pair of 33x30. I think they fit like 28x30. Like 3&#34; short of snapping.I bought these because I am tired of paying a lot for Levies and never knowing where I am getting a good price or a horrible price. Also, what model, etc.FYI - My wife did not like these. Thought they looked very very boring. Old man pants.Liked:- Quality made or so in my opinion in the 10 min I looked at them and tried them on.Disliked:- About 5 sizes too small. Not sure why. I checked the inside label to be sure.- They are a bit old man looking. More so than I could tell from the online pic."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Tried the rest and buying again the best.My previous pair of World Tour Classic was 14 XW, but Rockport stopped making extra wide in size 14.So, I risked and ordered 14 W. It's the winner! Still not tight and good support from the bottom.Rockport World Tour Classic makes the most comfortable and durable shoes I've ever owned.My previous pair of the same lasted for almost 7 years. Still looks good. The bottom is getting worn out though, but what do you want from a 7 year old shoes.Tried a few pairs of Dunham because they make size 14 4E, but they were completely uncomfortable (the platform is almost not bendable). Those went back.Thinking of buying a different color of the same shoes now.Wear them to work and whenever else have to wear the pants."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I actually take an E width in a shoe but decided to try these in the 9.5D.  They are a little tight across the top of foot which was expected as even EE boots are tight there.  I will use a form stretcher at the spot and they will feel fine.  I found these on a closeout at a fantastic price via Wholesale Deals so could not pass them up.  GREAT SHOE at a GREAT PRICE!  On top of this they were received within three days.  &#34;THANKS AGAIN AMAZON&#34; for a great deal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've worn Rockport brand for many years and I've purchased more than a few pair of these very shoes.  However, when I purchased this most recent pair of the World Tour Classic,  the decline in quality workmanship was very noticeable. The shoes are now made in Vietnam and the look of inferior materials is very obvious on this shoe. The logos and Rockport brands are still in the same place, but \"made made materials\" (cheap plastic?) has replaced what used to be leather.  Very disappointing for a $ 100 shoe.  What has happened to what was once a good company?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My criteria was that I expect to be doing some traveling soon so wanted a shoe that had many sneaker-like features, but worked in more social and business situations, especially in countries that frown upon sneakers in non-athletic situations.I've been wearing them for about a week. Shoes pretty good overall. Good feel and fit, works well with my stride.Couple of minor dings:1. Color of actual shoe closer to a brown, rather than the greyish khaki of the picture2. Collar of the shoe has a shallower angle compared to my other shoes, so it rubs against my ankle bone. It's a padded collar so it's not too bad, but could get irritating over a long day.3. Stock insoles were pretty thin.Modifications:A. Replaced insoles with Dr. Scholl gel inserts, although may have to find a thicker insole or double up to avoid ding #2 aboveB. Sprayed the shoes with a Camp Dry equivalent.If I remember, I'll post an after-action report when I return from my trip."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "ROckport Men's World Tour walking shoes just fit.  Requires virtually no break in period, and its look is timeless. This isn't a shoe for formal wear, but it does well for dressed down business or walking about.  The sole is balanced, giving good lateral stability as well as great support.  There is ample toe room with the gradually rounded toe.  The one complaint if there is one is that Rockport could do well to invest more in laces that don't come undone easily.Otherwise, it is the most comfortable shoe and a good value.And the sole of the shoe won't break apart in two year as does the Ecco brand."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes have the most inferior insole of any walking shoe. If you want to add a decent insole, you won't have much breathing room for your foot. The shoes overall aren't as comfortable as everybody is saying, but I have a slightly wide foot. I am fine when I wear my New Balance shoes with a width of D. I do believe that this shoe isn't what it used to be. They are a decent pair of shoes for someone on a budget. I bought theRockport Men's Ct Sport Oxfordwhen I bought these, and highly suggest those. Those shoes have a much better insole, and the shoe breathes well."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These Rockports are very much like well-made, socially-acceptable versions of athletic shoes.  They are very flexible, take no time to break in, provide good traction, and look almost like a pair of dress oxfords.  Because they are nicely padded -- which adds to the comfort -- they tend to look a little blocky, so that they're probably not your cup of tea if you're looking for stylish dress shoes.  But for going on a cruise -- where you want to wear a single pair of your size 13 shoes and not have to pack extras, and will be walking a lot -- these are wonderful."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a replacement pair for one that I have been wearing for years! These shoes are comfortable right out of the box - no break-in period. The nubuck finish is a bit suede like, but not as fussy, I like the look and the color. I notice an inconsistency in the inner-sole of one of the shoes. The foot feels a very slight but annoying change in sole thickness just in back of the toes. When I ordered an additional pair in black, that same inconsistency was even more evident in one of the shoes - so I returned that pair. Be aware of the error - you may need to return them as well if the feel is apparent to you.Based on my last pair, I expect these will last beyond my interest period. At some point you just want a new pair of shoes and these things refuse to die! I use them for everyday use for all but dressy occasions."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Haven't had them too long but the quality seems great for the price.  The grip on the bottom is really good, but its a hard material so they seem like they wont wear out fast or hurt your feet when you step on a sharp rock.  The stitching, velcro and straps all seem very good. Most comfortable sandals Ive had yet, the rubber you step on is squishy. They also have a lip in the front which helps protect your toes and keep them planted in the sandal. I ordered a 13 and they seem very true to size. hope they last!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was able to fit my 120lb ex in this bag (Just so we are clear it was when we were dating, I didn't kill her or anything). I use it to store a memroy foam mattress for transport to my college apt. This is a big and durable bag I have loaded lots into before and dragged to my car (Again...it was not a body). The zipper and bag seem pretty stout and have held up for me so far. A strap would be a nice addition if I had anything to gripe about it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I coach my son's little league team and decided to get my own equipment and bag. I bought this hoping it would have room for 5 batting helmets, catchers gear, balls and bats but for the price I wasn't expecting it to last more than the season.What I received is a monster of a bag. The quality is quite good and I see this bag lasting a very long time. It's actually far bigger than I need it to be. I would estimate that it holds around 8 to 10 loads of laundry. It's just enormous.I would definitely recommend it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this Texsport bag to store myGuide Gear Double Wigwam Tent.  This bag is huge and is big enough for my 8-man tent with room to spare.  The only thing I don't like is it doesn't come with a strap.  There are plastic loops where we can attach a strap, but we must supply our own straps.  It does come with carry handles and a zipper down the middle, which I like more than the ones that open on the end.This is one tough bag.  Great for camping.  I'm glad I found it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband loved these when he first put them on and continued to love them - except that after they were washed, they turned a funny color. They are no longer brown. Instead they look like they were washed with something that bled into the brown threads and I guess it was the dark fleece lining that did it...because the pants were washed alone. They are still wearable. They just look a little odd now. But for around the house and yard, walking dogs, hunting - they'll be fine."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear these in the yard and when working in the cold and snow and I love them. They really do help keep me warm in the wind.I wear a 38 x 30 or 32 depending on the cut and style of jean. In work boots these are the perfect length for a person who normally wears a 30 length. The same is true of the width, I am usually a perfect 38 and these fit really well.When I need a pair of jeans for wearing after work I will be looking at Wrangler. Very impressed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Problem is I put it on the ground and it moves when you put your shoe through it.  It has screws to mount it but I can not use that application. I need it for anyone who passes through my gate at the backyard and it seems a bit narrow for the shoes we use. It is truly a \"Boot Brush\" with the high sides which would be fine for a work boot or sneaker but I would do better with a straight across brush since we use flip flops and sandles much of the time and the sides are too high for those type of shoes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm very pleased with this purchase, especially having bought them during an Amazon sale.  The blue is clear and bright, the setting is secure, and they fit well on the ears.  The post is a little higher than center so I often find myself turning them to be sure they are falling correctly, but it really doesn't make a difference.  The white gold really complements the blue and I much prefer these set in white rather than yellow gold because of the very cool color of the stones.  For those who have light colored eyes, these are especially complementary.  I have received numerous compliments when wearing these and I wear these very, very often, sometimes not removing them for weeks at a time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These duragold 14K yellow gold half-round hoop earrings are the best on Amazon! These are made high quality in nature and are made to last. These have a great clasp that won't ever let you down. These will not fall off-they are made well. These look classy, stylish and are a must-have for all. They do look bigger in the picture than they really are though but I didn't want them too big. They are by no means small just not as shown-so please keep that in mind when purchasing them. I absolutely love these earrings and will have them forever. A definite recommend to others on this one!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Of all the earrings I received for Christmas these were my favorite. Maybe because I bought them for myself. Nice, simple and smallish gold hoops. They are not as big as you would expect judging by the picture shown. After doing a little research on duragold (because really, what is it?) it appears to have a slightly lower percentage of gold in it and reportedly the strongest gold alloy ever. Whatever that is. Still, I love these except the post is a little long and gets caught on my clothes. I'd buy them again and I would buy them as a gift."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These 14K gold hoops are about the diameter of a dime  1/2 inch, and the width is about 1/4 inch.  The hoops seem sturdy, the catch looks fragile.  I did wear them for a week nonstop and they never came undone.  But I imagine taking them on and off repeatedly might eventually be an issue with the fragile looking catch.  These would be great for a child, and good for a women when she doesn't want a large hoop.  These have a post that sticks out a bit in the back, so they are not as comfortable as a hoop where the clasp goes inside the hoop. But it wasn't nearly  as uncomfortable as a butterfly back post because the post tends to hang downward rather than poking  straight back. They have a polish finish, and are a good choice for a small unobtrusive but substantial looking earring."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these hoops! They are so comfortable to wear and are a nice size if you want a hoop but don't want the dangers of catching them on anything.They were a bit smaller than I thought they would be, but once I put them on, I was hooked. I have short hair so they are visible regardless. If you have longer hair, these earring might be hidden.I'm glad I stumbled upon these - quite by accident. They are a replacement pair for ones my husband bought me that were almost 2\" across and made me look like DUMBO.The earrings are packaged nicely too. They come in a nice pouch with a authenticity tag.I highly recommend these earrings. Buy with confidence."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted small earrings to wear for every day, that I could also sleep in.  I need to wear white gold since I am cannot wear silver or inexpensive fashion earrings due to a sensitivity to those metals.I have fair skin and dark hair, but you can still see these.  You could also wear them in a second hole in your ear higher up if you piercings there.Someone else commented that they are about the size of a dime.  I would agree.  They are very well made, though, and lightweight. With the high cost of gold these days, they are worth the money."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The small size of these beautiful gold hoops makes them one of the most versatile earrings I own: they can be simple (for work), casual (with jeans and a sweater), or elegant (with a dress, if I want to keep the look low-key, or if I'm wearing a \"statement\" necklace requiring other jewelry to be minimal.)My one problem,resulting in the loss of one star, is that one of the clasps is so tight that it's difficult open and close the earring.  In hindsight, I should have returned them for another pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my mother in law as a gift. She loves them (I think she's just being polite) because my wife told me that she prefers gold hoops that are a little larger and thicker. Oh, well. She has already lost a few pairs of gold hoops and I'm sure these will suffer the same fate. Anyways, these would be better suited for someone who likes wearing small earrings. The picture of the dummy wearing the earrings doesn't give you an accurate idea of the size. Definitely pull out a ruler and measure it for yourself if you're unsure about the size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband purchased these for me to match a white gold necklace.  I wear them 95% of the time.  I sleep in them.  They are very small, but that's what I like about them.  They're dainty.  The latch is still working well, even though I shower in them and sleep in them.  I change them rarely, as they match the necklace which is sentimental to me.  I had meant to get some more white gold earrings and just haven't.  These have stood the test of time... even though I didn't mean to challenge them that way."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a 1\" gold hoop and found it with these earrings. The gold is shiny and beautiful. The clasp is solid and stays together. It is hard to find this size hoop. These are replacing a very large pair my husband bought me for Christmas. (They were so huge that I looked like DUMBO!)These are perfect to wear for dress-up or casual. I wear lot of turtlenecks so was looking for a pair that would not get caught all the time in them. This is the perfect size.I also have very short hair - so these earrings complement my hair style without overpowering me.They are also very comfortable - so much so that I sometimes forget I have earrings on.Buy with confidence. These earrings will delight anyone looking for a decent quality and reasonably sized gold hoop."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "UPDATE  I've owned these earrings for 7 years.  I wear them often and they look as good as the day they arrived from Amazon in 2007.  Perfect 14K yellow gold color, not brassy-looking at all like some gold is, they are the perfect size - 1\" in diameter.  Well made, yet light in gram weight, the post snaps shut with a nice click and doesn't feel like they will easily come unsnapped.  The hinge seems to be high-quality and strong too.  They are the perfect earring for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a typical guy that is basically clueless about jewelry, but I can certainly appreciate the ease of buying something on Amazon as opposed to going to a jewelry store and dealing with salespeople trying to push expensive products. My favorite move is when they take out their calculator and magically apply some unknown discount to what may or may not be a sticker price. My wife absolutely loved these earings - I don't know exactly why - but if your loved one is asking for gold hoop earrings these are the real deal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The reviews on these earrings were so mixed that I wasn't sure I was going to be happy when I received them. I'm pleased to say I was not unpleasantly surprised.They are flimsy, they're very light, they don't seem overly trustworthy, but they're very pretty AND under $150. If you're looking for solid heavy gold hoops that will last a lifetime, you need to visit your jeweler and be prepared to invest. If you want a delicate pair of chic hoops that will fill a hole in your jewelry box for less than the cost of a nice dinner out, these are for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I used to buy Duragold years ago, and was surprised and pleased to see it available here. I bought both the 4 mm and the 5 mm yellow gold ball studs. Please note the posts are shorter than normal, which I love because I can sleep in them without them poking the back of my head. The butterfly clasp is small, so I replaced them with a locking type of clasp from a different pair of earrings. I have worn the 4 mm ones in my second hole continuously for well over a month with no problem. One thing great about Duragold is that they're hypoallergenic, which is important for those who can have reactions to different alloys in gold. I really like this brand."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've purchased the 3mm, 4mm, 5mm & 6mm sizes.  I was happy with all, but not with this 6mm size.  These are from a different manufacturer/supplier, Leach and Garner.  While they look good, the posts are too short and very slippery, also the backs don't stay on tight, slipping off very, very easily.  I have thin to average ear lobes, but found I couldn't wear these without them falling off (potentially, getting lost).  Otherwise, they would have been fine.  I returned them and would not buy this pair again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The balls are brilliant and shiny and just the size I wanted.  Unfortunately the backs to the earrings as well as the stem connected to the balls are VERY thin.  One of the backs arrived wrapped around some random rubber piece of fabric that was shoved into the pouch the earrings came in.  When I tried to untangle the back from the stretchy, rubbery material the back lost all of its integrity, uncurled and flattened.  I was able to &#34;mold&#34; it back into a normal shape (the backs are tiny...this was no small feat), but it would not stay on the stem to the earing any longer.  Thank goodness I have a tons of extra backs in my jewelry box...although it took me a few minutes to find a pair of backs that would fit the ultra-thin stems on the earrings.  Pretty, but be careful with them.  Shipping was SUPER fast!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these on a gold box whim.  They are larger than I expected, and the rose color is not really discernible.  They look yellow gold to me.Yes, I'll probably keep them and no, I wouldn't recommend them to others.  They are much too large for second ear piercings.  They aren't the style I usually wear.  So far, the backs have securely held them in each ear and the posts are reasonable diameter.  They appear to be adequately made, but don't really look like high quality earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The ball earrings are beautiful and I was very disappointed to find that the posts are so short, what you would expect to find on earrings for a small child.  The posts were also thin, but that was okay.  Also, the tension backs were so tiny, I had a hard time handling them.  If I had purchased them for the Jan 2007 price, I might have kept them and had new posts and backs put on by my local jeweler.  The photo shows the posts and backs to be more substantial.  Sadly, I have to return them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These earrings are really pretty.  They look exactly like the picture on Amazon.  I got these on a Lightning Deal for $40, which I thought was a good price for gold earrings.  Unlike some reviewers, I like the 8mm size.  It is big enough to be seen clearly, without being too big to overpower the look.  I bought these earrings to match/coordinate with the Duragold 14k yellow gold beaded ball necklace.  They match perfectly.  So glad I got these.  If you are looking for a simple and classic look, then I would definitely recommend these earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are such a great size, are nice and shiny, and have a good weight to them.  I'm super happy with this purchase.  However, the backs are completely useless.  They just slide on and off, up and down the post--there is no catch whatsoever.  So I'm disappointed that I'm going to have to spend the time, money and effort to pick up replacement backs, but I expected this based on some of the other reviews.  So don't hesitate to buy these since they are great quality and a good value, but do plan to replace the backs before you wear them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these as a gift for myself, great quality, sturdy, comfortable to wear, I don't even feel they're there! They're a bit bigger than I expected, maybe next time I'll go for the smaller thicker ones on offer here at Amazon (if they go on sale! hint hint!) Even with my long curly hair they show. I'm very satisfied.Update: More than a year later and these earrings are perfect, I even sleep with them. They get mega abuse and they're still going strong."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was a pity gift to myself because it was my anniversary, and I've just had nose surgery.  Like other reviewers, I was also surprised at the quality of these earrings.  I try to look for bargains on Amazon to make my shopping dollars go as far as possible, and these seemed to be a good deal at $24.99 when regular price was $75.  Just since March 16, though, both retail and selling prices have changed on Amazon to be $34.99 and $70.  It's very true that the posts are a little thicker than normal, but not onerously so; the result is that the hoop is not going to slide around on your ear, and the post clicks securely into the catch on the other side.  The earrings are larger than I expected for the price, which is good, but they are not too big.  Nickel size is about right, and they feel as if they have some weight to them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Here is a great gift idea and a great value as well. For the price of just under $200, these are 14k yellow and white gold pieces that are stunning in style with a mirror-like finish that is a real eye-catcher. They are of a fair size  and look heavier than they are. They are well made and nicely presented in a gift box and a velvet pouch. They are stylish enough to be featured in a 5th Avenue window where they would probably sell for 2 - 3 times the price of admission here. Running out of time for your sweethearts holiday gift? Just pay a few more bucks for next day delivery and you are all set! I just don't see how you can go wrong with this fine set of earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I really wanted an ALL Rose Gold look. And this company makes them in all gold and all silver with one side glossy and the other a satin look which would be my first choice, but so far they do not have it in all Rose Gold. I have shoulder length hair and they barely show. I might switch to a dangle shape instead. However they are truly beautiful and rich looking. If I had gobs of money I would definitely keep them! I have to decide....it's hard to know what to do. I have a ring wth rose gold and would like earrings of same color to match."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I lost my beloved Danskin Women's Mosai-Ix Crop Pants somewhere, and since they've been discontinued I decided to try another Danskin style.I bought these leggings in my usual size medium, and found them to be way too tight.  The material was thin and shiny, and they gave me an unflattering look in the crotch.  I expected them to be fitted, but not like pantyhose.  Maybe a large would fit better, but I wasn't all that happy with the material either.  I'm going to return them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So much that I went back and bought a second pair in case they got discontinued.  I hate putting shoes on, so the slide style is great for me.  The fit is perfect, the support is fabulous, and they must look really cool, because I have had perfect strangers in the park approach me to ask me where I got them.I'm a little ambivalent about the pink bow issue ever since it was brought to my attention.  But I can live with it in exchange for how pain-free my orthopedic feet are when I wear them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like the shoes, a lot.  The only issue I have is the top, instep is very snug.  It is making my foot sore.  I think it will loosen up a little, so for now I am only wearing the shoes part time.  I needed these to wear in the house, for some support while I am doing my normal house chores, so I just take them off for a bit, then go back to them later.  I hope they loosen up, I really like New Balance shoes, have been purchasing this brand for years."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these based on the wonderful reviews, I have a black pair from Sketchers that I loved that I figured would be similar..not really.  These just putting them on, HURT, I had to jam my feet in them (due to that non moving elastic (?) piece on the top where the laces would be) to get them in.  I can't really walk comfortable but am hoping that maybe they need time to stretch?  I don't have wide feet and never needed any special type of shoe but these were really tight across the top!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these New Balance mules for around-the-house wear because they slip off easily when I need to go outside to work in the garden, however, they are so comfortable I find myself wearing them for shopping and other social activities as well.They are attractive--look great with jeans and cutoffs--and most important, my heel stays in the shoe. They run true to size. I wear a 9 medium and these in that size fit perfectly. I wish I had them in several colors. I may never go back to lace-up shoes again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "when I first bought it I was afraid he wouldn't like it, since it wasn't Iron man, or anything of that sort. But he was so excited that he made me write down the table chart for multiples of fives for the living room so he can reference it and find the time. The watch also is glow in the dark! which i didn't know. and its waterproof....he still hasn't taken it off. He said &#34;my daddy has a watch, and now I have a watch. Mine is better though because I have lizards.&#34;"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this for my two-year-old.  He can't tell time, obviously, but he loves watches and wanted to wear one like Daddy.  It is so so cute.  The strap is completely adjustable, so I can pull it down to fit his tiny little wrist.  He will still be able to wear it when he is much older.  There isn't a second-hand; instead, two lizards go around the dial.  It is just precious and very sturdy too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My four year old had just gotten a watch and then my three year old decided he needed to wear a watch also.  He loves animals! This was the best one I saw. It is a fabric wrist band so it was easy to size to his very small wrist. Band is too long for him but I tuck it under and it stays fine that way. Doesn't poke or itch him and now he wears it to school like his brother and shows his friends. Of course he can't tell time but oh well he feels like a big boy.  It lights up when you push in the button, which is the second thing he shows people after he announcing it has lizards on it.  Arrived quickly from seller :)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the perfect watch!! I have been searching for a watch for my 4 year old son and this turned out to be the best we've found.  I saw some other timex watches but I guess they were a junior size, this size is perfect for my son's tiny wrist, it adjusts perfect and has a lot of length on the wrist so it can fit when he grows up.  The first thing we did with this watch was to go to the pool, my son wore it during a whole day of swimming and playing at the pool and it worked perfectly, it even has a light that he loves, the little geckos are cute, I would definitely recomend this watch...we really love it, and the price is perfect!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These 501's were exactly what I was seeking for my son, though they can be purchased in W.A. the different washes are not available. I really wanted the 'Rigids' and they are not here. To find I could buy them on 'Amazon' but shipping outside of 'US' was not available, was really OFF!So many things in the last 4 months are not available for shipping outside the 'US'. It sometimes takes a long time to find everything and it's not until one checks out to discover the item-s are not available for shipping.What can I say."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is what happens when you move a quality product from the US to a foreign country for manufacture.  I've worn Levi's 501's since before they were even called 501's (over 60 years) and this product is not a Levi 501.  It is pure garbage and I've ordered my last pair.  It really is a bummer to see what is happening to so many \"American\" products that are shipped overseas to cheap labor manufacturers.  I would even advocate a boycott of Levi until they return to the quality that made them famous...Now I have to search for a replacement...Maybe I'll try Wranglers....."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Just like always, if your from the west coast you know what I mean. Perfect fit as always but, the days of taking them home to wash and shrink them after purchase (shrink to fit) is still available But. the thick LEVI denim is a thing of the past. I remember back in late 60's, early 70's these pants would stand on there own when you would get them out of the washer they would chaff the hair off your legs all for $14.99, those days are gone. But with Global warming happening there a great pant and there priced right for the times."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The quality of Levis jeans seems to be a decline, an endless abyss. The back label, which supposedly should be leather, cardboard seems now. The jeans manufactured in Mexico and Egypt are the worst labels or at least, in my experience, has been. I think there should be more oversight by Levis in its factories around the world. Previously, a Levis jeans was a piece \"almost perfect\", today I can not say the same. I totally agree with all the people who are disappointed with diminishing quality of these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought a pair of 501's from Amazon and they feel a little lighter than my last two pairs I bought right off the shelf at SEARS almost a year ago. That's about it. I'm happy with my purchase. But! I usually buy 505's, but with the great variables in sizing I wont buy that style without trying them on first. Consistency is lost more or less, except with the 501's. The 501 style at least is going to fit the same way each time,no matter if they are made in Egypt or Mexico, Brazil or wherever they originate from. I always bought my jeans at Sears, but when you buy Levi 501's and see Egypt on the tags, well there's outsourcing and then there is outsourcing. Unbelievable, but get used to it. Its here to stay. Homemade will never be homemade ever again, at least for some products that is."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these on the grounds that I needed a taller size. I loved the color, but they came up only midway up my buttcrack. When I did the 'crouch down' test they revealed much, much more. The legs and fit indicated they were not original fitting as the leg stayed the same width all the way down the leg. All in all, what I ordered was completely different from what I thought I was ordering. If you're a tall guy like me, don't get them.Other than that, I'm giving them two stars rather than one for nice quality and color."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Don't be as stupid as the Levi Corporation.  Although Levi jeans manufactured in the 1950's sell for thousands of dollars in New York, the company has relentlessly degraded the product for 40 years now, trading on their name alone.  They are actually so stupid as to try to compete with the slaves in a Chinese concentration camp by accepting products manufactured in Africa and South America.  The original rivets are gone, their \"denim\" fabric is the worst quality; all seams fray, especially cuffs; belt loops fall apart; and the only appearance achieved is shabby tissue.  These fools do not have the intelligence to realize that people would pay hundreds of dollars for jeans produced on the design, material, and workmanship of the 1940's. Stop living in the past."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Of course it's nice when things change for the better and just as sweet when the small close to perfect things in life remain unchanged by time. This is the case with these Levi's 501 jeans.For decades my favorite jeans of all time. Countless designers and brands have tried to tap into the 501's iconic popularity but at the end of the day have always failed to do so.These are exactly how I remember them:* Heavy Denim* Re-enforced flawless stitching on all pockets, hems, waist line and inner leg.* Solid brass rivets on pockets* The classic brass rivet button flyOrdered in white these arrived quickly, wrapped in plastic with tags of authenticity. The fit and feel is marvelous and the price is sensational. Macy's and other stores sell 501's for twice this amount. The slim fit isn't constrictive nor are they pre-washed so expect a few washings before they feel like a second skin.Highest Recommendation!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like the color, but here again the inseam is about 2 inches too long (they are inconsistent). Here is the review i wrote for Lee:I am going to buy more Lee now than Levi's. I had never bought Lees until this holiday season. I now have several pairs and they are consistent (so far) in length and quality. i am 6 ft 3 and usually buy 34 x 34. With Levi's sometimes the inseam is slightly too short and other times it is almost 2 inches too long. I have many pairs of Levi's now that i must get hemmed. Plus their quality varies - maybe depending on where they are made. Some pairs seem more like Spandex than Denim. Nevertheless, sometimes i like the colors that Levi's offer so in the future i may buy them again. But mostly now Lees."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love 501 jeans, they fit just right in all the right places and I prefer button fly to zipper.  Note that the polished black is a bit different than the usual black jean (there is a plain black 501 as well).  The polished finish produces a shiny, more finished jean look which means that wrinkles are sharper and more noticeable -- the fabric is stiffer than the plain black jean.  If that happens, the tried and true technique of spraying the jeans lightly with water, wearing them or giving them a quick press will help.The stiffness of the fabric is part of the clean and neat appearance but unlike other 501s this also seems to reduce the &#34;give&#34; in the fabric and makes the fit tighter and slightly uncomfortable at first -- hoping this will work itself out after a few washes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've worn 501s for a very long time and they seem to be getting harder to find.  Especially in my size.  It seems I'm shrinking back to my old waist size (yay!) so I ordered a couple pair at that size and a couple pair 2 inches fatter.  The fatter ones don't fit and it was easy to return them to amazon.  - NOTE: I made sure that amazon was the seller! -To sum it up, these were some new pants to replace some worn out ones.  Nothing exciting there other than it was really easy to click some buttons and get exactly what I was expecting.  Perfect."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Levi's 501 jeans for literally half a century and the quality of the fabric has gone downhill to the point where a pair now lasts me less than a year before tears appear. I know that the stone wash type are actually tumbled with rocks and are not going to wear very long but I do expect the standard jeans to last a lot longer than a matter of weeks before having holes in the jeans from the fabric having worn thin. Dislike paying 10x as much and getting 1/10 the wear of the Levi's of the past."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was delighted with this watch when it came.  The black dial is very good looking  and easy to read. Adjusting the wrist band was more complicated than I had hoped for but I was able to do so with some help.  I would have given this watch a 5-star review but it stopped working after two days. I hope it only needs a battery because I love the watch and don't want to return it. 2/15 A  new battery worked for a few days than stopped. I reluctantly returned for a refund."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I needed an inexpensive watch to wear when in business attire and I normally have terrible issues with watches because my wrists are so small. However, this watch is absolutely wonderful. The band has an adjusting clasp that moves smoothly down the band.  There are little grooves for the clasp to grasp (didn't mean to rhyme) so it doesn't slide if too much pressure is put on it. The actual clasps are intertwined so double the protect. You do not need to worry about catching it on something and the watch falling off without noticing.  In general, the design is simple but elegant. THe black face with the small white cystals make it very sytlish. I'm extremely please with this product."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Title says it all. (This is the third Skagen I've purchased. I like the small, light design.)Also, some reviews of these watches say that the clasp tends to undo itself too easily, but I think that the current version of the watch has corrected that problem.Good: Keeps time well, comfortable, looks great as a dress watch *** BUT I SUGGEST THAT YOU ONLY WEAR IT WITH A DARK SUIT ***Bad: I've had it for a while, and mainly use it as a dress watch, and I have had nothing to complain about so far. In terms of color coordinating, its dark band and face means that is not as versatile a dress watch as the silver Skagen, so if you are have one watch, then stick with silver."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch I received did not have the word \"Titanium\" on the dial as shown, which led me to think that it was a fake. Returned and waiting for a refund. I'll be buying this watch again but from a different merchant. Do not purchase this particular Skagen model from Jomashop.Updates*: So I returned the watch and ordered another one, this time, from Watchstar. And guess what? It doesn't have the word \"Titanium\" on its dial either. I suspect that Amazon just sent me back what I had returned. I guess I'll just take the 30% off they offered for this faulty product."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch is really stylish. I wear it for casual-dressy ocassions and get compliments on it often.At the beginning I could not adjust the band (one size fits many) to fit my wrist and have it lock into place properly. Therefore I could not close the clasp when I put it on my wrist. I took it to a local jeweler to adjust properly (only charged $5). If you have difficulty also don't force it. Take it to a jeweler - you'll be happy you did.And then, the clasp mechanism itself is a bit complex - putting the watch on and taking it off is a bit tricky - it takes patience and some getting used to. After wearing it a dozen times I haven't quite mastered it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have had a Skagen 800 series watch that I liked very much. The only way to replace the band when the black starts to turn silver is to send it back to Skagen in Texas for replacement. That costs $32 and includes anything else you want done, like changing the battery. I really love the watch and felt is was worth it. However, I felt so naked without it, and they said it takes 2-3 weeks to return, that I bought another one.The diameter of this watch is smaller, it is very thin and perfect for slender wrists like mine. I love the band. You adjust it once and it stays that size forever, looks great and doesn't absorb perspiration like leather. The color is rich and reflective and goes with everything. If you like a thin watch, rather than the big bulky ones that are so popular now, this is for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a good looking mesh band watch with a slim head to fit under dress shirts or just be wrist candy that you can forget about. Perfect match!! The blue is brilliant and the face is simple which lets the simplicity speak for itself. Price is great for a slim titanium face of good quality (as opposed to something like a Movado). The clasp is easily adjustable. THE ONLY DRAW is that the joints where the band meet the face are stiff - meaning they don't flex to fit your wrist like most watches. This is only a problem if you have skinny wrists but even then its only a minor flaw. Great watch. Happy I got to add Skagen to my collection."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "You won't find a better watch for the money. I don't think there IS a better watch. This is the most comfortable, reliable, long-wearing, easily adjustable watch I have ever owned. I have a $900 Movado that I never wear because the clasp always comes loose. Besides, I'm so happy with my Titanium Skagen I never want to wear anything else. The Skagen mesh bands are the most comfortable thing in the world against your skin.My only negative remark is don't buy the black. I had that one before and the black coloring wore off where the band meets the watchface, and it looked shabby. This watch I have now is all Titanium, nothing to rub off."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pros:  It's gorgeous.  Silver face and silver mesh band goes with anything.  Looks much more expensive than it is.  Beautiful, sparkly round diamond-like chips for the numbers.  Lays flat against the wrist - not bulky and very comfortable.  Easily adjustable band.  Keeps good time.Cons:  No deal-breakers here, just things you might want to know ~ Not waterproof so you can't wear it in the shower. I have long hair and every once in a while it will catch in the mesh band. And no date display, if that's important to you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Just received the watch recently and it's just gorgeous. Really very beautiful. I do wish it had a second hand but I knew it didn't when I bought it. Another reviewer mentioned that the closed clasp when you wear it doesn't form a circle around your wrist. It's true, it's kind of square-ish where the clasp is and at first it bothered me but it doesn't anymore. I can't see it unless I turn my wrist over and it doesn't feel weird or anything. Just a minor thing anyway. The watch is not too small, not too big and is thin and sleek. I get compliments on it. I love it!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have purchased different brands and sizes of Knee Highs.  My legs are pretty wide at 200 pounds; but these knee highs are supposed to fit someone much bigger and heavy than I.  NOT TRUE.  I had to return them and have given up trying to find a pair of stockings/knee highs that I can wear without being tortured.  I am very short (5') so it's impossible to find regular stockings that won't choke my waist, and the same goes for the knee highs.  I have tried &#34;Q&#34; sizes to no avail, the elastic at the top is always terribly uncomfortable.  If you read this and have any ideas, please contact me? Thanks!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love, love, love this cosmetic bag! I can't say enough positive things about this bag. It works perfect for my needs. I have always found it frustrating digging through bags trying to find the bottle I need. This solves that problem being able to where everything is at a glance. The smaller pockets at the top fit things like band-aids, chap stick, and nail clippers while the middle sized ones are the perfect size for travel sized sample bottles. The larger pockets at the bottom are perfect for several larger 12 oz bottles such as sunblock and hairspray. The bag then folds in half to lay flat fitting perfect in a carry on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The item is not as pictured.  I just looked at the picture again.  The bottom plastic case are big enough to hold powder in the picture.  It is only big enough to hold small items.Also it has a horrible smell something like burning plastic.  I have aired it out while waiting for the seller to respond to me and it is still as bad.  Another review mentioned it.I found the seller's responses insulting.  I would never buy them from them again.All in All I find 99% of my purchases from Amazon are great.  I am a dedicated Amazon buyer and if I was Amazon I would removethis seller as they bring down the quality of Amazon's image."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these shoes for my husband who was opposed to wearing them initially.  After some coaxing, he raved about the comfort and is a Sperry convert.  Unfortunately, after wearing less than a week, they began to fall apart.  I returned them and ordered a new pair which were a size larger than they should have been despite being marked a 9.5.  Sooo, I returned them again.  This time, we'll buy in person as Amazon cannot be trusted to deliver a quality product that is sized correctly."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Beautiful mens shoe.  I ordered these for my husband as an everyday I love you gift and they went over very well!  He loves them and has pretty much worn them daily since.  They are a beautiful rich brown color that go great with everything.  He says they are comfortable and likes the style.  I like the three hole lace for him better that the other styles that only have two because he wears a size 11 it really helps break up the long look of the shoe.  Some of them just look silly in the front and make a mens foot look like a long bill.  These are much younger looking than the original style, but are still classy!  Great purchase and I know he will have them for a very long time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are neat looking suspenders.  I bought them for my husband, and he had not worn them very much.  Today, the snaps came apart, and they are no good any more.  Hope you have better luck with yours.  First pair of suspenders I've ever seen do that.Update:  I wrote the above because I was unhappy when they broke.  However, they replaced them immediately and the new pair seem to be fine.  I love the design!!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Let me preface this by saying that I've had my pair of these Keens for ten years. Ten. I bought them in the Navy in 2004 and I've been everywhere with them. Islands in Italy. Germany. Boating. Hiking. Biking. Painting. Kicking. You get the drift.They are still in my closet ready for another summer of abuse. I absolutely LOVE them. If you buy any pair of sandals, you're wasting your money. These are the real deal. I wish I could show you them, but they're shy. :-)Still comfortable. Still durable. Still awesome. Buy and you'll rack up the experiences.Peace and good journeys."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These fit well; are comfortable and look great. My husband is wearing them around the house for major projects! Not the exact intent for a pair of sandals. He just built a fenced in chain link fence in the back yard wearing these! He is also doing concrete work with these on! Silly, I know but that is him: he grabs whatever pair of shoes and cares not what they are when he is working So they have dust and dirt on them but the soles are so heavy duty that he is wearing them for these tasks! Got a great deal on them. I am sure they will clean up well. He is very hard on shoes; apparently you can use these for remodeling projects they are so heavy duty! Would buy him these again!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had dozens of these. They are great for hiking (as the name implies), but I also wear them for X-C skiing, walking the dogs, and around the house. They are very comfortable and decently warm. If it's a harsh winter, I'll throw on a polypropelyne sock liner underneath. I find that after about a year, they start to wear a bit and the fabric starts to get weaker, which can lead to holes.This led me to experiment with Darn Tough socks, which have a lifetime guarantee. I came to the conclusion that Darn Tough makes better low cut athletic socks (similar to the Smartwool Phd running/cycling socks), but that Smartwool still wins in the crew length/hiking sock category. They're just the best out there as far as comfort is concerned."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These Smartwool trekking socks are great for everyday winter wear in the cold weather.  I wear them around the house and they keep my feet warm and if I need to throw on some boots and take my dog for a walk or run out, they keep my feet warm in the outdoor weather.  They are cushioned but not so much that you can't wear them with regular sneakers.  Smartwool socks are the best I have found for winter socks to keep my feet warm.  My only recommendation is to make sure you get the right sized socks because if they are too tight, even a little too tight, it will reduce circulation which creates cold feet.  I would recommend these to anyone looking for a warm winter sock."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have very poor circulation in my feet, so they are cold all the time (really bad in the winter). I got some of these to wear around the house to keep my toes from going numb. They are really comfy, and they keep my feet warm :)I also use them when I hunt, and they work great. They don't make my feet feel wet if I sweat in them, and they are comfy all day.They are holding up really well too, I have had them over a year (3 pairs), and they still look/feel like new socks"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After searching around and doing a little research, I found out when Camp Dry changed the packaging they made the new fabric protector with a Blue top.  This is the same formula as my favorite of all time the RED Top...It is the best (I have tried them all) waterproofer for anything that is fabric, it is also to my knowledge the only one approved for re waterproofing your Gore Tex jackets.Almost all waterproof fabrics will lose the coating through washing and getting wet, so you can do two things with this product:Waterproof something that is not very waterproof  (Flannel shirt, cotton, fleece hat, cotton gloves,)OR add more Waterproof to something (Jacket, Tent, Unbrella, Shoes,)The OLD BLACK top cans are now Green they are best for Boots and heavier stuff like canvasKiwi Camp Dry, Heavy Duty Water Repellent, 12ozI hope you find this helpful, comment with any questions..."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you want something to keep you warm that's not going to show bulk under your tightest sweater, this is what you want.  In fact it's so sheer, I can't even find mine.  I think it's hiding somewhere in the inner reaches of my washing machine or maybe clinging to one of my bed sheets.  Other than that, it's fine;  easy to wash and it dries (not in the dryer) in a very short time.  Now if I could just find it...."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was delighted when it first arrived:  very silky, lightweight, long in the waist for tucking in, and a bit of a dip at the neck so it doesn't show above sweaters.  However, after washing it on delicate in lukewarm water and laying it out flat on a towel to dry, I was surprised to see how much it had shrunk in length...3 inches!  Luckily it still fits into my slacks, but not by much.  And the delicate pattern in the silk has condensed a bit, so it is not as silky as it was before.  Also, wearing it under a cashmere sweater does not protect me from feeling the slight itchiness of the wool on my skin.  Not sure if I would buy again, although I did feel warmer with it on, and the arm length is perfect.  I am a size 8 and I bought a small after having read the other reviews."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This product has made me very happy, although at first impressions, it looks too thin and sheer to be true. I replaced all my merino long johns with this as I developed an allergy from wearing too much merino too frequently, and now I can't touch them at all. Anyway, this brand is great, and I have also bought the equivalent tops as my base layer as well, they are warm and really light. My husband has heaps of these too and he really likes the range (long johns, long sleeve and short sleeve silk base layers). As the fabric is delicate, a little care during washing would be good. Otherwise, it washes well and dries very quickly unlike wool products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I live a pretty active life - so I really needed a great pair walking shoes that I could also wear for casual dress.  These looked great on line and got great reviews, but it's always a &#34;shot in the dark&#34; when you buy shoes on line.  When these arrived I put them on right away, walked about 6 feet and realized that they not only fit, but they felt really good on my feet.  I didn't even have to break them in - I just immediately went on a 2-mile walk and felt like I was walking on marshmallows.  (That's a good thing!)  These shoes are light weight and my husband says they look good on my feet, too.  (I agree.)  I am a size 8 medium and these ran true to size.  Oh - And did I mention they're vegan, too.  Big plus for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This watch has everything I was looking for.  It is clear and concise, has day/date feature and Indaglo so I can see it in the dark.  I travel a lot and don't have to turn on the light at night.  I have a collector watch I am retiring and have a band I wanted to transfer to the new one.  Fine.  I read a complaint from someone regarding setting the day.  To do this you wind the watch backwards and the day will change correctly.  Otherwise, you will mess everything up."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I haven't seen an analog Timex Easy Reader priced this low for the past five years.  It's the perfect professor's watch because:1.  Only professors wear them (students have abandoned wrist watches in favor of cell phones, iPods and other digital devices).2.  Besides providing that dependable Timex time, it offers both the day of the week and the date (I'm just beginning to master the year and month without assistance).3.  If the watch is misplaced (the difference between a professor and an elephant), the cost of replacement is not prohibitively high.  (The same goes for repairs which, once you've factored in the drive to Walmart, are also not cost effective.)Thank you, Amazon.  Life is perfect."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was looking at watches with my friend and when she came across this one, I wanted it too. Little did I know she had bought it for me for Christmas!!! :)  You can't beat a Timex! It's a Men's watch and although I am a woman, it looks good on my dainty wrist. Large face watches are still in and this looks really classic, simple and stylish enough for everyday. I had to adjust the band but that was nominal in price. I love the date/day mode as well. The blue face is such a nice color and I think will look great in the summer too! Can't say enough&#8230; it just a great watch, fashionable and a great price! Enjoy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very nice Timex watch with comfortable expansion band which is a little tight for my small wrist(7 inch) but not too tight and is easy to remove and put back on. The best thing I like is the easy to read dial and the indiglo light to read in dark. Just push stem button in and lights up nicely in dark.It looks like the band is gold plated though it does not mention. As for the day and month setting,I just can not get the stem in right position for that feature,I am not interested in the month and day setting,but would be nice if easier to use.I like the 10 year battery as the instructions state,I remember not too long ago having to get new battery about once a year.Another good watch at a good price that looks more expensive than it cost from Timex. I do recommend this Timex watch with the minor points I mentioned.A very readable timepiece to tell the time with and that's what counts."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "even if you are not, buy this watch.  I am a nurse, much like many of the other reviewers.  In fact, I bought it due to their reviews.  It is a fantastic watch.  Easy to read, has an illumination option and a handy date feature.  The only trouble I have is the size of the band (too long).  I will take it to a jeweler to take a few links out, however, the directions for doing this yourself make it looks easy (it's not).  Don't even bother looking for another watch, this one is a steal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, the strap is black but the dial itself is brown. It's very cute! great for simple outfits and it even has the date. The light up mechanism itself, is a button on the side that you pressed. I thought it would be the numbers itself so when I'm groggy in the middle of the night, I can just half-open my one eye, and I will be able to tell the time, but no, I have to push the button. Maybe I'm spoiled by technologies, but it's not hard to just make it glow, right? ah, what do i know."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this watch because I had the same model watch for a couple of years and loved it.  Then tragedy struck -- I dropped it on a tile floor and broke it.The watch his sturdy and attractive.  The numbers are easy to read and the hands are very clear and glow in the dark.  The Indiglo feature is a big part of what makes this watch great because you only need to push the button to see the time at night.The only thing I found disappointing was that the other watch had the date also and this one does not."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this watch -- it is the perfect face size for my wrist and thus far has been extremely durable and reliable. I've had this watch and used it daily for several months now and it has surpassed my medium-low expectations. I've dropped it and knocked it around a bit, and it has held up great. Keeps good time, and the band is still going strong despite daily use and abuse. Worn this swimming a few times as well with no problems. Great watch, and looks a bit more classy in reality than it does in the picture."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these Timex Watches, the face is a bone colour and the numbers are black and easy to see.The minute and hour hand glow and the indiglo is the best for at night or in the dark. I really likethe red minute hand which on my watch, actually lines up with the minute increments on the face.I found this model to be very comfy to wear, I always prefer leather straps and this one isnice and soft.The watch is neither too large or too small on my wrist, a perfect fit.The Easy Set Alarm is just that, easy! And loud enough too!If you need a watch for reminding you of things throughout the day, thenthis is the one for you.I don't care if this watch/battery only lasts for 12 months, because I buy a newwatch every year on my birthday, but I'm sure it will take the knocks I dish outjust like my other Timex."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great Watch... I am on my 2nd one. My first watch is still working and keeping excellent time on my friends ATV handle bars. lol  I replaced the Band twice and bought a new one simply cause it started to not look so nice. It took the licking and kept on ticking for years with the original battery. Just too banged up to be presentable. So before the 3rd band wore out, and the battery failed... I decided to just buy a new one here. In a nutshell, Great watch... Easy to use... and a great price on Amazon.Mark from CANADA!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got this for my six year old as a way to reinforce the need to learn how to tell time. I was surprised with how large the watch seemed right out of the box but it is very easy to adjust the band to fit even the smallest wrist. The face is the perfect size for kids to see. The hands are labeled &#34;minutes&#34; and &#34;hours&#34; and of course the hours are marked around the face. The one complaint I have with the watch is that after you hit 30 on the minute labels, the minutes count down back down to zero so instead of saying &#34;35 past the hour&#34; they must read it as &#34;25 til the next hour&#34; -- not sure if this is the standard way of teaching time but we've had to adjust our thinking a little bit to help our 6 year old interpret the time after 30. Overall I am happy with the watch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have had several Timex's over the years and they've all held up.  Timex watches usually outlast the bands they come with!  We bought this for our daughter who was learning to tell time in First grade.  All in all it's a good watch and she likes the look of it.  The only complaint we have is that the numbers for the seconds are really small, making it hard to read them. In a perfect world, those numbers would be a bit larger.  All in all, a great watch for a young one learning to tell time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a really good looking ladies watch, plus it has my favorite feature of pushing the stem and having the watch face light up.  This is especially great during a boring movie, play, opera, etc., to tell you how much time you have left before you can get out.  Or going on a trip and waking up in the middle of the night and being able to see the time.  The gold finish with the pearlized face gives it a nice, expensive look.  The band is nice, but I'd like to see a grosgrain band for a dressier look.  All over, This watach gets an A+ from me, because of the price and the great look combined."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have the double front cargo pants from carhartt and these are quite a bit longer, which is good for me, because I am 6'8&#34; and finding something that fits like these is not easy.  I just got these so I have not had a chance to verify the durability, but I can say that they are water resistant.  These are probably the best standard work pants for wet weather and resisting stains.  But I like how they are cut and the fit is ideal for wearing layers underneath but wearing them alone is fine as well. carhartt makes very practical work clothing and they tend to know what they are doing."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "MY HUSBAND FARMS, WELDS, CLEARS FENCE LINES, CUTS TIMBER, ETC AND ALWAYS WEARS OUT OR RIPS  THE DENIM JEANS DOWN THE THIGHS WHILE THE REST OF THE FABRIC LOOKS LIKE NEW. GOT 2 PAIR (ONE ON AND ONE IN THE WASH) JUST TO SEE HOW THEY'D WEAR. AT LAST A PAIR OF JEANS EVEN HE COULDN'T RUIN. TIGHTLY WOVEN DUCK MATERIAL WITH DOUBLE THIGH FABRIC WON'T GET RIPPED UP BY BRIARS AND UNDERBRUSH. WON'T FRAY FROM 80# HAY BALES RUBBING AGAINST HIM AS HE CARRIES THEM. DIESEL FUEL ROLLS OFF THE TIGHTLY WOVEN FABRIC AND BACKHOE GREASE SCRAPES RIGHT OFF. REAR POCKETS ARE TACKED ON SO TIGHT EVEN GETTING CAUGHT ON TREE BRANCHES AS HE'S RUNNING THE BACKHOE WONT TEAR THEM. THESE JEANS WEAR LIKE IRON AND LAST LONGER THAN 4-6 PAIRS OF HIS DENIM ONES. YOU'LL PAY MORE FOR THEM BUT STILL SAVE MONEY SINCE THEY LAST SO LONG."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this watch for several months now and I really like it. The second hand is nice for timing things, and it is very easy to read the time. It's also very simple so it doesn't compete with other jewelery. However, as other reviews stated, this watch is VERY small. My writs are almost exactly 6 inches around and I wear this watch on the third-largest size, so it definitely wouldn't go more than ~6.5 inches around your wrist. Other than that, it's very nice, delicate, and simple."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I looked for a long time for a 'starter' watch for my daughter.  I thought this was the best of what I could find.  First the pros:  the numbers are large, the second hand is a butterfly, and it lights up.  Cons:  the wrist band is adjustable which really means that it is never tight enough and slides around a lot.  I was hoping she would want to wear it every day, but she really doesn't like that it's not secure on her wrist."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After years of trying to teach my (now 8-year old) daughter to tell time, this watch was the thing that did the trick. It's got a pink hour hand, which matches with the pink hours printed on the watch face, and a purple minute hand, which matches with the 0-60 minutes printed on the watch face. She just matches them up (pink hour hand goes with pink numbers, purple minute hand goes with purple numbers) and she knows the time.It's perfectly sized for little wrists- the band is elastic with a little metal slider that allows for the watchband to be made smaller or bigger- and can be slid on and off. It's also water resistant, so my daughter can wear it in the pool and in the shower with no worries.Thank you, Timex, for finally answering the question &#34;what time is it *now*?&#34;"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We have had many of these watches over the course of the last 13 years and 4 kidsI LOVE the following :-if they loose it, Timex will replace it-it is analog....kids need to learn this before going digital..it's vital!-it's sooo cute-the price...quality,  and it is able  get wet so the child does not have to take on and off constantlyMy only gripe on this watch is the band mechanism to secure the length of the strap. It seems to wiggle over time, or come loose. I wish it was able to hold it a bit &#34; tighter&#34; . We graduate our kids to a Timex Ironman digital once this has ran it's course."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These watches are wonderful for children learning the nuance of time.  There are small numbers at the edges reminding them that if the big hand is at 10, it is 50 minutes after the hour, etc.  They are comfortable, and inexpensive enough that the kids can wear them to school without worry.  They are NOT water proof, so need to be taken off before showering or swimming, but can endure almost all other activities.  My granddaughters wear theirs always and I believe it helped them to learn time quickly and painlessly.  The batteries are long lasting.  They come in a wide variety of patterns and colors for both girls and boys.  You really can't go wrong with these watches."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Keen is one of the main brands of shoes that I wear this is my 4th pair these are great for beaches, hanging out or just casual walking but not for trailing.Pros: They are comfortable I don't have any problem at all with the fit and they are supportive at least for my feet. slipping them on and off is pretty easy for me so that's not a problem. Love that color combo! They protect my toes well as most Keens do. They have nice treads.Cons: THEY GET STINKY! I don't usually have problems with foot odor at all, but an attempt at bicycling, or long hikes in these and EWWWWW!  I find myself washing them frequently to avoid the odor."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'd give 3.5 stars if I could.  They look great and seem well made. they are super lightweight which makes them comfy but if you have sensitive feet like I do, there is one thing that you may not like. The inside footbed has a pattern on it and since the footbed is a molded raised material, this bothers me some.  I prefer a smooth surface but again, it is because I am sensitive and it makes the bottom of my foot sore just like if you had tiny debris under your foot would.  The super light weight though really is fabulous. I also like that it has good toe room so your big toe does not rub on top."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like these a lot.  They are comfortable and very sturdy.  I have trouble with pronation, especially in my right foot.  These keep me walking more like I should be, almost like having linear platform built into them.  My ONLY complaint is that they run a little small.  I don't mind paying extra for good shoes like this, but I wish they were more true to size. UPDATE:  I wore these all summer long, and it didn't take long before these fit my foot really well, and were my go-to shoes most every day, leaving my 50+ other pairs of shoes in the dark closet!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am so glad that i listened to the reviewers.  I am a true size 10 in all my shoes but ordered a half size larger for these and i am so glad i did that!  These fit perfect!!  I wore them last evening on a bicycle night ride and it was muddy and wet - i showered with these shoes on to clean them off and they are as good as new!!  I want to wear flip flops while biking but that's unsafe so i found these are even more comfortable because they give support , let air in for coolness and have toe protection too - plus they look really sporty!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have several pair of a no longer made Keen \"flip style\" which I love, but I love this shoe even better.  It has the same supportive sole, the toe protection and the secureness of the heel strap.  I love the flips for easy on, but for really walking around - this shoe is perfect for me.I have a normal to slightly high arch and a squarish foot.  I ordered my normal Keen size 9 and fit was perfect.  I threw caution to the wind and wore these 3 days in a row after receiving them - most of the days, tromping around doing errands.  I had 1 spot that was resolved by a nail trim and that was that.  I expected more irritation from the webbing but NOT!A bit more effort to put on than a slide or flip but not that much so they work for a quick out with my dog.I bought these on a \"special\" and wish I'd bought another or 2 more pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes meet the requirement of my foot surgeon!  This is a very difficult task!  They are very comfortable on my feet, the look great and they are very safe!  I love these shoes!  This was a very good by for me!  I have worn them all around while traveling to the Grand Canyon!  Believe me there was a lot of walking to do!  I felt protected, safe, comfortable and attractive all in one!  Amazing shoes!  Thank you!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I actually bought these from another site because of a 20% coupon code and free shipping,  although I did have to wait longer.....but anyways....Might I say this blue color is fabulous and uber cute! !!My feet are slightly wide. .. not wide enough for wide shoes,  but sometimes look puffy in mediums.  Mt size is a 9.I would say the 9.5 is perfect fit.  Not too snug,  even after walking 2 miles and my feet swell a bit,  they were not too snug and still felt good. Plenty of toe room too.The bottoms are a little more plasticy feeling,so to speak, than I expected but still comfortable.As a woman who has made the decision comfort is a priority but I still want a little cute,  I'm really happy with this purchase, perfect for the chic hippie,  lolBottom line. ..I world suggest 1/2 size larger and they are fine for a slightly wider foot.Happy Shopping :-)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Note - I usually wear a 9 and have to wear a 10 in these!Once you know the sizing, though - they're awesome. I wore them for 2 weeks straight and hiked all over Guatemala and Honduras and the Bay Islands. Not a single blister or back ache. They're amazing. You don't slip on wet surfaces, your feet stay in them, your toes are protected. The only drawback is that it's a little hard to get a stone or sand out, but that's a decent tradeoff for comfortable feet in my opinion. If you get them dirty you can hose or scrub them off and they look great - they can really take a beating.And they actually look cute on - I get tons of compliments whenever I wear them, which is often. They've become my go-to sandals now (what flip flops?). They're worth every penny."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had my other pair of Keen's for 3 years and I wore them almost daily weather in Chicago permitting.  Well, one of my doc's took a look at them and told me I needed a new pair, the shoes were worn out on the bottom. That was last Wed evening. I ordered my new pair on Thursday and the shoes arrived on Friday. Amazon prime is the best deal ever!Okay, back to the shoes. I wear a 71/2 in shoes but read the reviews and ordered up to a 8. 8 fits perfectly.  I chose the color that was the cheapest, yes, some of the colors were $100 and well, I don't think a color is worth an extra $30 bucks.  My shoes were $67 bucks and I hope they last 3 years!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a shoe for travel, I read other reviews and decided it was what I needed for a visit to Easter Island.Sand, water, rocks, hiking, slick rocks and such, heat, comfort.  Wow these are just great for everything and my feet are happy at the end of the day.  Remember to put suntan lotion you the tops of your feet as mine are now look like a checker board from the sun.  I took them on to Thailand and even in the city they were great.  You can't go wrong with these sandals."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I read the reviews of Venice Hs and the Whisper series.  Even comparing the styles by picture, this appears sturdier altho clunkier looking...and it is so in person. HOWEVER,  This is meant to be an active outdoor shoe and for that purpose I love this more thanmy old open toed active sandal of a different famous brand.  I love the toe protection. I love that you can have the option of this light gray in certain colors rather than the black. It' lets air thro nicely ( It's a 4 because some small pepples that come in are hard to shake of without removing the shoe) and I love this green but it is more pastel than I had wanted...It's comfortable and easy to slip on and off. i use it to walk the dog daily even after a rain. I also got it at a much cheaper price ( almost $40.00 lower) because I bought it early spring.  The prices rose thereafter.  Thanks Keen for a great product."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got this and thought it could not be warm since it is thin.  Man, I had it on for a few minutes and was HOT.  Great Coat, warm and tough.UPDATE: After several days of backache I had to get rid of this coat.  It is very warm, but the sizes are a bit larger than the cotton version and due to the material, this coat does not bend or fold easily.  Basically every time I sat down, the top of the coat was pushing my shoulder up and hurting my neck.  The hood is nice when you're wearing it, but when you try to push it back, it hits the back of your head like a nail."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was a good jacket for the price.  I ordered a size up, and it seems to fit nicely with a little room to spare on hubby.  The outside is a really heavy duck material, which is awesome for yucky job sites. It washed and dried well without shrinking noticeably. The inside has a thermal (think thermal under shirt) lining that's not particuarly impressive.  There's no material between the coat shell and the thermal, so it's not insulated at all.  But it'll work great protecting whatever my husband is wearing underneath from work funk, and that was the point!  It does have a neat little interior pocket for a cellphone, which I thought was a nice touch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i bought this jacket wanting a warm tuff work wear jacket.. my little brother has a carhartt jacket and he loves it.. it came very qucikly in the mail.( i love prime!!) and i at first i really liked this jacket.. but then i went outside and it was only 52 outside and i was cold.. idk maybe ive turned into a wussy living out here in souther cali but i expected this to be a jacket not a wind beaker.. iam sure this will be plenty warm with a hoodie under it but i wanted to have something a little warmer. overall it is a very well made jacket.. plus made in the USA which is something i really like about it and something that you just dont see anymore...  but in my mind lacking in the warmth department. i am returning this for a more  heavily insulated model."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got this for my husband who is a flatbed truck driver. He was complaining about being cold and not having a coat because most are just too bulky for what he has to do. I thought that this would be a happy medium between a lightweight jacket and a heavy coat. He says that it keeps him relatively warm on chilly days and on the really cold days he just layers it with his fleece jacket and stays relatively comfortable. He believes it should be durable to hold up to the rigors of his job as well which is nice, considering how much clothing he has torn up working."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "When i got this jacket i assumed that its for really cold weather because of the thermal lining.Its what i consider a 40 deg jacket maybe even lower if you layer something underneath.If you are looking for one that can handle colder temp i would suggest a quilted or parka lined Carhartt jacket.I have owned this for about 1 1/2 years now and it still look as it did when i bought it.I didnt give it 5 stars mainly because the zipper can be a PITA at times and the thermal lining is thin and not comfortable if you are wearing a short sleeve t-shirt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great jacket! Very warm! I've only warn it a few times but it fits great.  I got a Tall size because I'm 6'5\" and I don't think I've ever had a jacket fit so well.  Looking forward to having this for the bitter Chicago winter.  It's stiff at first, but that's what you'll get with tough gear like this.  If you want something soft and fancy looking, go somewhere else (i.e. northface, columbia). This is definitely a tough jacket for tough guys!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband's favorite winter jacket finally wore out.  He was heartbroken.  Naturally, I went to Amazon to find him a new one.  Looked at many, many jackets and read reviews.  Finding this Carhartt Jacket, reading the reviews, I ordered it.  I told him about it and he just knew he wasn't going to like it, it wasn't going to fit - blah blah blah.  Well, it arrived just in time for the severe below zero weather.  This jacket is everything it claims to be - keeps him warm in below freezing weather, looks sharp, has the inside pockets which are a must for my husband.  He's 6'1 and 250 lbs. and most things I buy for him are XXL.  Went with XL on this jacket because it's a Tall and it fit him perfectly!  Highly recommend."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Im usually a xl or xxl. With this jacket Im a large, I think I could of maybe got a medium even. This jacket is very warm and makes a good winter work jacket for me here in connecticut. This is NOT a light spring or fall jacket. 45 degrees and up you sweat. Its very tough and the arms are long enough. The hood is insulated so its very warm. You do not need any kind of winter hat when wearing this jacket with the hood up. My only problem is the zipper is hard to zip for the first couple of inches but its very slowly getting better with time. Im not sure if all the zippers are like this or just mine."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got these for work (Work as a Paramedic), so these do its job by being somewhat water-proof, good fit, and durable. They come super starchy, the size runs pretty small. (I'm a 34 in most everything, a 34 in this seems to feel like a 32 or even 30 at times). Depending on what you want of a work pant, this gets the job done, but just not that great of quality and will probably be thrown away after some use in a year or so."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Not the best pants in the world but these are Dickies. If you want a pair of &#34;office casual&#34; pants that will last you and are cheap these are it. Wash them a few times before wearing to lessen the &#34;swish&#34; sound they make as you walk and loosen them up a bit.Like the header says, standard. These pants are pants. You get 2 front pockets and 2 back packets that will fit keys, a wallet, a lighter. Hook snap at waist and zipper fly.  Color. I never iron them. Standard wash and dry. If I leave them in the drier too long they come out wrinkled and I just hang them for a day and they come out fine.I bought these to replace 2 other pairs I have in rotation that I have worn at the office for 3 years now.Belt loops are a tad tight for thicker leather belt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Be sure to go up in size. Anyone who wears Dickies apparently knows this. I looked at my man's pants to order him new ones, and there was no size that I could find on the old ones. So I ordered his normal pants size. Way too small. So I sent it  back and went up 2 sizes, and that was too big. Should have ordered one size up. Know your Dickies size and write it down!The fabric is stiff and sturdy, almost indestructible, does not lose its color in the wash."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My son wanted a Dickies work pants for work, something comfortable, of good quality and could handle the wear and tear required of his daily tasks.  He wanted a bright color to match with the theme required at work, so Royal Blue would be the closest and acceptable to the theme.  When I purchased this Dickies Men's Original work pants for him I did not know what to expect, since I was ordering a different style from a previous choice in my order.  The package arrived quickly, quality excellent, and the pants is comfortable, allows you to move freely in the pants and are true to size. The Seller has provided accurate advertising in the description of these pants.  The packaging was excellent.  I would recommend this style of Dickies Men's Original 874 work pants to anyone seeking pants that can withstand durability, has quality, is reasonably priced, and you have choices of various colors to choose from, and are true to size and advertisement of the product."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've own several 874's and they've all lasted me years. When I was younger I worked a bunch of construction jobs, and these were my go to pants. Now I build and manage servers and work in an office where it's business casual. These are still my go to pants. They're extremely high quality, but they tend to take forever to become worn in. The waist band can really stiff, and take a couple months to loosen up. These will always be my go to pants for work and I suggest them for anyone looking for a pair of high quality pants."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great pants. Perfect fit.Wrinkle freeStain resistant. What more could you want?I don't know how other people are getting too big or small pants. I have ordered Silver, Khaki, and Black. They are a perfect fit. I always order a size bigger just in case they shrink after washing. I will update if any changes after washing. I would give this a 5 star but I don't like the clasp closure, I'd rather have a button. But Dickies does not have 34x29L pants with a button closure.Thank you amazon."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These Fishnet stockings are really well made!  I've worn them three times now and they look as good as they did when I put them on the first time.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the fact that they ARE NOT made to stand up on their own, like the picture would have you believe. There is nothing sewn into the stocking to help it stay up either, so it's not that they just don't stay up.  They are made to be worn with a garter, so it would have been helpful if they had presented them that way, instead of using the picture they did.  I think that's why the model is holding her legs together...to keep the stockings up for the half second it took to take the picture. ;)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very comfortable as a nursing bra. I dont sleep in mine, but it was important for me to have a supportive bra that was not too tight and did not have underwires that would effect my milk supply. Based on the size of my breasts throughout the day, I can hook or unhook as many eyelets as i need to to be comfortable. I like that it is front hooking so that I can easily access my breasts to feed my son. The only drawback is that the seam comes up a bit high and can be uncomfortable on my nipples sometimes when they are sensitive after nursing. But for the price you cannot beat the comfort and function of this bra. i wish there was a hyrid version of this and the Simple Wishes Hands free pumping bra."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been looking for something comfortable to wear around the house and I've found it. I just had a baby a few months ago and I'm huge (42C). This fits perfectly. It's not too tight and not too lose and it provides some support. Not as much as my underwire, but around the house, it's great. I forget I have it on and the hooks in the front don't bother at all.It also keeps you separated... no uni-boob, which is awesome.All in all a good investment."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this primarily to wear when I'm kinda dressed, but not leaving the house; it's so comfortable that I've slept in it, and woken up none the worse for wear. I'm a 38D, and I can't say this offers the kind of support I prefer for outside wear. However, it looks very nice, and gives very good support and excellent separation; it's perfect for wearing when I can't be bothered with an underwire. I also love the front closure. It's really easy to close and doesn't chafe at all while I'm wearing the bra.In short, this is the first \"leisure bra\" I've ever worn that doesn't leave me with a single sagging mono-bazoom. It's not cheap, but I'm going to get another one, because this ratio of comfort to support is hard to come by."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got it for those &#34;hang around the house in a sweatshirt&#34; days.  For the most part it's quite comfortable.  The band is a little snug-feeling by the end of the day - but that's why I opted for a front closure (and can reasonably unhook the bottom 1 or 2 hooks).Hopefully some ladies agree with me:  the bra I put on in the morning (comfy) is not the one I take off at night (band is too snug).  This bra is as close as it comes to being the best answer to that problem.  I look the array of colors it came in too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the 38 F/G/H even though I wear a J in most bras, and this actually fit me very well; I'm surprised at the other reviews that say it fits small. They're fairly supportive for a leisure bra. I wear these all the time, even out shopping.Edit: I wrote the above based on the black ones I ordered. I made another order of the black with tan dots, and they were much smaller, particularly vertically. I can still wear them, but they're not as comfortable, and for the most part I just wear them over other bras.Edit: ordered more plain black ones, and they fit as before. Strange that the fit would vary by color."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Absolutely gorgeous! A perfect replacement for those nylon and spandex, unlined bras Calvin Klein used to make, that made the breasts look completely natural and not \"packaged\" like they do with \"contour cups.\" Unfortunately, the band and cups do run small. A 38DD fit like a 36C. In fact, this is the second Wacoal Bra I've tried that ran small (see my review ofWacoal Women's Halo Lace Full Coverage Underwire Bra # 65547). I'd buy three if the size went up to 40D!! But alas, 99.9% of racerback and racerback-like (close-set straps) bras stop at 38D or DD. If you're a smaller chested woman, this bra is THE CURE to all those ridiculous euphemisms for padded bras: \"molded cups,\" \"T-shirt bra,\" age-defying lift\" and my favorite, \"seamless.\" Thank you very much, but simple nylon over my own breast is actually seamless!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The first thing you notice about this bra in Toast color is that it looks as a posture correcting device in terms of color, fabric texture, overall design and ugly straps in the back, in particular. So, in short, the look is bad, you cannot undress without scaring your man. Perhaps, in black this bra would look better, but far from being attractive anyway. The cups are very thin, as other reviewers already noticed, but for me it was not a problem. Hence, I give it 2 stars for holding the straps at the center as a T-back supposed. The bust support is OK for one day until fabric stretches. Wonder why it is so expensive if it is neither good sport or comfort bra, nor a sexy dress style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a wonderful style bra. I have worn them for years and they do eventually wear out and I order another drawerful.I even sleep in one. They 're that comfortable. I have a size 32 frame but need the D cup ( and this is a very difficult size to locate. I can rarely find them in stores any more.)  So Amazon saves the day for me again! It is so supportive that you could wear it any time from dressing up or to wear under your gym outfits. However, if I was going to be running, a compression bra might be a better choice...I started wearing this style front hook when I had had a hand surgery and couldn't use a back hook ...and never went back to it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I originally bought one of these bras in a department store when they didn't have any nursing bras my size, and I purchased an additional one from Amazon later.  The salesperson said she wore this bra all the time while her baby was breastfeeding!  The salesperson helped me find the correct size so that the underwires do not pinch my breast tissue, which can lead to clogged ducts.  I actually only pump since my baby never learned to breastfeed, but it's very easy to unsnap the front to pump.  The stretchy cups accomodate size changes throughout the day from breastfeeding, and the underwires make it so much more flattering than the wire free bras I've tried.  My only complaint is that the cups are very thin, so I need to wear nursing pads to prevent \"headlights\" -- for this reason, I will not wear these bras once I'm done breastfeeding and will go back to a padded or molded cup style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear Wacoal all the time and the band size on this definitely runs small (I'd say by one size; I'm normally 34D, but could have used a 36 in this; I think the sizing issue is because the band isn't adjustable and they decided to err on the side of too snug). The lift is nice, and the straps sit in the middle of the shoulder as pictured instead of riding to the center like so many t-backs. The fabric is quite thin so don't expect any, er, cold-weather protection. I do recommend it, just know what you're getting."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It took awhile and some deep breathing to finally spring for the WACOAL brand that I'd heard so much about (we've even had conversations about these bras at work), but I needed a T-back bra and decided to go for it, expensive tag and all.  And I have to say it IS the most comfortable and form-flattering bra that I own.  It easily compares to the pricey Victoria's Secret bras that I have splurged on in the past and is pretty if not uber-sexy...seems made more for function than fun...and in that it definitely excels. Not sure why it is that I feel I have to justify paying for comfort and performance in lingerie, I certainly pay for and expect it sportswear, shoes, jeans, etc.  Maybe because its underneath and not seen? Anyway, this is now my go-to bra for comfort and looks, and I won't hesitate (well, maybe one deep breath) to buy another WACOAL bra."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So many guys wear panty's and not even their wives know. My wife started me in panty's years ago and this is all I wear. These are by far the most comfortable panty's you can buy and I have a lot of different ones myself. I have no problem changing In dressing rooms at the pool or gym wearing these panty's. I don't hide that I wear panty's. I have even changed in locker rooms wearing lace and even ruffles. Guys if your sick of cotton like I was these are the ones to try. Everything about this panty is great and before long you will be in panty's forever."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Good news guys & gals, if you are plus size, or big & tall, and lamenting that you can't wear these panties, they will fit you! I have a 48\" waist and I normally wear a size 9/XL panty, but I wear these in size 7 and they fit quite comfortably and still have some give to them! They don't pinch, bind or ride up. There is plenty of room up front for the male anatomy. I recommend that you hand wash and hang-dry these, they will last longer. If Jockey made these for men, then us men wouldn't have to wear panties!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love love love these underwear for years now.  I've rarely had a problem with underwear riding up my bum with these, which is the main reason I buy these.  I'm a full figured woman, but also wore these when I was more athletic and they're wonderful.  Wearing them to work as a professional to the gym, they fit great.  They last for years too which is amazing.  I finally replaced some after going through a pregnancy and stretching some out.  My main helpful hint is to wash them in a bag or by themselves to avoid balling up from other clothes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After years of trying different brands and suffering from endless wedgies, these are absolutely the only underwear I'll ever buy again.  They are incredibly comfortable, and unless your pants are skin-tight, they really don't show a panty line; the elastic around legs and hip is so thin.  That thin elastic, plus the right amount of stretch and shape in the derriere means they also don't ride up.  The hip brief is my favorite style; they hit below the waist so don't look like granny panties (and I'm a granny!), but not as low cut as a bikini.  They are nearly perfect in every way; I just wish they made a few more colors and cuter patterns but I can live with that given the comfort level!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm giving these 2 stars because they are comfortable and basically the best pair of \"drawers\" lol I've ever purchased.HOWEVER they lied! You can clearly see your panty line so don't wear any  form fitting clothes with these!!I wore a high low maxi dress with Jockey Skimmies Slipshorts underneath so that's two articles of clothing on top and as clear as day I was able to see my panty outline!Another time I wore a pair of  light color jeggings and not only did the panty line show but the middle seam and the design on them did too!!very embarrassing!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A lot of workout bottoms nowadays tend to ride up or roll down, if you know what I mean.  It's increasingly difficult to find anything that stays put as needed when running, walking, stretching, whatever.I've long been a fan of Champion for their low prices and high quality products.  That's why I turned to them for my most recent gym-bottom purchase.These shorts are prefect.They rest comfortably on my upper waist and stay in place by way of an inch-plus wide elastic band that is comfort encased by a soft material (it's a new elastic product as I've found that same band on sports bras of a different brand).  The 9\" inseam is long enough to keep the short just above my knees without creeping up.They keep me cool and dry off quickly for those who may not have the luxury of doing laundry every day.Overall, highest marks."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this bra because it had so many good reviews and I am always looking for a minimizer bra.  I bought my regular size which is a 34C.  I have to wear it in the loosest hook and I usually wear a 34C in the tightest hook.  I put it on this morning and it felt a little snug but not uncomfortable and I thought it would be OK.  Now it's after lunch and I am sitting at my desk after eating a Chick-Fil-A sandwich -- just the sandwich mind you -- not the meal.  Well I am about to die. This bra is cutting me in half and there's nothing I can do about it.  I can't just take it off and go around braless so I am hostage to this torture chamber!  I'm too lazy to send it back so I'll just wear it on a &#34;thin&#34; day."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased a different color of this bra at a store and loved it so much that I came on here to find more of it.  I was excited to see that it cost a lot less on Amazon than it did in the store.  I ordered the same size I had already been wearing in the same bra, I just got a different color.  The black one I ordered, the fabric/lace is much stiffer and it's uncomfortable.  And for some reason it is bigger than the first one I got in the store...in band size and cup size.  The underwire goes up into my armpit further as well, making it uncomfortable that way as well.  I wonder why there is such a difference between the one I purchased in a store and the one I ordered from Amazon.  So bummed :("}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have tried every bra out there from cheap to very expensive.. If you need support and a decent looking bra, this is the bra for you. I am a 50 year old large busted woman who needs support in a bra. I have been professionally fitted and spent $100's of dollars on bras and always kick myself and go back to Bali..After almost 40 years I will not bother with any other bra again. Now I just order a new set of all colors about every 6 months....it can't be beat.."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bought this on a whim, and I absolutely love it!  For larger sizes, it's not super supportive, but still gets the job done.  Really attractive but somehow still kind of modest.  No lines or pointy boobs!Pros:- Sizing seems accurate (I wear 40D in Victorias Secret, same here)- full coverage without lines or pointy boobs- kind of sexy but kind of modest at the same time- washes well - no color run- thinner, but the lace is thick enough to prevent any major nip issues (still wouldn't wear with super thin tops though)Cons- very light support for the larger sizes ( I'd widen the strap!)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have these exciting undies in pink. The simple waistband doesn't tell everyone I am wearing nylon panties when it peeks over my slacks. The gentle but snug leg elastic keeps me inside the panties (no fallout) and the full seat offers good coverage. This style runs somewhat large in the cut of the fabric. That is a good thing for a mature gent as there is extra slippery nylon fabric in front to hold and caress all day long ! The slinky nylon stretches to support most any happy wearer. I would recommend these 'feel good' panties for any man."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These do not fit like theVanity Fair Perfectly Yours Brief 15712nor theVanity Fair Women's Perfectly Yours Lace Nouveau Brief Panty #13001with those panties being a size too big on me which I enjoy.  These cotton panties were a size or two too small.  After almost getting a pair on, I took them off, repackaged them, printed out an Amazon Return Form and immediately dropped them off at UPS - all on the same day I received them.  From the previous reviews I expected bloomery, puffy cotton panties as from my childhood but it was not to be.  I guess I will always wear nylon panties.  I am VERY disappointed but refuse to go up to a giant size 10 or so.  I gave it two stars simply because they were Vanity Fair but probably made in China."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Tried these on over my panties, and it was a perfect fit.  Ran them through the wash, and they came out AT LEAST a full size smaller.  The shrinkage of the fabric was so bad that the elastic is actually bunched up now at the openings.  The leg openings are tight now, the height of the panty from crotch to belly is so much shorter, the rear area isn't fully covered. I can't wear them, and i can't send them back now.  Vanity Fair is disappointing me after many years of satisfaction.I can't say these are even worth trying.  Keep looking."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm 44DD so I wear bras all the time.  This one is effective,  in that it lifts, and it gives good posture because if you slouch the wires stick out in the front - very unattractive,  so I find myself sitting straight.  It's comfortable but seriously not sexy, and comes up very high. It wears comfortably under my gym gear and I bought it for a gym bra but it's not very versatile,  as it shows under most of my other tops (and they're not particularly low cut)Edited to add,  it wasn't flexible enough to be comfortable in exercise class and I've just thrown it out.  Didn't work at all for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have a hard time finding a bra in my size, it works fine around but the cups are usally too large and bag out as is the case here.  I know a good bra fit can be done because I've had bra's in the past that fit very well.  Somehow things are not being manufactured as they once were and this bra ended up as were others - in my donation bin.  Too bad really, wasted my money and am continuing to have no choice but to wear the old bra's."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a girdle every day - it holds in my tummy but gives me man boobs. I wear a bra forsupport and to shape my breasts. The Bali 3820 double support is wonderful. I wear a 40 Bcup and fill the cups fully - no padding, no pushup and no falsies. My bra makes me standtaller and I am not at all self consciou. With gridle and bra on I look and feel greatin my clothes - women's underwear does just provide the support I need and the shaping Iwant. Would not leave home without my foundations - also - do wear stockings to hold myOBG down (black) and panties (pink)to make it easy to pull on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The bra is well made and probably would last a long time, but the sizing on it seems off from other Bali bras.  I have been wearing Bali bras for quite a few years and love them, but they have discontinued the one that I have been wearing and I have been looking for something similar, thought this might be it, but it's not. This bra would probably work better for a larger breasted woman, has wider straps both for shoulder and the back and the cups seems cut for larger breasts.  Had to send this one back, will keep looking."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am skeptic about buying cloths online but I thout I will give a try. And I am not disappointed .I just got my bra today. The bra made really nicely,fits perfectly and gives a really good support. I got this bra for sleep in and I can't wait to use it for this purpose. It is a great bra for a great price.Update: after wash and wearing for a couple times bra cups got misshaped. Looks weird - half empty. My guess they run size bigger .If I could I would take off a star."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been wearing this style for several years now and it is truly the most comfortable and best fitting bra I've ever had. Of course everyone has a different shape so you'll have to try it for yourself to see if it suits. Washes easily in the washing machine on gentle (and inside a lingerie bag), dries quickly, and off you go again. Several of my girlfriends have also started wearing this bra since they saw mine at my swimming club, and they love it too. I don't understand the person who said it didn't have an underwire - they must have shipped her the wrong thing - as it does indeed have underwiring. Also, only 2 hooks high at the back, not the corset-like 3 hooks (like so many of the bras made for larger gals have). Just great, and highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Being over 50 has it's challenges. I've been searching high & low for a bra that I would actually not hate & that was flattering.This is it!Pros:lightweight comfortable fabric.smooth look under topseasy wash,easy dry, keeps it's shapewill last a long timecomfortable strapsCons: because the material is thin, your nipples may show throughif you like this bra:it also comes in a T-strap version so that your straps stay put...Wacoal Women's Front Close T-Back Bra #65124ASIN : B000T3HS62exact same bra, different strap systembe aware though that with the T-strap version, the straps may not be covered by many tops...most of my tops, both round & square neck didn't cover the straps of the T-strap version"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I agree with most of the other reviewers here; these are wonderful.  A garter-belt or bustier is a must with these, because there is no \"stay-up\" band in these stocking-tops, and if you ask me, imho, it's much better that way.I just adore the darling lace applique of the stocking-tops, and the sheer stockings are very elegant and sexy.  The lace design is simple enough that it pairs well with many different garters, be they solid or lacy.I got these in \"city beige\" (a bit darker than nude) and black (although not TOO black, but rather a lovely shade that isn't really \"smoky\" but adds a wonderful black shimmer to your legs) and loved both colors.  I will definately be ordering more of these.Very sexy and elegant!  I strongly recommend these."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The first thing I noticed was the frayed edges on the lace that were unraveling right out of the package.  The hose are indeed quite thin and while I managed not to put a run in them, I can't imagine they would last anywhere near a good pair of L'Eggs.  They were a bit hard to get on (imagine putting on your garters with your hose together, good luck getting it straight the first time...!) but, you get used to it.  What I would never get used to is that once I sat down to dinner and then stood back up, the garter was now riding halfway down my butt!  The host themselves were now down near my knees, with the lace tops well below where a mid-thigh skirt would hit.  Nope, these are going in the trash."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i admit i was a little worried as to the fit of the stockings when i purchased them, but WOW. super sexy and a good fit. i took some of the other customers' advice and got a size up from what i usually would. i'm 120 pounds, 5' 5'' ish and a tad curvy. i have unfit thighs and was worried that the stockings would cause bulges or muffin top, the C-D was perfect and high up on my thigh (so sexy), and the 'garter belt' portion rest just above the swell of my hips covering my bellybutton. they're so silky and smoke thin, like i said, the fit is great and they're VERY comfortable! can't wait to wear them out! (or show them to the boyfriend for that matter ;) )"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've worn these three times (!) since buying - my pantyhose NEVER last three wears!  High quality product.  May run a tiny big big, though these days I appreciate the comfort.  The belly panel is lace, which could be itchy for some, though usually I'm sensitive to that sort of thing and have had no trouble with it.  BTW, maternity pantyhose are a must (as opposed to non-maternity) - avoids the weird line and are a lot more comfortable.The seller is fantastic, there was a mixup about colors and they sent me a replacement free of charge.I recommend these (style 5700) for nude pantyhose, and the opaque version for colors."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love Hanes Silk Reflections pantyhose and thigh highs, I have been wearing them for about 15 years.  They look and feel good on my legs and under my clothes.  They are very sheer and sexy.  I can wear them all day and they do not bag or sag at the knees or ankles.  They are also very durable, I usually get 5 or more wearings out of every pair.I used my Amazon Prime membership for the shipping and received free 2 day shipping.  The packages arrived on time and in good shape."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "my non control top pantyhose with sheer toe nylons are very sheer and pretty pantyhose, im an older woman who wears pantyhose and nylons everyday, non control top pantyhose are the same as sheer to waist pantyhose, so if i want a sheer pantyhose look on my legs my non control top pantyhose are wonderful. i wear these pantyhose in the sheer toes as well. i think i have these nylon pantyhose in the reinforced toe pantyhose too. i usually wear no nonsense pantyhose and nylons but i like hanes pantyhose also, i own several pairs of these pantyhose, they seem to last as long as my other pantyhose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "ive been wearing hanes pantyhose only recently, i prefer no nonsense pantyhose for my daily wear. but i am really liking my hanes pantyhose and nylons, theyre very sheer pantyhose for a sexy look but very durable pantyhose that hold up to my daily pantyhose wear, i wear high heels and pantyhose to work everyday and high heels can wear my pantyhose down, so i prefer reinforced toes pantyhose and hanes pantyhose has lots of reinforced toe pantyhose to choose from, i like sheer toe pantyhose but they run more. i find it hard, very hard, in the morning to pick my favorite pantyhose to pull up, i have so many different kinds of pantyhose and nylons, but hanes sheer pantyhose are one of my new favorites"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these pantyhose and have worn them in the past.  The reason that I gave 3 stars is that the sizing info isn't helpful.  When you click on it, you see sock sizes.  There should be a chart online, just as there is on the back of the pantyhose package.  So, I'll return them because of incorrect sizing.  I have ordered another size.  However, I do appreciate being able to get the color pearl.  In the stores, they are mostly brown.  I have fair skin, so brown pantyhose don't look right on me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a nurse that works on the cardiac floor of a busy hospital where anytime something can turn. I wear the most comfortable footwear but I was really starting to feel the aching in my legs. When I saw these I tried them and have been delighted. Not only do they take the aching out of my legs but their firm support steadies my ankles while the padding cushions the pounding on my feet. I'm not slipping in my footwear which can throw my back out. If your a nurse, I highly suggest them. I went back to my old socks for only one night and said &#34;never again.&#34;"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The Good:  I love these socks.  They are very well built and I feel like I have a sock that will last for years.  They are great for walking around the house with no shoes.  Their elastic around the calf is well made and I have yet to have a pair start to get loose on me.  The warmth is fantastic and they feel comfortable with all types of shoes.The Bad:  They are thick, but this is probably why you bought them anyway.  Just be aware that you may have tight shoes start to fit strangely because of that thickness."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Our family loves hiking.  We all have an appropriate pair of these socks.  Living in a very hot climate, these socks do get a little warm.  However, price and quality make these socks a worthwhile purchase.I've even been known to wear these as my work socks.  As someone who works in a school and is on his feet most of the day, these socks are both confortable and stylish enough for daily wear.I would like to be able to compare them against another brand which claims to be cooler."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been buying Wigwam socks for hiking and other outdoor adventures since I was in college. I order 2 pairs of these Hiking Pro socks for a motorcycle road trip because I knew they would keep my feet comfortable for long days on the saddle. I rode 3,500 over 4 days. Two days there, two days back with a week of adventure in between. My feet stayed warm and dry and they were a great complement to my Salomon Quest 4D GTX boots.If you haven't tried Wigwam socks, they have always seemed true to fit for me. They are soft, offer good support, great air flow & insulation. I definitely recommend trying these - the price may seem a little high for socks, but they are fair for &#34;performance&#34; socks and they hold up great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these for hiking primarily, but after wearing them for a day I wish I had a pair for every day of the week. They are extremely comfortable. I have sweaty feet and these certainly help wick the sweat away from my skin. Now the the weather is a bit cooler these are my go to socks. It's been about 2 months now and I wear these at least once a week, and they still look like new. Build quality seems to be very high and the padding is still think and comfy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I used these for hiking and I didn't want anything too heavy or bulky so these were just what I wanted.  I wear a lighter pair of wicking socks under these.  They fit nicely, had plenty of stretch and were nice and soft.  They dried quickly when I removed my hiking boots.  I am very please with this purchase.  I keep an extra pair in my pack if needed.  I hiked 10 miles up and down Mt. Katahdin with no blisters or anything so I have to say these socks did the trick to the max.Tom"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Fits like Levis but in a silver color that, while not seriously formal, is a step away from the totally casual blue. Note that fabric is not as thick as usual Jeans, though more than durable enough. Softer feel when wearing too - not as stiff. Will be cooler to wear when temps are high. Downside is that coloring is not uniform - thin streaks of light and dark. just don't expect a uniform solid gray. Straight leg style now changed to &#34;regular&#34;. Go figure. Still, the style is slimmer in the legs than the old &#34;regular&#34;. Not too slim though. Lots of length & waist options, which is not true for many Levis. Have purchased several pair. The black color Levis are much hotter to wear and fade poorly with wear. The &#34;silver&#34; doesn't do that."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a woman who loves wearing men's levi's in this fit (or 555, 501, 565).  I had gastric bypass and just like how they hang and the weight/thickness of the jean material.  Most women's jeans are thinner, shallow pockets and have spandex, which I don't need.  I like the tighter fit, seems to keep everything tight.  And without the spandex, the jeans are warmer for the colder climes.  I've always been a levi's fan!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Easy way to find jeans to fit my husband, order online...its so frustrating going to Kohls and hope they have his size in stock, he is a lil shorter and slimmer than the average, so this way I type the brand in the size and poof..done!Guy pants seem much easier to buy online cause they have exact measurements of waist and inseam to go buy,  women clothes can be hit and miss when ordering our typical size.These fit him perfectly and the color pretty much matches what it looked like online, I got him both the light and medium stonewash. They look and feel just like his other Levi's he got before  at the store...so ya this is where he is going to get all his pants from now."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Levi's 505 jeans have been my go-to work pants for about the past 20 years.  I could go to any store, and pick up a pair with the 505 label, waist 33, and length 32, and have them fit just like every other pair I own.  However, Levi has decided to re-shape these, but to retain the same 505 label.  They are now designed for the teenage boy, twenty-something market.  They sit uncomfortably low, on the hips rather than at the waist. They are tighter in the crotch. I suppose boys want to show off their &#34;package.&#34;  I've spent the past year or so trying to find something to replace to old 505's, but with only limited success. These are no longer your father's jeans.  Too bad for me that I'm still your father."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've always worn Levi's jeans. Recently, however, they don't seem to last like they used to. Jeans that I have bought within the last 5 years or so, seem to wear out faster than older pairs I've had. Particularly around the pockets and the seam in the crotch. The material seems thinner too. While this makes them a tiny bit more comfortable, they don't make 'em like they used to. Still kinda expensive too, but they go on sale every once in a while. Or I can use points to buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The pants seem to be acceptably made (the label indicates it was made in Cambodia) - although slightly thinner material than I expected.  The color that I ordered (Blue Collar) is fine and is what I expected.  However, these pants are way too tight on the thighs - especially when sitting down, and it makes the length appear much shorter because of it.  I though about keeping them, but I cannot put up with the tightness at the thighs.  Also, the pockets seem to \"bunch up\" too much and you must often put your hands in your pockets to keep them down...a major fail, so I'm returning them and will try out the Levi's Men's 560 Comfort Fit Jean instead."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have purchased 4 pairs of Levi's 505 jeans in the last two years.  Altogether, I have 6 pairs of 505's.  The problem is that four of the six pairs I have are over 10 years old.  Yep, the pre-2000 jeans wear like iron while the post-2009 jeans wear out.  This last pair (made in Central America) fit well and are comfortable.  I'm giving them 4 stars because, they are comparable with the ones I have purchased recently and fit fine.  If you are comparing these jeans to those from years ago, however, they would be two stars."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Levi's jeans remain a reliable and consistent staple. This Levi's Men's 505 Straight (regular) fit jean retains quality fabric and classic styling. The legs are not too narrow or too wide. The design is comfortable, classy, and no-nonsense. These jeans are versatile, and can be dressed up or down. We personally can not abide passing fashion trends, with guys wearing girlfriend-style jeans, or rolled-up cuffs. In contrast, Levi's jeans are cool and timeless, like the Rolling Stones and ZZ Top. They work for men whether urban or country. Enjoy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The Seller is terrific ordered and it shipped and received in BETTER than a timely fashion!! Now.the jeans although feel and fit very nice,still do not feel like they use to back in the good ole days of 505 and 501 Levis!! This does not mean that I do not like the feel and comfort,they do feel very good and fit very nicely , I certainly will purchase another couple of pairs of these in the future especially from this seller!! But I would have given out a 5th star if I found that the quality of the jeans were they way I remember them from the 70's and 80's!! Those felt like,you know ,the way cars were built back in the 50's and 60's firm/strong/ built to last??? But this is the world today! Recommended and buy from this seller;they are GREAT!! Thanks"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pretty nice jeans. They are very dark and the color does run when they are washed. They definably fit larger than the 505's in &#34;Range&#34; that I bought in the same size. These sit at the waste not below. I soaked them when I first got them and have washed and dried them a few times and they shrank some but are still bigger than the 505's in &#34;Range&#34;.Bottom line is these are Levi's and they are notoriously inconsistent. You can find them almost anywhere. I would just buy in store so you know they will fit ok."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The quality of Levis jeans seems to be a decline, an endless abyss. The back label, which supposedly should be leather, now seems to be made &#8203;&#8203;of cardboard and a lousy finish. The jeans manufactured in Mexico and Egypt are the worst labels or at least, in my experience, has been. I think there should be more oversight by Levis in its factories around the world. Previously, a Levis jeans was a piece \"almost perfect\", today I can not say the same. I totally agree with all the people who are disappointed with diminishing quality of these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these Levis because I haved owned many pairs in the past and they have always been good quality jeans I could trust. Levis was recently bought and since has tried to change their look to appeal to the younger crowd. They messed with just about every type of jeans except the 501 but that has button fly and I prefer a zipper fly. The fit is super low rise on these 505 and every time I sit my backside shows and I can't stand it. My old 505s did not do this. The material is now super low quality and is not worth the price I paid for them. They shrink uncontrollably and now they are short at the leg opening exposing my ankle. These are horrible jeans in terms of fit and quality, look elsewhere until this company learns it lesson not to mess with a good thing."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was glad to find these jeans in a size 35 waist, since I had only seen Levi's in even-sized waist only. The color is a great stonewash hue, ideal for me. Two important differences compared to the 501's: ONE, the 505 has a zipper instead of metal buttons on the fly (a well-known feature); TWO, less known is that the rise in the 505's is lower than the 501's. The difference in the rise, in my pants is a 1 1/2\" lower rise in the 505's, something I am not used to."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been wearing Levi 501s for over 25 years. By mistake I ordered these 505s instead of 501s. It took a little getting used to having a zipper instead of button fly. Actually I think the zipper may help increase the life of my jeans. Over time the buttons have tended to wear the buttonholes on my 501s making them a little loose.These 505s fit just as well as my 501s have fit over many years. I'll almost certainly continue to buy Levis for the next 25 years. The only question will be: 501 or 505?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to agree with some of the other reviewer comments regarding the decline in quality for Levi jeans.  The material seems a lot thinner than the last pair of jeans I purchased.  Besides the flimsy material the jeans didn't fit well either.  I have worn the same size jeans for the past several years.  I would swear the pair I just purchased on Amazon was at least a size too big. I ended up buying the size pair of Lee jeans on Amazon and they fit just right and the quality of material was a lot better.  Lee jeans has a new customer."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I lost some weight and had to buy new 505's for the first time in years.The new 505 style is a lot less baggy and I look much thinner.When you try them on, you should realize that the jeans will initially feel tight.  However, after washing, drying and wearing them for a few hours, there's a lot more room in the thigh and waist; perhaps as much as 1 or 2 inches. When I first put them on, the jeans were a bit tight around the waist -- now I have to wear a belt.DON'T JUDGE THE PANTS UNTIL YOU'VE WASHED, DRIED AND WORN THE PANTS FOR A FEW HOURS."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got a 38 by 29 for my husband in &#34;Fume&#34; color and oh boy does he look HOT! I'm in love with this color, plus the fit was awesome and way beyond my expectations.Hubby doesnt have a body like a model, he's got a bit of belly (at 5'9&#34; and 215 pounds), so I was apprehensive about how this straight fit was gonna work out..because it's actually more like a slim fit, but it looks great.I was tired of him wearing &#34;relaxed fit&#34;...too baggy for my taste..too much like &#34;pop jeans&#34;...no offense for guys who like the style.I wanted something...how can I put it?!....something younger, fit and svelte, to make his legs look longer...and I'm very pleased with these 505.I will definitely buy him more, in other colors."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these when my local store didn't have the right size & color combination. The jeans arrived promptly, packaged in a plastic bag (inside a soft plastic shipping bag). The fit was exactly the same as my other 505s and identical in every other way, too. (If you're new to 505s, they fit something like 1&#34; larger than stated, e.g., 30&#34; stated size fits an actual waist size of about 31&#34;)Inspect the photos carefully, since there are lot of color options. I've had both the light and dark stonewash colors, which are even in their shading (none of the fake &#34;worn&#34; areas). Enjoy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's nice to see that Levi's add a touch up style to their Legendary Americas favorite blue jean. I was surprised to see these jeans from Levi's, so I purchased these, since I now own several other brands of these some what leather look like jeans to update my style. I like the fact that these are still Levi's, same fit, feel & look. And also the fact these don't cost a bundle. I noticed that some designers are doing this with their prices, just because they look like leather, but they're not & the should reflect that also. I really like these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my last time of buying Levis.  Order this model and 2 others at the same time during an Amazon sale. Been wearing the same and models for decades.  The quality and fit of the fabric just isn't there anymore.  One pair got a hole in the upper thigh after the first washing.  All the jeans I bought this time, stretch out within hours of wearing.  I have a 31 inch waist, and if I do not have a belt on these jeans are sliding way down within an hour.  This is after washing and drying 5 times.  Ended up going to Marshall's and getting much higher quality jean for half the price.  Sad  to see a company like Levi let themselves forget about their customers. They are so focused on producing at the loweest price, that they no longer seem interested in producting a quality product.  Too bad"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these Levis thinking I may have lost a little weight so I would get them a size smaller than usual.  I think manufactureres are lieing to us to make us feel good.  These jeans were a good deal too large even though ordered a smaler size.  I have a pair of Levis that I have had for a long time in the same size as these and they are really snug on me. I still love Levis and won't change to another brand I would like to warn buyers that a size 36 waist is mor like a 38.  They are still high quality though and I guess I can now say a 36 waist is too big on me and my diet was a great success.One important thing - The price was really good and I will buy more in a smaller size - Man my diet is easy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had previously purchased a pair of these jeans from a store and liked them so much I ordered a darker color from Amazon. They are listed as exactly the same fit, style, and size but the ones purchased from Amazon are more snug around the waist for me (this was before any washing). They also have a chemical smell from all the dye used but I'm sure there are some tricks to remove that so it isn't really a concern. It does make me wonder if the dying process somehow shrinks jeans as the darker pair is more snug but I'm not sure. If I could do it again I would probably just purchase them at the store after having tried them on as the previous pair I purchased locally was the same price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Levi's 505s since high school until now and probably will into retirement. The quality is better than jeans costing more and superior and heavier than those costing less. You can frequently find them discounted. I cannot recall ever wearing a pair out. I have retired or given them away when I gained or lost weight. I dropped 2 inches recently in my waist and had to buy several pairs. I am keeping the old bigger ones just in case, but I hope I keep my narrower waist. I have tried other Levi's but 505s fit me best. The others are way too tight or way too big. I am 6 ft 3 and weigh about 200 pounds. The 36 34s fit me perfectly."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This one actually keeps the girls in a more upright position - and that's a big deal for a middle aged woman, believe me. I didn't want a molded, balconette type - puleeze! But nothing else seemed to give any uplift. The straps stay put which is usually a problem for me, too, plus the straps are comfortable. The side elastic stretches and gives nicely without being too loose. I really love this thing and I have a drawer full of others I won't bother to wear. I'm a 42C and it was true- to -size for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn this bra for many years.  Had trouble finding it and then... of course... found it here on Amazon. (LOVE Amazon)The cups are now almost 'bullet shaped'.  I feel like I should be back in the 50's or in a Madonna video.  It is very strange.  Nothing like before.  That being said... it is still very comfortable and they did eliminate the tag by stamping the label inside the back strap... which I like.  But the cup shape is so strange that I will not buy again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn this style for several years now and this is the first time I have ever purchase them online.  They are not the same bra. They have changed the way they have made it. they are using cheaper products, less material around the wire so it rubs against your skin and my boobs look pointed in these for some reason, my other one's do not do that. ( I purchased my other bra's at macy's and JCPenney)  Are they worth 24 dollars ( give or take).  Not really, I keep telling myself, self.... do not purchase anything you can't try on, online, but do I listen....no....and I'm almost always disappointed with the clothing and shoe purchases."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I agree with all the reviews that say the band on this bra runs small.  For comparison's sake, I am usually a 38 band and I have the Champion 1602 that is a 38ddd.  I measured it against this bra and it was the same length as the 44!  To me that's a huge difference. But when I tried on the 44ddd of this Wacoal it did not feel secure, so maybe the short length has something to do with the stretch of the material.  It didn't seem a lot stretchier than my Champion though."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't even want to take this bra off,  it's that comfortable.  I especially enjoy the wide straps.  I'm starting to get indentations on my shoulders from straps digging in through the years!Not with these straps.  Support is outstanding and looks great under clothes.  Don't suffer with cheaper bras that are not comfortable!The quality of Wacoal bras is outstanding and although they are spendy will outlast most other brands.  However  beware,  as I have bought knockoffs calling themselves Wacoal which indeed were not.(Ebay)  I can tell the difference right off the bat!  Hopefully that is not happening here on Amazon as one reviewer complained.  I can certainly vouch that this is a Wacoal bra.  I have bought several of these through the past 15 years."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "that is what it feels like when you put on a new Wacoal bra.  I particularly like this style 85185 because it has 4 hooks. It is not sold as a minimizer but because it is so well built and so innovative it works well to put everything in the places it all used to be in when I was 15.  I have had my Wacoal bras for as long as 4 years and I still have to buy a new one to let me know the others have finally worn out...they never look stretched or worn.  I hope they never take this bra off the market."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This waist cincher is just what I hoped for and more. After carefully reading the reviews, I ordered the large even though my waist is 33 inches. I was worried that it wouldn't fit or make much difference, but the results were fantastic. It highlights my hourglass figure and makes me feel much more confident in clingy dresses. As others have mentioned, it won't work under very clingy and thin fabrics because the fasteners will show through.I have worn this for hours at a time, including on a long car ride, and it is more comfortable than expected. It also helps my posture, which is nice. FInally, I appreciate that it is easy to care for--I just wash it on the delicate or handwash cycle and hang to dry. I was so pleased with it that I ordered another in beige."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This waist cincher is perfect for those who don't have a whole lot to pack in, but want a smooth, long line.  I also like it because the garter straps can be significantly shortened, so the tops of my stockings are not down near my knees at the end of the day.  It is comfortable but sturdy - no weird poking or pinching - and it holds its shape throughout the day.  Finally, this is much more visually appealing than most waist cinchers/tummy flatteners out there.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "As another reviewer mentioned, it's hard to find an XS girdle/shaper and this one certainly does the job of taking away a couple inches off my waist to look great in wedding dress. However all of the cinching is at the waist and perhaps not enough in the hip area which gives you an almost unnatural silhouette: tiny waist, big hips, flattened top of butt - my torso and hips feel a bit like 2 sausage links separated at the waist but on the good side it gives you a very 50s  bombshell figure under the RIGHT type of clothes. I don't recommend wearing it under fitted or slinky clothing, for me that looks a little bizarre and you can clearly see the hooks. But it is perfect under layered clothing, much like a wedding dress!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This cincher is as firm as they get and chisels out a fantastic waist. If you're looking for a great silhouette under fitted clothes that aren't too clingy, this is your secret weapon. It's my go-to shapewear when wearing jeans and a button-front sweater, or with dresses that nip in at the waist (the garters are very sturdy) but don't cling to the body. Button-front sweaters hide the hooks in front of the cincher--which will otherwise show through clothes--and if you're a bit \"fluffy\" in back this might not be the best choice for you under fabrics that closely show the shape of your back (it might blend with the line of your bra... it might not). Overall it's a solid and well-used part of my shapewear wardrobe. Note: Rago has a line of products that are not always identified clearly in Amazon; check out [...] for details."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ended up gaining a lot of stress weight just before my wedding, and needed to cinch in so i could lace my dress closed.It is comfortable, and stays in place. Also very breathable.I wore it the whole day.I've worn it since when i needed a bit of extra help getting into dress pants.Been through about 7 washes, and just got a small tear on the inside.Also take note that the garter clips are removable.Goes clear up to almost my bra in the front.Was well worth the money."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a Rago 6207 high waist long leg panty girdle - every day all day - it is wonderful! It does notshow - I do not have that \"girdled\" look and most of all it gives me a flat tummy. I do not wear pantiesunder, stockings, and only my girdle. The 6207 has no zipper and once it is on forget it. The open crotchmakes life easy in the bathroom. At first my girdle is tight, then it is comfortable and then I just forgetthat I have it on. I am not at all self conscious and I look great - have had many compliments and no qustionsat all - women's girdles are not just for women. I have three 6207's - one on, one in wash and one in the drawer.I would not leave home without my girdle - no ride up, roll over and a flat tummy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pros:>This product provides a lot of support>Has a great little hidden pee vent>Looks a lot nicer than the photograph>Works great around the hips and for fitting into jeans>Provides decent back supportCons:>Definitely runs on the small size (I bought a size up, but I wish I'd made that 2)>Despite nice loose rubber lace edges to smooth out the lines, still leaves very noticeable indentation rings right in the middle of the thigh>Distributes tummy above the top resulting in a very noticeable spare tire tummy above the waist (looks extremely odd and noticeable)>Permanent metal garter clasps that can be painfulSum:Probably good if you just want to fit into jeans, but buy at least one size up, and don't even think about wearing under any but the loosest clothing and probably with a jacket."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I hate bounce. I'm a 36DD, and like high impact sports. While this bra didn't completely eliminate bounce, it certainly reduced it to a more comfortable level. I can do intervals in this, play basketball, and jump around to my hearts content. I still sometimes do the double bra technique with this bra, but this is probably the only bra I'd wear on its own for high impact sports.Upside: best bra around for minimizing bounceDownside: Ugly. No getting around that. You can't wear cute little tops with this. But when you don't have painful bounce, you can live with a little more coverage."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Function is more important that looks or cush for large women who run.  And this is the only running bra that works.  It has the least  bounce of any running bra, regardless of price.  Enell figured out that ANY elastic promotes bounce.UUUUGLY!  Squished cleavage pokes out of the top of a size 3 (but the size 4 isn't tight enough for 40DD). Huge seams show under your tank top.  Uglier than dirt. So what?  This uni-boob from hell prevents the pain and the DOWN-side of gravity--for your future figure.Okay, Enell:  you can improve it with a wider placket shield, since the hooks can touch and irritate skin.  And maybe one day you can cush it up a bit...In the mean time, strap them girls down and hit the trail."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a 38DDD and this is the best sports bra I have ever owned. I was so tired of looking for a bra that fit and provided adequate support.  I stumbled across this one from a recommendation on Oprah.  Finally, something advertised on TV that actually works.  This is my fourth time to purchase this bra and I will never try anything else unless it's free.  I play several softball games per week, year around and these bras hold up well for a couple of years of weekly washing and wearing.  If you are a large busted woman this WILL be the last brand of sports bra you ever buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered 2, and actually preferred the tan finish (tone was gorgeous, and more even in appearance).  The tan was missing a \"leg\" however; it has rubber to keep it off the countertop, so I sent it back.  I kept this one for my husband, which I intended as a gift.  A bit of miscommunication has them refunding instead of exchanging the tan, no biggie, we shall figure that out. The bag(s) itself is great.  I can't wait to see how it ages, it, like few products these days, appears to be built for the long haul.  I anticipate it will look great for years, if it's cared for."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Interestingly, these do not keep your hands warm...they just keep them from being cold.  When you are hiking, running or doing other things in the cold your hands tend to get cold and can really ruin an activity.  Gloves, however, can make  your hands overheat while doing physical activities.  These just keep your hands at a normal temperature so you do not even think about them.  They are knit and gripping is pretty much non existent.  But for running, walking, or hiking out in the cold, they are great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "gloves very comfortable and kept my hands warm for the most part.  The day I used them was the coldest day of the year and it was an early morning run and my fingers at the end were so cold my fingers felt like they could fall off.  I saw them in a running store and mentioned this, the guys in the shop said it must be because my hands didn't sweat.  Apparently they are really good gloves.  I will use them again but the next cold run will have another pair of warm gloves on top."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these gloves a few months ago because I needed a good pair of running gloves when my morning runs were normally in the 25-30 degF range. I purchased them based on other reviews that claimed that they'll keep your hands warm while still letting them breath.The woven material sure lets your hands breath but that also makes my hands feel cold. As your body and hands move while you run (or even just walking) you'll feel the cold air hitting your hands and it was uncomfortable for me. My hands didn't feel frozen but it was unpleasant. I definitely wouldn't call it warm. When the temps were closer to 40 degF my hands felt better but you still feel the cold air.They seem to be a good quality glove that fits me well and should last a long time but they're not some magical fabric that manages to keep your hands warm while at the same time letting cold air hit them. My BS detector must be on the fritz."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this bra on sale at TJ Maxx awhile back.  When I tried it on at the store, I was amazed at how well it fit--the bra sat smoothly against my body, fitting snugly around my curves, with no gaping or riding up anywhere.  I am a B-cup, and I like that this bra has just a slight padding to it, yet doesn't feel like armor (which is how my husband has described some of my other padded bras!).  The smooth satin is very comfortable to wear, and the various colors are very attractive--I actually have the \"snake,\" which is simply a pretty spotted green with some purple flecks.  I knew from the moment I purchased this bra that I was going to want to buy another one like it; I even saved the tags.  Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm not sure what to think.  I have been searching for this color for a long time.  I finally found it and it wasn't $35, so I bought it.  It is a beautiful dark brown.  I got the right size.  The only thing is, I just don't like under wire bras.  I had hoped that it wouldn't be so bad, but alas, under wire is under wire, and it is annoying.  So, I will wear it, but not as often as I'd like."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Maidenform's bra was labeled the correct size, but when my wife compared them to another bra that they sent her you could see that it was an inch and a half shorter in length, and the cup size was smaller too so it did not fit.  They said over the phone they could do an exchange, then when we paid $10 to ship it to them they said 5 weeks later that they do not do exchanges.  They have no consistency in their bra sizes, and they have terrible customer service support."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered 2 of these bras for my girlfriend, because she got too big for her previous bras, (that's a Great Problem to have. LOL!). I liked the way the looked in the pictures, and most of the ladies in the reviews absolutely raved about them; so I thought I would give them a try.First, the price was less than half of what I paid at the local Victoria Secret's. My girlfriend says since I so fond of her breast, I am responsible for keeping them looking good. (I have absolutely NO PROBLEM with that. LOL!)Long story short, they arrived very quickly, they fit her very very well, and they look GREAT!!!I definitely will be ordering more in many colors. WOOO HOOO!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After reading other reviews I decided to give these red label 517s a try, even though over the years no Levi jeans have ever fit my frame quite right. My aging body now has a little round tummy, along with skinny legs and a flat rear end. These jeans were baggy in the rear and so snug in the front that they emphasized my tummy. The material they are made from is also a much lighter weight than I remember Levi jeans of old. I sent them back for a refund, and bought Lee Men's Premium Select Regular Fit Straight Leg jeans instead."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My 13 yr old son has always been almost impossible to fit. He has always had long legs and a small waist. Pants shopping is a nightmare! We tried skinny jeans but he hated the tight fit in the lower leg. They were a hassle to remove and put on with school gym class.I just got him new jeans and they are finally just right. He's about 110# and 5'6\". I got him these jeans in a 29 waist / 34 inseam. Sadly, I did not buy them on Amazon. Nor at a store - no one seems to carry this combination of measurements in the store. I admit I didn't think to look here, which is surprising since I buy a lot on Amazon. Still, I write this review in the hopes that other parents with my problem will find it helpful to see what fit my son, based on his height and weight"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear nothing else and needed a new pair of boot cut. I might start wearing something else if Levi doesn't do something about what's going on with its labor force. C'mon Levi! You're charging enough for each pair of these things. Spread it around to those who make them for you. Had to be said.I really might never buy them again after recent news, but you want only to know about the jeans. They're Levi's, which, despite Brett Favre's claims, are still the best, albeit overpriced.Mainly, I can always count on them fitting, and once again these do. Best for me this time is the 35\" waist, which is unusual for Levi's."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These were a secret gift for my brother-in-law. He keeps complaining that he must do laundry every other day because he only has one pair of work pants, but then he just will not go get more or let anyone buy him any! So, I got the size off of the one pair of jeans he owns (laundry is at my house) and I bought several other pairs that were similarly worn. I sneak in a new pair about once a week and so far he hasn't noticed that he now has three pair of work pants. When I slip in the new ones, I put them in the dirty clothes hamper he uses.  I wonder if he knows his pants are multiplying yet?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This has to be a knock off. I've worn K Swiss shoes for as long AS I can remember. This is my first attempt at buying them online. I'll never do it again. The soles are removable in these shoes, which real K Swiss does not do. They are so uncomfortable! Like walking on 2x4's. They are super heavy and bulky. They don't soften up, and now because they were worn to find all of this out, I doubt I can return them. Save your money and buy them at the store to make sure it's a real K Swiss shoe because this shoe is terrible!!!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have find it very difficult to find the right bra online, I prefer to go to a store and being measured. But because I'm living in a town with no lingerie stores, sometimes I have no option than to buy online.The material is ok, I'm happy that is doesn't have any padding, BUT the wire is to broad.I'm a 34 DDD (euro size F75), and the wire is coming out of my blouse in the front. The wire continues till under my armpit. That is to wide for me. The cup though is good. I like the color very much and it does wear comfortable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These T shirts are thin (which I personally like) and fit great. I love the colors too, the images here represent the real colors well.I got two of these, one last year one this year and they keep the color even washing repeatedly in hot water.I am 5.5 tall, I got an S and it was right in length but too large so I just washed it in hot water and dried it in the drier at max temperature (I got the 100% cotton one). This way it would get like a XS, which fits a normal size woman."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "60% COTTON and 40% POLYESTER T SHIRT. Now, it was described as 100% cotton, and that's what I wanted to buy. If the sellers are not able to honestly describe their product, then they will lose the ability to sell to people via the web. ITS IMPERITIVE that the sellers are honest, for us to buy sight unseen.  People don't realize, perhaps, that polyester cotton blended cloth is much cheaper than pure cotton. PURE COTTON breathes in hot weather, and absorbs sweat better.  The shirt looks OK, the color and size is nice, so is the cut.  BUT, it will wear out MUCH faster, than 100% cotton. It wont fade in that cool way that 100% cotton does, nor will it shrink a bit, which is why I buy 2X for 100% cotton. I'm VERY DISAPPOINTED, especially because my TIME was wasted, simply because the seller felt like being dishonest."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this to use under a vintage 1950s gown with a nipped waist. I was sure it would ache immediately but I was able to comfortably wear it for hours, to a wedding, and dance without problem. I liked it so much I've been finding reasons to use it with other dresses as well, and I purchased one in black too.I'm one of those people that is a different size for the waist than the hip, and rather than following the recommendations to go with the larger size (in my case, hip) I ordered the size appropriate for my waist, wanting more control there. Because of this the lower seam tends to roll up, but generally stays put. There are hooks for garters so if you were to use this with thigh high stockings, I'm sure it would take care of the problem with the bottom end rolling up a little."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "this product is well made.  It really works as far as holding in your waist and improving your posture.  The only issue that I have is that you can definitely see the boning and snaps under anything that's not too thick (i.e. a t-shirt or a tank)  I won't be able to wear this under any fitted dresses......  oh well, I will continue to wear it for at least 8 hrs a day, 5 days a week and see if I get the results that others have stated they got."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This really cinches the waist and gives you the hourglass in an instant. I have an hourglass shape myself, but still needed a cincher to hide the consequences of cookies and other crap called food (tummy and love-handles. I have a training corset, but the corset is too stiff to be able to bend in it (even to drive a car - makes me sit real high in my car as it also works your posture and makes you sit real straight and high, so I feel like I have a real gigantic torso, because normally I like to sit low or sit on my tailbone when I drive). Anyway, this cincher is the bomb. It is firm and shapes you into a real hourglass."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought one of these waist cinchers and its very effective and not too uncomfortable.  An added benefit is that it helps me to remember to sit up straight.  It works well for me, its not the easiest piece of clothing to put on because of each individual hook and eye but once on it stays in place and does its job perfectly. I'm a bit short so this rides a little higher and lower on my than in the picture but that's exactly where I need the support!  SB 5 foot 4 and 140 lbs"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got this cincher for my holiday party dress, but it was awful. My boyfriend didn't like it at all. It cinched me in, but it was too long for my torso and added an extra &#34;curve&#34; where it ended. I didn't look like a better version of myself at all. I ended up not wearing it under the dress and just returned it.I also ordered the Fleece cincher based on reviews some people liked this one better and others that one. Similar issue there. I returned them both."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Received this item before expected.  Delivery was excellent.  I was afraid that the measurements would be incorrect on thewebsite but I chose a large and it fits perfectly.  It is a little hard to put on but once it is on it does exactly as stated.  There areno love handles on my side and it makes any garments have a perfect look and my waist looks much smaller.  If anyonewants to order this product please use your hip measurements and not your waist.  Buying this item in too large a size will not letyou get the effect desired."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are a fantastic addition to my bedroom collection! I got several versions of leg avenue thigh highs to use with a garter belt. These in particular are very sexy. I haven't had any issue with ripping or snagging or being too loose. You don't have to use a garter, but I'd recommend it because while they do stay up long enough to make an impact, but they don't stay that way for long.And seriously, for the price, they are great. You can barely get a bottle of soda these days for this price. Even if they don't last a lifetime (I've only had mine a few weeks), I won't lose sleep if I need to replace them. As with any delicate item, launder these carefully--hand wash only, and don't scrub madly away as if you're ridding the world of germs.They shipped quickly and were packaged well. I have other items from this company and would order more in future."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "All right, let's get right down to it! When it comes down to intimate apparel, there is nothing that captures a man's eyes and imagination as thigh-high stockings!These soft and sexy stockings wear well, and stay up. So, you don't need to use a garter, but I do recommend one. (I don't believe in understatement in the bedroom.)I highly recommend these stockings to you - or for you men, buy them as a gift!(Review of Leg Avenue Women's Stay Up 3-Inch Lace Top Thigh Highs #1022)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm not really a plus-size gal (12/14), but I have chunky thighs and I hate the thigh-high mushroom effect, so I went with plus size just to be safe. No luck - these were incredibly tight and very unflattering. There was also an odd greasy residue on the cardboard insert in the package. Of course you can't return stockings once opened, so now I'm stuck with these useless stockings. They really are pretty to look at draped over a hanger, but if you have large thighs, that's about all they're good for.Fortunately, the capable folks at Sock Avenue were able to help - they recommended Leg Avenue's Plus Size Sheer &#34;Lace Top Stockings with Backseam,&#34; which were, oddly, so much stretchier they were almost too big, which was actually perfect. Now I just wish I knew what to do with these!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I loved this watch when I first recieved it but I have quite a collection and don't wear any one watch often. Bought this one in July 2012, it is now January 2013 and I've only worn it 3 times. On the 3rd wearing the band came loose from the face and at this point I can only get a partial refund. NOT COOL!! I have one other Skagen that I purchased at the same time (a browm dial) and now I'm almost afraid to wear that one. Like this one, it is thin and nice to look at. I will not even consider another Skagen in the future. Looks and feels like quality, but NOT!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch is exactly what I had in mind.  Wanted a black band and a black face and not much weight.  Has kept correct time so far which, amazingly, is becoming a rarity with even expensive watches.  It's perfect with long sleeve shirts that can slide right over it since the case is so slim.  The mesh band means it weighs very little.  Will be comfortable in hot weather.  The ONLY issue that made this a 4 star is getting it off can be a real chore.  The first catch unhinges easily, but the second one can be a bit of a challenge. There is probably more of a trick to it than I have figured."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this watch for awhile now and really like it. I think its pretty and goes well with all my bracelets, silver and gold. It runs well and unlike most other comments, i don't have a problem seeing the time. The only issue to aware of is.. if you don't clamp the latch properly, it will fall off after wearing it all day!  That has happened to me twice. Both times someone had picked it up off floor and gave it back..i didn't even know it was gone!  I got lucky. Otherwise, its great!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a beautiful watch, nicer in person than the picture.  I love the two tone look to wear with gold and silver jewellery.  I agree with other reviews that the second hand is too prominent and gets mistaken for the minute hand, but this is something you get used to after a while, I've been wearing it for about a month now.  it keeps perfect time so far and the face is medium size and suits my wrist (medium to large).  Very sleek and classic looking, can wear to work or going out."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "these are the best bras for a full busted woman.  i wear 36J and had to go up a cup to 36JJ because i am 20 weeks pregnant.  love my panache !  always great coverage.  And wish they were made in a nursing bra!  by the way i have had full busts my whole life and find that panache fits me the best. I dont have a wide back just very large breasts. so the cup always fits well and they are easy on the eye. wear your right size ladies! and you will never look bad!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I really wanted to like this bra. Well, I really wanted it to fit. I have a short torso, so the wires on this bra are simply too long, and poked me in the arm pit as soon as I sat down. If you are petite, this bra might not be the best shape/size for your frame.Despite that issue, the cup size was also a little large - I am typically a G cup, but another site recommends an F for this bra company. I would recommend trying a cup down if you are above a D size.The fabric on the bra is pretty and I love the sheer look. I would have loved to have been able to keep the bra."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a nicely constructed bra. The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras. I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore. The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts. If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue, then this would be the perfect bra. Having a large frame (unfortunately) and a large cup size, I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit. Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras, though. Also, in terms of construction, I don't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the 32K, per size charts... I think the cups run smaller then the size chart states.The bra is made of a rough material, it rubbed my armpits and cleavage raw after only a few hours.The under-wires poked threw after the second wearing. I only hand washed it.The stitching and seems show threw even heavy tee-shirts...The stretchy straps are a bad idea for large breasts...Overall I am not impressed with the quality of this product. I would not recommend it to women with large breasts."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a 36 H now that I am nursing, and the medium ++ fits perfect. This is by far my most comfortable nursing bra. I wear it around the house, while sleeping, running errands, and even playing racquetball. The fit is like a sports bra (it does create a &#34;uniboob&#34; look) but it has great support.  If you are looking for a nursing bra for busty women with better shaping for going to work or dressing-up, I recommend the Bravado Bliss Nursing Bra, but definitely buy a Double Plus (or a few) for your days off."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very comfortable and easy to nurse with. Great support for hospital, around house day and night, not so much for work/going out bc much like a sports-bra in shape (or lack thereof).If this is your first pregnancy, and you'll be nursing, you'll need several nursing bras. Several, because baby daily with spit milk right back at you and you'll be sleeping in them too when your boobs weigh down with milk.  Frankly, it's uncomfortable not wearing a bra.In a nursing bra, one-handed latching/unlatching is important so you can hold baby with the other hand.  This bra has super easy latches.  It's excellent."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this nursing bra. It's super comfy and fairly supportive. But, it fits like a sports bra, giving you a &#34;uni-boob&#34;. Especially if you have a larger chest like me. However, it's perfect for wearing around the house! The one thing I don't like about this bra is the line on the side of your boob. It shows under clothes and can be annoying. As a side note, I wear a 42H while nursing and the Double Plus XL fits just fine. :)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra fits great, and is comfortable.  Not \"you won't know you're wearing it\" comfortable, but \"WOW, all this support and I feel fine comfortable.\"The girls get plenty of support, not just north and south, but east and west, too.  They haven't been where they are now for 20 years!  This bra isn't lacy or frou frou, but it is pretty, the the lining does NOT bunch up and have you walking around with the dreaded bosom pleat.  I've never before found a bra with this much support combined with comfort and lining (we're not supposed to have nipples, you know).  I bought it because of the reviews, and I thank the other reviewers because I need look no farther for the perfect bra!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm 49 and my body has recently changed so I've tried a few bras lately, and this one is the best. It lifts, covers my underarm-boob (as defined in Oprah mag), doesn't gap at all on my slightly smaller side, shows no seams, comes in skin-tone, is comfortable...I think that's my entire checklist. My second favorite was a Betsy Johnson demi-bra that was adorable but the seams show under t-shirts. I bought a few Calvin Kleins (before I discovered this Natori) that don't address \"underarm boob.\" Nothing else in my size (32D) made the cut. Hope this helps someone."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I understand that I wear a size 38DDD, but I still feel that even if I wore a smaller size, this bra would do nothing for me.  It is like a normal bra and will be used as such.  It gives less support than some normal bras that I have had for over a year, a medium amount of lift and if I wore this to run, I would probably get hit in the face with a boob.  No lie.  The fabric is thin and does not &#34;hold you in&#34; as a sports bra really needs to do to be effective.  Two stars because it does not do what it is intended to do.  If you are looking for a good sports bra, I would definitely not recommend this one.  If you want a &#34;lounging around the house, comfortable cleaning bra&#34; then yes, this would work for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm looking for a sports bra that gives me really good separation of my breasts. I hate my boobs touching each other when I'm exercising, or really any time. I'm anti-uniboob! I have some nice regular bras that do the job, but no sports bras. I wish someone would find one that doesn't cost a fortune and let me know. I'm usually a 34 C. I tried that and it was *way* too small in the cups, really smooshed me together. Now I have a 34 D. It's a better fit, and it mostly separates. I don't know if going up to a 34 DD would give me the fit I want or not."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have loved and worn this style sports bra for years.  When it was time to replace the current crop, I went to my normal bra store, only to discover they were out of it in my size.  On a whim, I checked on Amazon.  They not only had the bra, in my size, but at a cheaper price.  What's not to love?This is a great bra for larger busted women.  It really keeps the girls in place.  And unlike most bras, it doesn't seem to stretch out.  Maybe that's because I don't put them in the dryer.  It also helps that the straps are not elastic.  But there are slots so that they can be adjusted.Fitting note - I find all Natori bras to be true to size.  So, order what you normally wear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got this bra in my regular size, (38DD) and I love it! I have VERY dense breast tissue and full breasts so I have a hard time finding sports bras that are supportive enough (I tried the donna karen full coverage underwire and the material was too thin to support my breasts) I love this bra, it comes up high, is super supportive and comfortable so when walking/running/exercises they dont giggle like usual! Next to try, the Wacoal Sport underwire bra, I hear that is fantastic as well!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this bra for a few years now, and although it is supportive when I run (32DD), I find that it's my last choice and only wear it when my others are in the wash.  The main reason is that it's cotton, and I didn't really think about that when I first bought it.  It's fine in winter, but in the hot humid southern summers, it gets wet and stays that way.  Plus it catches on some shirts because of the fabric not being smooth."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My daughter lives in flip flops during the summer so I wanted to find a pair that was supportive.  Tried Chaco (too heavy) and a Reef Fanning (toe piece hurt) with no luck.  Grabbed my flip  flops that I bought several years ago at REI which were very supportive and comfortable (walked all around Disney last summer on a pouring rain day), and discovered they were Reef slaps.  Found the Slap 2 which has an identical style so I ordered them.  She loves them!  I would like another color but mine are still in great shape after several years' wear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Reef's for many years. I have a very high arch and narrow foot so it can be a challenge to find a snug enough fit. These sandals envelope my foot and embed it far enough that it gives great support. The arch is superior to any Reef sandal I've tried. They are not too light and therefore are more durable. While I only wear these indoors as a house slipper, I am sure they would be comfortable walking over most road surfaces, including gravel.  I don't suggest that this sandal is only for narrow feet. Through repeated wearings they have grown much looser on my foot, but that is what I have grown to expect considering most sandals are made for and average size feet. I highly recommend these sandals."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these for their support and comfort. I (sadly) just can't wear the tiny cutesy flip flops any more. But I don't care bcs I LOVE these. They do run small so order a size up. ln my opinion, this style has the best/cushy heal . Some others have a hard heal, which I do not recommend. My first pair has last 6 years and I wear them almost daily (I live in FL) and the tread on the bottom is still good but the front toe portion has separated. Worth the cost for sure."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've previously had the Fannings and loved them. I thought since it was the same company that makes these they'd be very similar. I was very disappointed to learn that was not the case. These state they're medium and I've never had an issue with a 7M before, however, when I try to slide my foot in the back strap near the heel is too narrow and cuts into my arch. It's extremely uncomfortable and I had to return them due to the discomfort.I should have just stuck with what I'm used to. I knew the Fannings were comfortable and I these looked so similar I thought I'd give them a try. Even from looking at the photo of these the straps don't look like they're squeezing the foot but either I received an item that was put together wrong or the shoe is the photo is just better.I hate complaining and returning but I really had no choice on these. Looks like everyone else has had success."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I live in these shoes.  This is my third pair of Newports, and it's one of the only sandals that I literally wear until they fall off my feet.  I get years of wear from every pair.  Of all the Keen sandals, these seem to be the truest fit.  They also have the thickest soles and heaviest toe bumper for foot protection when using them for hiking.  I even use them for backpacking when I'm on trails that are not too technical.  The support is excellent, and the quality is simply the best I've found in any sandal.I bought these through Amazon and the shipping was fast and accurate.  I will buy another pair and I highly recommend these to others."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great sandal. I got to replace some aqua socks I've had for years that fell apart while at a water park.  These are super comfortable and can easily be work with the heel strap on or off. Look kinda clunky, but that's the idea.  Love the toe protection, which has saved me many times. I would definitely get again.UPDATE 5/14/13 - Just came back from Maui and these were awesome. Really helpful to have on at the hot beaches and able to navigate the lava rocks.  No separated toe injury from \"sandal syndrome\" either.  These were my go to shoe for the trip and best comfort. Highly recommend!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a size 10 1/2 in my running shoes (Go Fasters, USMC !), I ordered a size 10, and they fit perfect and are true to size,I also have wide (see photo), These are my third pair of Keens and the last two were a 1/2 size too big.So  once they broke in,  walking to the mailbox and back they fit like a well worn glove, or sock. LOL !!  Brad B.  (Winston-Salem, N.C.)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "perfect fit right out of box... I read all reviews and, asked people whom wore Keen sandals; all said order 1/2 size larger. Great advise! Do as suggested. Wore all day, without any rubs or discomfort.I had have tried both New Balance & Merrill barefoot shoes to use while sailing. When the deck got wet from heeling and, spray I lost footing. Ended up on floor, real close to capsizing. Not again. I like the feel Keen sandals so much I now own 2 pair.A shoe to try that's not a sandal, Northface! Nice, too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love Keens!  And this sandal is no exception.  Purchased these for my husband and the fit and style is great. They're comfortable and rugged.  I ordered the India Ink/Rust color combo because they were the cheapest, but was so pleasantly surprised.  They look much better in person than on the website!!!  If I were looking at them in a store and had choices for the same price, I still would pick this color combo.  If you haven't worn Keens before, they're a must..."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I originally purchased this sandal with the intent of doing some light hiking and river-rafting.  The sandal held up remarkably well!  The only reason I haven't given this five stars is because when wearing this sandal barefoot, the inside of the arch-supports have a little nodule that rubbed uncomfortably against my feet.  HOWEVER - I have extremely flat feet, so maybe it's me and not the sandal.  I would still recommend this footwear, as it is tough enough to hike in, and comfortable enough to get wet in.Pros:- Tough, rugged, versatile- Stylish- Great Value (I paid $64, retails for $80)- Sizes for all (I wear a 15)- Closed toe (no more stubby-stabby!)- Good tread for hiking- Easy elastic and clamp tiesCons:- Rough spot on the inside arches- Sizes run about 1/2 large"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's hard to order shoes online without trying them on.  I'm a consistent size 8, so it doesn't scare me too much.  The seller recommended going up a half a size from what you normally wear, so I did.  I must say that I'm glad I did!  These fit perfectly!  Not saying that an 8 would have been too small, but the 8.5 fits perfectly.  These are easy to get on, using the loop in the back, and &#34;lace&#34; up quickly and easily.  These are easily the most comfortable shoes out of the box that I've ever bought.  They are thickly padded, have toe-protection, and don't look as clunky as the pictures in person.  So far, highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted to have a kipling bag because it is light and comfortable. I love this mini purse it has a strong zipper my medical things fits perfectly. I sent out for the wallet can't wait to receive it. I recommend this purse for people with back or heart problems it is lightweighted comfortable, washable. I believe I will have it for a longgggggggggggg time. It is worth the price.UpdateMy kipling purse has cost sensation at my job. Everyone loves it. I sewed velcro at both sides I write this suggestion for the company to know, it looks even cuter with both sides closed with velcro. My friends now want to have a kipling purse.  It is durable, waterproof, washable. I love my purse.  I would like to know where you get the names for the monkey. I would love to have a monkey with my name Marilyn."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My wife bought a pair of these panties a few years ago just to try something new. She was so impressed at how comfortable they were that she asked me to try them on. I now own 24 pair of them! These are, without a doubt, the most comfortable underwear I have ever worn! They are stretchy, light, cool and they don't pinch, bind or ride up. I would suggest that you wash these on gentle cycle and hang dry them. They will last much longer!My only question is why doesn't Jockey make anything like this for their male customers? 0-0-0"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was told about these from my podiatrist and they are good for a wear everyday shoe. I wear these in my shoes everyday and for the most part they are good. They are not like my custom made orthotics but they are decent for everyday wear if you are on your feet all day. I am not sure how they would work in running or work out shoes since your foot is suppose to mold to them. The best method would probably be to put them in the oven like the directions state. I didn't and I just wore them until they stopped hurting and that let me know they molded to my foot, but I don't recommend this method. Use the heated method since it is faster."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I own at least 5 or 6 golf visors.  I bought this one because I am constantly in search of a more comfortable one.  This one had such great reviews I felt that this must be super comfortable - NOT!!  No Headache Visor?  YES, BIG headache!!  By about the 4th hole it felt like my head was in a vise.  I guess I always thought I had an average sized head, and no one has ever told me otherwise, but maybe not?  All I know is that I've never had another visor, or any other hat for that matter, fit as tightly as this visor - this thing was just plain awful!  I won't be wearing it again!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This jacket is not meant to keep you warm in freezing temperature. It is good for running a few miles or wearing it over a sweater on a rainy day. I got an Extra Small Maroon and it's 35 inches around the chest area and 32 on the waist area.It can be rolled up to a ball and doesn't take a lot of space if you take it on a trip. It is durable and VERY light weight. It is water resistant and the hood covers your head, if you zip it all the way up it covers your mouth and just leaves your eyes and your nose exposed. Recommended for those who are always out hiking in the morning or joggers in cold weather. If you wear this on a 40 degree weather you will feel the temperature for sure. The color is nice and design is simple. The fabric is thin, almost like an umbrella and durable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The fit is good, the color is perfect, the quality is great,  but, the All-Star emblem is on the INSIDE ankle of each shoe. NO, they are NOT on the wrong feet. Dad, Mom, and grandparents checked for right shoe on the right foot. Yep! Both shoes were on the correct feet. This pair of Chuck Taylor All-Star Hi- Top Kelly Green Canvas Shoes are DIFFERENT, but we will definitely keep them and our granddaughter cannot wait to wear them to school to show her Hi Fashion Friends. Will we buy others? Absolutely!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Well I love Dickie's stuff, so I'm biased. Hey, their work clothes hold their shape without ironing, they are water resistant, stain resistant, don't tear easily, and are not expensive. I needed this for my job which requires black or white shirt and I needed long sleeves to cover my tattoos. I am not tall, and my arms aren't that long, but these sleeves were actually perfect for me. I can't say that about most XL button downs I have with long sleeves. I can actually wear a large but I like my work shirts a bit loose so I can move around better without untucking the thing. It is long so stays tucked in pretty good. For wearing untucked it's a bit long but okay enough. I will order more of these just to wear to go to dog park, or even go out swing dancing watching my friend's rockabilly bands."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i got the short sleeve shirts in med. they fit great but the long sleeves seem to be a little bigger around the body. i like the arm length tho some people complain on how short they are but you need to know these are not dress shirts they are WORK shirts so it makes sense to me that the sleeves are tad short. i will try washing it and see if it shrinks if not then i guess this will become a camping shirtalso remember not to get the brown color or else you will look like a UPS delivery guy lol!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "use to buy XL t-shirt to fit me properly because I like to wear lose shirt.. so, I thought its the same situation here.. and also I measure 46&#34; as XL (suppose in between 46 to 48.. its my fault I guess). So now I send for alteration at local tailor and now they'll make this XL shirt to L shirt (full alter, sleeves, pocket etc.. etc..) but its ok.. now I learn my lessons about sizing.. :) anyway, i love the design, colour, cloth.. its a very nice shirt.. if only I ordered L size.. Hmmm.."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have liked Dickies products for a long time now.  The work shirts are just slightly larger than a T-shirt would fit.  I understand most mechanics or workers like it a little looser, but it will not fit exactly like a T-shirt might.  It also won't shrink much, if it all, because of the materials it is made from.It keeps you relatively cool, it's very comfortable and durable.  Pretty good price for the quality as well.  Looks good as a work shirt or a casual shirt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i absolutely love these shirts for work and for play. i am 5'10\" 185lbs and on the muscular/beefy side and i wear a medium. everything else in the world, i wear a large. even the t shirt under my Dickies shirt (that i am wearing as we speak) is a large. i never need to iron these shirts and they look great and hold up well for the ship work, construction work, and office work that i do. if Dickies could get their sizing more consistent i would buy more of their products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First the shirts: I am 5'6\", 130Lbs (short, skinny) and ordered 3 smalls, in black, khaki, and dark navy for work at a tool shop. The shirts fit well and are very well made. Definitely will hold up better than a T.Secondly, I have never had a package shipped through Prestige, however I ordered these shirts Friday at 2am (very late Thursday night) and they were on my doorstep today, Monday at noon. That's 2 day shipping (Kentucky to Pennsylvania) and I didn't pay a cent (free super saver option selected). Absolutely hands down the best shipping service I've ever dealt with, I'm totally blown away and cannot offer enough praise. Good work Amazon, good work Prestige, good work Dickies.100% satisfied."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love Dickies products. They fit nicely, look good and, most importantly, last a long time due to the rugged construction. I only wear short-sleeved shirts because I'm always hot. The shirt and the color are perfect for me to wear in my business casual work environment. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because, when you take it out of the plastic bag that it comes in, it has a pesticide smell to it. You really have to wash it before wearing to get rid of the smell. But, I do understand why they treat the shirts with the pesticide, it sure beats the alternative."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The price is a bit high, as you can get this at Walmart for much less, but I have found that Walmart sells \"seconds\" or defective material most of the time.  For work, seconds or defective material is usually not a problem with me; I just want to let people know, that cheaper in price usually means cheaper in quality.If you are not familiar with this type of fabric, wear an undershirt as you will have \"wear spots\" in places that you usually don't have with all cotton material.  It's best to break your skin in slowly over time if you are like me and don't wear undershirts.  The sore spots I'm talking about is your nipples.  I hope Amazon allows me to use that word."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought the Royal Blue version of this shirt, and I love the bright and vibrant color. However, I don't like the style of the shirt, and I am unlikely to wear it except when everything else is dirty.It has short sleeves like a casual shirt, but then the torso is very long like you are supposed to tuck it in. Are we doing casual or formal? What is the plan, guys? I wear it untucked, but I feel like a slob when I do so.I do not like the breast pocket or the collar.The quality of materials and workmanship seems high."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband really likes these shirts, so they must be comfy.  However he said the second one I ordered for him was a little bit smaller than the first even though I ordered the same size.  He says it still fits him, but I know how picky he is and I'm hoping it doesn't end up at the back of his closet like most do.  I should ad that with these shirts - I do not have to iron them!Update:  So far he is wearing all of the shirts, these are his favorite.  Also the sizing is on the larger side, for this brand we ordered one size down from his usual and I should point out he only likes a 'relaxed' style shirt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'VE BEEN WEARING THESE PANTS FOR 30 YEARS.  YEARS AGO WHEN THEY WERE AMERICAN MADE  THEY WERE TRUE TO SIZE.  NOW THAT ARE MADE IN HONDURAS, THEY SEEM TO BE CUT A HALF SIZE TOO TIGHT.  I'M USUALLY A 38 WAIST, BUT IN DICKIES THE 38'S SEEM TIGHT WHEN I SIT DOWN.  I HAVE TO WEAR THE NEXT SIZE UP (40 WAIST ) TO FEEL COMFORTABLE.AS FAR AS DURABILITY IS CONCERNED, THEY WASH WELL WITH OUT FADING AND CAN HOLD UP TO HEAVY WEAR AND TEAR"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "While it takes a good 4 or 5 washes to soften up, I am very pleased with these pants. They have a nice wide leg opening so they have room to breath, room to bend, while I don't work anymore, if I did these would be great work pants because you can move around easily in them and the knees are reinforced both great qualities for trades people. My only complaints would be that the front pockets are cut at a slant that if you lay down in them or even sitting in the car your change/keys fall out of your pockets. The other complaint is that they come with a crease in them and while the crease came out after several washes and a few passes with an iron, I don't see the need for the crease in work pants. Otherwise I would highly recommend these to anyone looking to put forth a little effort to get a great pair of work pants that I think will last quite a whle."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased two pairs of these Dickies Men's Loose Fit Double Knee Work pants in different colors for family members at home who needed new work pants.  They requested the size they needed and I placed the order.  They are very impressed with the fit, comfort, and quality of these pants which are excellent.  Although there are so many different types of Dickies (different styles, quality, and colors), to choose from on the Amazon website, these pants are very impressive.  The seller has advertised these pants with a complete and accurate description. The delivery was very fast, the packaging was excellent.  All the men in my family who have ordered these Dickies pants are enjoying their purchase, they are happy, impressed, and would recommend these pants to others who would be interested in a great quality work pants.  The price is reasonable, they come in an array of various colors, and I plan to purchase more in the near future."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The fit was excellent, the pants work well for my husband's job with one slight problem:  they show every speck of dirt  when he's on a job site and it clings to the fabric used in the manufacturing of the pants.  Not sure there is much they can do about this since the durability of the fabric is fantastic and the overall look professional, just wish the dust/dirt wouldn't cling so well despite attempts at brushing it off.  The pants must be washed every night."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "these pants were great for 2 times wearing them. then the next time i was wearing them i was in my car waiting for work and looked down and they were ripped right down the seam.  i work in an emergency room and my stuff takes a beating, these pants could not hold up i guess.  I Recommend the wink pants for men,  i have had them for 2 months and there is no problem.  Another thing wrong with these pants is that the draw string dose not stay tight. i constantly had to keep tieing them and my pants still would fall down.  It came to the point that i had to have nothing in my pockets."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ah, actually... Some of us retired gray-beards in my neighborhood decided to form an &#34;Old Codgers&#34; club, and denim overalls are the approved uniform. We wear them while sitting in the shade, feeding the birds, and talking about our ailments. These Dickies overalls are great for that purpose! There are pockets enough for phone, watch & chain, pocket knife, handkerchief, wallet, sunflower seeds,whatever the aspiring Codger needs during his day. The material is quite durable, without being too heavy.They do come a bit long, but that is because they are meant to be worn with turned-up cuffs. All things considered, I highly recommend them!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am very pleased with these overalls.  They feel durable and tough but the material is not too irritating on the skin.  There are ample areas to store sundry items that need to be variously accessible.  The only caveat is that they do run a little small.  I took the advice of other reviews here and ordered a larger size than what I normally would buy for pants.  Even then, there is some struggle fitting in my ample belly, but at least there are buttons on the sides that will allow for adjustment to a looser fit.  Overall, fine overalls."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Compared to other dickies products in the same size, these overall's run a little more snug around the waist. I know they're intended more for work use, but i bought them as a sort of funky/quirky piece to wear around casually. I've got pretty normal proportions, but the legs felt like circus tents and the waist was slimmer than expected. I wanted to love these as they seemed like a fun idea, but unless you're looking to do some fitting modifications I'd say look elsewhere."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have two of these jackets.  and Love 'em.  I'm 5'6&#34; tall, and 150 pounds.  So I'm made for a Med.  The synthetic fleece lining is soft and warm, and the rip-stop shell is durable, and wrinkle resistant. The hood, is lined, and adjustable, via stretchy  shock cord, which is also used at the waist. The sleeves, are lined with nylon, and insulated.  This makes it easy to pull on and off over a heavy sweater.  Since this jacket is of all synthetic materials, It will dry much more quickly than cotton.  One inside pocket, Slash hand warming pockets. The chest and waist, are very roomy.  but the sleeves, not so much.The elastic in the cuffs, is snug, and not adjustable,  but OK."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I go thru allot of jeans. I am always looking for jeans, the knees wear thru quickly, and work says no ripped or torn jeans allowed. Carhart is supposed to be the big name in hard working clothes, so I paid the extra money to try some out. They fit great, and seem fairly well built, but, the denim is so thin. I have bought rustlers from a dept store for less than half the price, that have denim twice as thick and strong. So far these have held up, but are showing signs of wear already, I don't see then lasting as long as other jeans I purchased for less money. When I ordered these I also ordered two pairs of dickies jeans. Dickies are cheaper and unless I look at the label I can't tell the difference. Both are really thin denim."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My order arrived in good time & packaged well.  I usually only purchase named brand jeans but sincethe size I was looking for was not the normal size you find with Jeans , I decided to purchase it., Very pleased with Carhatt,this is a nice fitting Jeans & soft to the touch, It didn't have the stiff feeling you receive on other Jeans , this is def.the soft  fittings Jeans to purchase ,price was a little high, wish it was less expensive but since the size was perfect will purchase again  Tku  Trish  :o)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These pants are very well made and durable.  The stitching is strong, and well-aligned.  The extra side pockets are sized just right for my phone, as I don&#8217;t like putting my phone in the other pockets.  The size is spot on, while the darker color is very nice.  These jeans also have seven belt loops; other brands only have six.  The pockets are extra deep.  The waist is slightly taller than other jeans I have; that is the button is higher up my waist than others, but it is not uncomfortable.  Overall, very impressive jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was so disappointed with these jeans.  I got them tried them on and thought these are what I have been waiting on.  I desired to have a pair of carpenter type of jeans tha tkept their shape for at lease longer than a day.  The day I put these jeans on, I was so excited about reaching my goal.  Well, I was totally surprised when on the day of putting these pants on, that within four hours theses pants are 'bigger and longer&#34;.  This is what I did not want at all. I thought trying this brand would remedy the problem that I have with other brands with this type of jeans.  Would I buy them again-NO! NO! NO!.  The process of the delivery of the jeans to my home was great without any problems or complications."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had a very hard time finding good, well made, long lasting pants and jeans and in my size.  Due to disability I'm not able to exercise like I used to and I've gotten fat (why lie?) and finding sizes that fit are not that easy.  But even when I was slimmer I noticed that jeans and pants were not lasting as long as they used to. Belt hoops break off, zippers break and on one occasion the inseam from the crotch to the knee simply tore away as if weak threading.Not with CArhartt!  Tough, well sewn and made jeans that you can tell the firs time you hold them they were made to take a beating and keep going!  The size was perfect, fit was perfect, they hold their looks and the price was amazing, a sales price that was unbelievable.  Their regular prices are ok with me as you really do get what you pay for! Thanks Carhartt and Amazon!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are my favorite shorts. Made from the same 12 oz. fabric as Carhartt's iconic heavyweight pants, these are probably THE hardest-wearing shorts you can buy. Duluth Trading Co. makes work shorts in a slightly heavier (\"Fire Hose Canvas\") fabric, but Carhartt's are probably a better value unless the DTC ones happen to be on sale.They're practical, too; the hammer loop and especially the low-profile side pockets are incredibly useful for carrying tools, pens, notepads, and whatnot. I find myself using them constantly.The only downside of these heavy-duty shorts is the flip-side of their greatest virtue: the incredibly rugged fabric. It gets hot. I live in the Pacific Northwest, where summers are generally mild, but if I lived in the southern United States, I'd definitely get the lighter-weight shorts."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the \"Brown\" color (not the \"Carhartt Brown\" or \"Dark Brown\") and I wasn't sure what I'd receive because the color swatch for Brown on the product page looks more like a moss green.  The Brown I received can be described as a rust color, a shade of orange-brown.  It's nice, just wanted to share the info on what the color actually looks like.  The pants are the sturdiest I've ever owned, my wife was laughing because it kept its body shape when I took it off and placed it on the ground."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered two of these Carhartt long sleeve shirts, one in \"Ash\" color, the other \"Navy\" blue. I've had some trouble finding real cotton long sleeve T-shirts (I mean NOT cotton/algodon which is thin and rough feeling) the reason I bought them at Amazon was I've returned so many bought at JCP and Macy and thought I read the description to trust Amazon. ok, the shirts arrived and right away I notice the Ash shirt has that rough feel. Each is made in another country, the Ash is marked 99% cotton and made in Dominican Republic; the blue one is 100% cotton made in Honduras. The Ash shirt shrunk in the first wash so much the sleeves are too short to wear it unless I push up the sleeve. The Blue shirt is fine quality shirt all around. So I'm saying be careful...we just don't know nowdays what we will get for our money."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A Great light layer. Perfect for rainy weather. LOVE the color and the side vents. You can stuff the whole jacket into the hand pocket. But the jacket is so lightweight, I think for packing it takes up less room laying flat. Love it.Update: I have had this for awhile now and have one issue. The zippers under each arm for the side vents are ripping out.I didn't notice it at first, but then I felt it. They are coming through the sleeve fabric and making holes. On both arms.I love this coat, so this a bummer. So I dropped from 5 stars to 3."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This jacket fits well and more importantly, functions well.  I used it for lower temperatures and with a long sleeved wicking shirt, felt warm and comfortable. I thought it might be too noisy but I don't mind the slight sounds of my arms swishing against the body of the jacket.  It's so light and wicks well. When I take it off, after 3-5 mile runs, the inside may be moist but I'm not.  I have another rain jacket that leaves me feeling clammy after a brisk walk so I can appreciate the difference .  I love it!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A friend told me these are the most comfortable undershorts ever so I ordered a pair. They were not cheap but they are ridiculously comfortable. Wearing them all day on planes and in airports last week I never noticed i was wearing them. They didn't bind, ride up, get bunched, or anything else that normal boxers would. I recommend these to ANYONE of ANY weight who finds current men's underwear uncomfortable. I have always used the briefs versus the boxers but I thought I would try these. THey are made the same but not quite as comfortable. Still worthy of 5 stars versus any other version but I would go with the briefs. FYI, I ALWAYS have preferred boxer shorts, so even if you prefer boxer shorts you may want to try the briefs version or you will miss out on some of the great comfort."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these for my husband to play golf in (he's a boxer lover and not boxer-briefs) The photo on the model doesn't accurately show it these fit my husband (looser around the thighs and he's got muscular thighs). He wore them one day and has asked me to order enough to throw out ALL of his old boxers from different brands. Super light weight, feels great against his skin, wicks sweat, keeps him cool. He's a 36-38 waist and I got him a Large."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Being well endowed,I have a hard time finding boxers that fit just right.These boxers go on smooth,you can hang loose without falling out,yet it gives you room to grow if need be,also I like the back,just hugs the butt just enough yet stays loose. It feels like your wearing \"bear\"ly nothing.You can sleep in these,if you wish,(won't ride up),lounge and exercise in them.Being hairy,I noticed the white and lite colours boxers,there is some see thru.Also,they do not stick to the skin and living here in the South,we sweat so odor is wicked away.Can wear under shorts and dress/causal pants,jeans with ease. Highly recommend these boxers."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So I started CrossFit and quickly found my standard hanes boxers were a no-go. They'd rip in a deep squat, they would bunch up very fast (choking my thighs, bunching up on my butt only getting tighter in the front and baggier in the back as I progressed) and I started looking on some online CrossFit communities for a better option. Enter these boxer briefs... while I never thought I'd pay 20$ for a single pair of underwear... they are well worth every cent. They give, they breathe, they are snug but not uncomfortable. I also purchased a similar product made by Adidas and love them both equally. Both are now part of my regular fitness gear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I can't add much to the overwhelmingly positive reviews. These are the most comfortable underwear, quickest drying, stay dry, easy to clean, least smelling pairs I've had.They would actually make a great gift because a lot of guys probably will not spend this much for a pair, although I am just mad I didn't sooner. But because of that, think about it. The packaging is nice also and gives a lot of info on why they are so great. So treat yourself or someone who deserves a great item."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are expensive but the quality is great and the fit is athletic without being restrictive.  I needed underwear for what they are designed for: washing in a hotel sink and throwing over a shower rod.  They dry super fast (few hours usually if hung in ample air circulation.  They are very comfortable, don't get damp.  The fit is a bit loose but in the right way: not dumpy and keep things where they are supposed to stay. Unlike cotton shirts, they don't wrinkle or look hammered after frequent use."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been trying tons of underwear over the years not really happy with any for whatever reason. These are hands down the best. Spend the extra $$ theyre super comfortable, will last forever, you can hand wash and they dry in no time (you can wring them out and put them on within 2 mins of washing and your body will totally dry them the rest of the way fast. Could maybe use a button or more front overlap of the flaps but no big deal. I bought one pair then bought 3 more, will never wear anything else."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a 6' 250lb man with a bootie of a dancer. It is a bubble butt. Whitey-tighties are too uncomfortable and boxers just don't work. These boxer-briefs feel amazing.I purchased two pairs for a two week long hike on the Appalachian Trail. They were exceptional. Not just did they fit perfectly without bunching up, but they kept dry and werent stinky. A quick rinse in the creek and then left to hang on a branch/rope overnight and they were good to go in the morning.I purchased another 5 when I got back home and these are now my everyday boxer-briefs.After 6+months of use they will loosen up and start to bunch, so they arent forever-wear; but they are the best and I highly recommend them for men with bubble butts who want comfort."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Sizing: I'm 6'3, 220, 37 waist.  The large seems to be too big. They are little loose like boxers, especially in the crotch.  For $18, I would not go this route again.  Hanes sport boxer briefs at the store are about $3 cheaper and fit a whole lot better.  These exofficios also ride up the leg with general wear.Drying:  I did try out the speedy wash/dry.  Yes, they dry quickly.  This is a bonus; however, I have not compared this to other makes with the same general material. Is it really that special?  I don't know, maybe I am missing something.  But these boxer briefs don't seem to be worth the money I paid."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Buy as many pairs of these as you can afford.  I bought one pair at a bass pro shop in LA and I was hooked. Yes they are expensive but they don't: bind, cut in, chafe from sweat, and can last several days without their unwashed nature being noticed.As an experiment I washed them in the shower wrung them out and wore them wet under my pants in the south. It was 90 degrees outside and they stayed cool for about two hours then dried. Which was very nice. My girlfriend thought I was nuts and told me so regularly.So I bought 4 more pairs. One boxer, one brief, and two boxer briefs. The 80$ took some consideration and courage but they are that good.A side consideration: I bought them in all colors but white. Don't buy white underwear you plan on wearing for days and washing in the sink. Ha ha."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are definitely some of the most comfortable boxers I've ever worn. That being said, I am not comfortable wearing these in a day-to-day capacity. For hiking and the like, these are great. But I've found they can move around and cause a little chaffing if I wear them during my desk job which is odd, but the truth. These also run quite a bit larger than other boxer briefs, my medium size is almost baggy. Compared to my adidas climalite boxer briefs, which are quite tight, I can feel like I'm swimming in these. If I purchase another pair, I'll definitely be sizing down."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Worth every penny, especially if you wait for them to go on sale.  Try one pair to start, because they may not be your thing, but I find they give slight support and chaffing protection both while wearing slacks and blue jeans.  The waist band of many other brands has been a problem for me in the past, but these have given me only minor comfort issues, usually revolving around the rise of my slacks or jeans coupled with my belt while sitting down.  The only way to avoid this completely is to have them painted on I think.  Have not tested their extreme adventure utility yet, but they have served me well on a trip back home to see the parents, and the packability made them easy to get into a crowded carry on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Im very happy with my order and I wear these more than any other kind of mens boxer briefs. I bought two pair and will buy more. They are very comfortable, light weight but also snug. They hold up in all the right parts. They also have triple stitching around the waist band which other brands don't have and tend to rip after a few wears. These hold up great around the waist due to the way their sewn in the waist. I do not dry these in a dryer with heat after wash, I have found that they keep their color and newness longer that way. I recommend these boxer briefs above all othersThe company is great too, the seller replaced a missing pair that was never delivered to me or lost in the mail without any problems. So I highly recommend them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The main reason why I got this underwear is because I experience much chafing with other underwear that will get wet, have rigid sewing lines, and have little bits of cotton ball up inside of them, all of which attribute to chafing.  I bodybuild, so at 6'2&#34; 250 lbs, no chafing is important to me.  Also, these are great for exercising, which is also a plus.  They will never rip from squatting, and they dry quickly, making sweating more comfortable.  Oh yeah, back to chafing.  These eliminated any and all chafing I had.  Also, I like that they have extra space around the balls for more airiness.  They can ride up, but the fabric is so comfortable that it doesn't bother me if it does happen although these do seem to ride up less often than Hanes and the like."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Works as advertised, comfortable, quick drying with minimal care.  The material is very stretchy so it moves with your body during activities.  They pack small and light so you can take a few with you during travel; although you won't need many as they are easy to handwash and quick to dry.One of my favorite items offered by Exofficio.Normally, I use the boxer briefs only for travel but am slowly working them into everyday rotation.  I just need to buy more.The only downsides are that colors limited and the boxer briefs can get expensive.  However, prices are known to drop from time to time so wait and get them when they are 45-50% off the $30 MSRP."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The idea is that you can take a couple pairs of these and wear one while you wash the other in a sink, minimizing the underwear you have to bring on a trip. The problem is that they don't feel that comfortable. There is little to not support, and they feel sort of scratchy on my skin. I always know they are there.Underwear doesn't take that much space so when packing it isn't a problem to take a few extra, and honestly my Under Armour does not wash inferiorly."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These underwear are absolutely the best!  I have tried a number of athletic boxer briefs, but these are my favorite.  They stay cool and dry in our hot AZ summers.  They breath well and don't turn into a swamp.  They are comfortable and fit great.  I have a 32\" waist and the small fits great.  The elastic does not roll like some of my Champion boxer briefs and there is minimal bunching or riding up.  I just wish they were a little cheaper, but they are worth it.  I buy a couple at a time until I can phase out my old boxer briefs.  Try a pair and you will never want to wear anything else."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I travel regularly for work and I now only take a couple pairs of these boxer briefs with me on trips. I've always enjoyed traveling light but socks and underwear can take up a surprising amount of room in a suitcase when you need to plan for more than a week or two. I can now comfortably get by with only two pairs of boxer briefs and a couple pairs of socks (drymax). This pair was purchased to add to my current supply but the original pairs have held up well and I have no complaints about them. If you follow the directions that come with the product, they dry incredibly quickly (a few hours at the most)."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just returned from a year-long trip that took me around the jungles and beaches of Papua New Guinea, and this product was part of my pack.  These things take the heat and humidity without a second thought and managed to keep me dry and fresh every day for an entire year.  The material wicks away sweat and keeps everything happy underneath.  They also look nice enough to show off in the bedroom.I had a friend join me in PNG for a few months, and he brought a few pairs of cotton boxer briefs.  A few days in, his swamp butt go so bad I finally loaned him two extra pairs I was saving just in case something happened to the ones I was wearing.  He was a convert by the time he left and went home and immediately bought several more pairs to wear back in the USA.  These things save lives, people.  Get a few pair for your next trip abroad.  Your junk will thank you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are, by far, the best underwear on the planet. They stretch and breathe better than anything Under Armour or Nike make. You can wash them in a sink, and they dry in a few hours. They are also very, very resistant to any odor accumulation.They are almost indestructible. I've had a couple of pairs for a few years, which I workout in every day. I stretch and squat with them, which normal cotton underwear just ripped after a couple of months. They are also more comfortable because they do stretch so easily.They're expensive, but they're worth it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "definitely the best underwear I have ever owned. I have tried soooooo many different styles and pairs. I have been hunting for the perfect fit, comfortable waist, something that doesn't ride up the back or the crotch, gives adequate cup support and is ventilated.  This might be the miracle undergarment.  Plus, they actually do dry quickly. I travel light and have actually washed them in the sink. By morning . . . . clean and dry! These have replaced my everyday wear. I don't wear these to the gym, as I prefer something with even more cup support, but for a light workout, these would be great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "While I can't comment on the washing/drying of this item because I strictly wash with regular laundry, I found myself disappointed on the support of the 'main compartment' with these.  They did get the leg support right, and I did not find that wearing these caused any ride ups throughout the day, but beyond that am not impressed.  I tried out the UA Boxerjock and it seems to be the opposite, where the central chamber provides great support but the legs ride up regularly.With that said, I can't recommend these because of the lack of support for the cost of the boxer briefs."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are great boxers, they dry quickly, are a nice color, look great and seem like they will last along time. I really appreciate the fact that they can dry super quick and that a travel overseas will not be hampered by too many undergarments. I deducted one star due to the fact that they are a bit abrasive. A bit... not in a really bad way, but when one is used to really soft and comforting cotton, these seem a little bit more unrefined... and couple that with the very high cost... I deduct one star. I would and will purchase more of these, they are super for travel."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "these fit great.  I am 5'6&#34; 180.  problem is i wore them 3 or 4 times and two random spots started to &#34;pill up&#34;  one spot on my right &#34;cheek&#34; and the other on my left thigh.  i wore them to a normal job for about 6 hours. normal dress pants.  Amazon sent me a new pair.  will update after a couple weeks of wear and see what happens with new ones.  I really want these to work out, they fit feel great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't see what the big fuss is about these. I gave these a try since I was sucked in by all these 5 star reviews and expected something mind-blowing. Sadly, I was dissapointed.  The elastic waistband is way too thick and stiff. I can feel it digging into my stomach and sides when I sit down. The legs do not have any elastic so the ride up and bunch. For the price these are not worth it. I would rather spend more money and get something more comfortable like Under Armour's boxers."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Received these briefs and they came as advertised.  They seem well constructed and fit real nice.  Very good fit and comfortable in comparison to the 100% cotton boxer briefs I now wear.  I like how light and breathable they are for sure.The big test happens next month on my Germany Journey.  I am only going to take the 4 with me for a 10 day trip.  I will hand wash every other day or so, what I need as I am only going to pack a carry on bag for the trip.  I am taking sports t's to wear under my polo shirts and will do the same, thus saving more room and weight.So far they look like they will do a good job.  If anything changes on the trip, I will update.  So far 5 star. But if they work as well as I think they will I might just say goodbye to the old cotton boxer briefs!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've got to say, I never thought as a jeans and work-shirt kind of a guy I'd get all excited about some new underwear, but here I am writing a glowing review!These are the best undershorts ever!I've been a Fruit-of-the-loom kind of a guy for 50 years.  Saw these as a lightning Deal and bought four pair.  Now these are my go-to shorts!  Spendy?  Yup, but worth every penny.  Fast washing and drying.  Can sink-wash them and hang them over the shower-rod and they will be completely dry by morning.  Super comfortable, great waistband.I like these so much, I've added them to my wishlist too!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are the most comfortable pair of boxer briefs I've ever worn.  I have a 30\" waist so I went with the medium, though I could have easily gone small.  Very roomy and appear to be durable.  I'm sure hand washing will extend the life twofold at the very least.  I'd also like to mention that ExOfficio's athletic clothing, shirts, these boxers, etc all dry in amazing time.  They will dry in less than a half hour indoors and around 5 minutes or less outside in warm weather- most likely less time in direct sunlight on a hot day."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought a few pairs of these several summers ago and thought they were amazing.  I think I had a total of 5 or 6 pairs, and wore them for hiking/camping etc, but also every-day use.They hold up great, wick awesomely, and I've seen very little to no wearing out from washing them, or even drying on high heat...although you can of course just air dry them in little to no time.Meanwhile, this past year I had a puppy who liked to get into my dirty clothes and eat them, and I was down to only 3 pairs left so I decided to order more!These are seriously the best underwear that you can buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "5'6 143 lbs, 30 in. waist.  Small fits well.  Not quite as much support as a brief but certainly acceptable.  Material is excellent at breathing/wicking and doesn't turn your backside into swamp### if you end up sweating a lot.I machine wash cold, gentle/delicate cycle, basic detergent, and then air dry.  You can wrap these in a towel or put them into the dryer on low heat+gentle if you need them asap.They seem to hold up well & I continually buy a few pairs at a time to pretend they don't cost much.  I won't go back to cotton."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Recently purchased this product, and I am satisfied withe the quality of this product. Here's a break down of the pros and cons. One of the best pairs of brief I own and I would say it's arguably better than most Calvin Klein briefs and other competitors.Pros:-Highly comfortable-Durable material-Material maintains it's consistency, shape, and tightness. Doesn't loosen after washing or change in any way.-Quick-drying-Length is perfect-Waist band is comfortable doesn't squeeze or irritate at all.-Smooth durable materialCons:- If there is any, you could argue the price for one pair is a bit high, that's for you to decide.Conclusion: I certainly recommend this product, it's just a very well made product. This product does stand out, it's not like the other products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Seriously, a review on underwear? But these really are worth it. I took three pair of these with me on an 800-mile walk of California's El Camino Real this Spring. While I did not attempt wearing them for multiple days without washing, they were extremely comfortable and the snug-but-not-tight legs seemed to prevent any chafing. Being nylon, they could be hand washed at night, rolled tightly in a towel and then left flat to dry overnight. These are now my standard choice instead of cotton boxers, which get damp and clammy in hot weather. These feel much better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Shoe tree is well shaped, wood quality is excellent, spring tension is just right for the size (my large size trees fit everything from 10-11.5), and fit and finish is great for the price. Bottom line? Spending an extra 20 bucks to keep your shoes looking and smelling good (and making them last longer) is a no brainer. Go for it, you'll be glad you did.I think this is a well-known tip but I'll throw it out there anyway; sand your trees once in a while to expose new cedar to make sure it continues to work like new."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Take care of it. I've never had a shoe tree before. It's awesome. As time passes my feet have gotten wider. This means my long time shoes need a little help ( I  have a bunion on one foot) for me to keep enjoying them. These Woodlore  Adjustable Shoe Trees seem to be made well, especially compared to a plastic counterpart. It makes cleaning and appreciating my shoes easier, plus the cedar helps shoes smell good.  I've already bought another shoe tree for a pair of lovely boots. Take care of your shoes so they take care of you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I must say this is the best shoe tree I've had. At a very good price point, this shoe tree does it job to maintain the shape of my leather shoe. The cedar fragrance leaves a pleasant hint of freshness in my shoe.Be sure to check the given shoe chart to make sure it fits your shoes well. I chose mine based on the chart and it does its job wonderfully. It fits snuggly; easy-on easy-off with the string loop to pull it out.I highly recommend this to keep your leather shoes up in shape."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I use these in my cowboy boots and they have done a wonderful job of keeping the toes from curling up with infrequent use. All of my boots are exotics and require dressing to be applied quite frequently. With these in place the task becomes a joy instead of a chore. I am going to buy many more pairs! By the way they fit perfectly and are very easy to put in or take out. I use my boot jack hooks to remove them as my arthritic fingers are no longer up to the task."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am 8 1/2 D, and I got the medium size. It fits well. There is a size chart printed on the box, that doesn't correspond to any of the charts on Woodlore's web site. However, I found a chart in the description for the Allen Edmunds shoe tree that is the same as the one on my box (AE makes Woodlore shoe trees). You can find it here:http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/shoes/email/MensCombinationShoeTree.gifIf you have a narrow or wide shoe, it's a lot more accurate.This is a great shoe tree at a great price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these trees and thought they were great at first, They function and fit my size 11-13 shoes and boots perfectly, and they're very easy to use.The only problem is the lack of cedar smell. I ordered FootFitter shoe trees a couple of weeks after these, and the FootFitters are just better all around. The pull-cord feels more sturdy, and the function seems easier, but most importantly, the foot fitters SMELL like cedar.There is a night-and-day difference between the two in terms of smell. So if you're looking for true cedar shoe trees that absorb moisture and leaves your shoes smelling fresh, go for the less-popular FootFitters for the same price (the FootFitters were actually cheaper than the Woodlores when I ordered the second time around/)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these to help widen some of my shoes while also helping to pull out moisture (as cedar does).  Only problem is I missed the part that says these are MENS.  I thought the M in the sizing stood for Medium Width.  Wasn't written anywhere in the description either.Furthermore, how you're suppose to adjust these to widen them, even if I needed these for men's shoes?  I played with them for awhile, since I figured I would try to make them work in my sneakers.  But for the life of me couldn't figure out how to use them properly.  Maybe I'm just slow or inpatient or both.  But I couldn't figure it out.Shame, since they look great and the quality of the cedar was fantastic.  Thankfully amazon is great & I didn't have any problems returning them."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A clasically-styled and introverted album, Memory of Trees is a masterpiece of subtlety.  Many of the songs have an endearing shyness to them - soft piano and a lovely, quiet voice.  But within every introvert is an inferno, and Enya lets that fire explode on a couple of songs that absolutely burst with an expected raw power.If you've never heard Enya before, you might want to start with one of her more popularized works, like Watermark, just to play it safe.  But if you're already a fan, then your collection is not complete without this beautiful work of musical art."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the third review of an irish album I write today (the others were Cranberries) and now I'm sure about that Ireland is one of the countries producing the best music in the world. And not just commercial pop-music in the Spice Girls way. Okay, I just wanted to say something about Irish  music. Now let's say something about this album. It's great. it's  beautiful. Very good, easy listened music. If you like Enya or you just  want some easy-listened relaxing music. This is the album for you to buy!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively \"Anywhere Is\", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, \"China Roses\" is the most delicately crafted song. However, \"Once You Had Gold\" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. \"On My Way Home\" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Enya is in a class all by herself.  She envokes feelings and images that take you out of reality.  So many others have copied her sound (ala James Horner in TITANIC) that it's easy to see how much of an influence she has been.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a classic album.  From the emotional first track instrumental to the enchanting &quot;On My Way Home&quot;, Enya has created a pallete of wonderful pastimes and tragic metaphores here.  Yes, I would consider this pop/new age music.  And there's nothing wrong with that.  There are a number of people that don't like Enya.  There are jokes on South Park about her.  And that's good.  It shows how much of a musical force she is.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a good collection of material from a very important artist, who I hope will never give up her love of music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This,is the type(and caliber)of album that is(sadly)missing,from todays(pathetic)music scene!!\"Foolin'Around\"became an INSTANT classic,\"Good Thing\"is a painfully TRUE,song,and \"All is not gone\"is a beautiful,HOPE-instilling track!! The entire,album is good,but these three songs,are the CREAM of the crop!! I miss,the days,when women,such as these,were APPRECIATED,for creating thought-provoking beautifully sung ballads,INSTEAD of being lauded,for marketing,sex-appeal!! Oh,well,I can always pop this \"gem\"into my player,whenever,I'm craving quality musical offerings!!As it is,I'm going to be playing the surfacing,OFF,of this disc,in the following weeks!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In high school \"Stroke You Up\" was the jam, so I went downtown and bought the cassette. Let me tell you something: It took me 2 days to listen to it because it was utterly boring. Even \"Stroke You Up\" became unbearable to listen to. No funk, no groove- just lukewarm soul. That was the first *and* the last time I listened to \"Changing Faces.\" The two chicks who made up \"Changing Faces\" had airy, monotonous vocals- no edge to their voices at all. Even the album cover looked boring. These chicks had no style or any type of pizzazz at all. Skip this at all costs and get Zhane."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album was released during an era where slow jams were in and giving up-tempo R&B flavor a try was also in. Like many of their counterparts during that time, the pretty ladies of Changing Faces needed to realize their strength in ballads and avoided trying any up-tempo material. However, there are a couple of good tunes on this album, particularly the slow jam, \"All Is Not Gone\", where sorrow and regret serves as a theme for a song that was definitely written with the intent of winning over ones with heartbreaks in their history. R. Kelly-produced hit \"Stroke You Up\" was a radio smash, but the lyrics weren't exactly poetic or articulate. But, it's still a popular track that may bring back some old school nostalgia for some of you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The band's first album remains, in my eyes, the best - the songwriting and production are top-notch, and although the lyrics are typically oblique (&quot;You get the diplomatic treatment/You get the force-fed  future&quot;), the songs are performed and sung with such skill that you  tend not to notice.  An excellent combination of various styles -  post-punk, new wave, power pop - it says a lot that both classic rock radio  and alternative radio lay claim to the Cars.  My favorites are &quot;Bye  Bye Love&quot;, &quot;Just What I Needed&quot; and &quot;All Mixed  Up&quot;, but even songs I didn't particularly like (&quot;I'm in Touch  With Your World&quot;) have grown on me.  An excellent recording for any  pop or rock fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Many bands have a long time to perfect the songs for their first album resulting in a solid debut. This may be the case for The Cars (although Candy-O is great too). This album contains classic songs like Just What I Needed, You're All I've Got Tonight, Bye Bye Love, and Moving In Stereo. It's a crime that this band never got the credit they deserved. They created catchy, sometimes quirky, rock songs with a good balance between rockin guitar and cool keyboards. Elliot Easton's guitar playing is superb as he always plays for the song and not just to show-off. The vocal phrasing of Ric Ocasek and Ben Orr (rest in peace) is excellent (even if I didn't always understand the lyrics). A classic album that must never be forgotten!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I originally had the Cars debut on 8track twenty something years ago--The tape pulled out (remember how 8 tracks did that?) so I bought the record album--after playing it soooo many times I was able to see through it--I  went and bought the cassette--needless to say--I wore it out too. I now  have the CD and am trying my hardest to wear it out. The format may wear  out but great tunes never die--I must have listened to the Cars debut album  over a thousand times--it's still great. A classic among classics."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There are certain recordings that become part of the audio landscape.  This was one of them.  If ever there was a band that defined Americana in the '80s, it was The Cars.  And like so many or our aging and posthemous heroes, they passed into lore.I think the most enduring test of the greatness of this record is to play against what's spinning these days and it will still sound as fresh as the day as these Boston boys cranked it out....don't ya stop, don't ya stop!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What can I say about the Cars first album. The Cars debut album has to be one of the most impressive albums that I have ever heard. Why can't bands make albums this great anymore? Three big hit singles \"Good Times Roll\",\"Just What I Needed\", and \"My Bestfriend's Girl\". As well as \"Bye, Bye Love\", \"Moving in Stereo\", and \"YOu're All I've Got Tonight\" that each get a lot of radio play as well. This is one of those rare albums that is great from start to finish, no filler here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Cars was one of the most original bands to come out of the late 70s/early 80s, a band that helped set the yardstick for New Wave. This was their first album, coming out in 1978, and is in my humble opinion to be the best album that the band cut. Just about all of its tracks are great, and not just the hits \"Just What I Needed,\" \"My Best Friend's Girl\" and \"Good Times Roll.\"If you are a fan of New Wave music, then you will love this album. Heck, even if is just that you fondly remember the music of the late 70s/early 80s, then you will love this album, too. Do yourself a favor, and buy this album!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the cars released this great record back in 1978.shortly after it,s release it was all over the airwaves.this album is in my opinion another one of the finest debut albums in rock ever!!there are so many great songs on this album it may well be the cars quintessential album. ric ocasek ;rythm guitarist and chief song writer for the cars was in top form on this album.for me the best cuts are[and there are many!]you,re all i,ve got tonight,good times roll,bye,bye,love,moving in stereo,just what i needed,my best friend,s girl,all mixed up and don,t cha stop.i realize i have just named most of the tunes on this album but i think this album is a must for any cars fan new or old!i also love the cover that chick with the sexy red lips!!this album and their second album candy o from 1979 are two of the best albums the cars ever did!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Cars' self-titled debut album, which introduced the band's unique blend of the Velvet Underground, the Steve Miller Band, and Roxy Music, is their most balanced album as far as vocals are concerned, with lead vocals about equally split between Ben Orr (R.I.P.) and Ric Ocasek. Orr's vocals are more melodic than Ocasek's, as the latter seems to have some vocal tics that can be annoying at times. This wasn't a problem on the first two albums or HEARTBEAT CITY, as these records have enough hooks to compensate for any vocal shortcomings that the bandmembers might have had, but it was a severe issue on PANORAMA. If you're hoping for a Cars reunion, sadly, it will never happen; bassist/vocalist Ben Orr died of pancreatic cancer in 2000."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You know,even with classic radio hits like &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;,&quot;God Only Knows&quot; and &quot;Sloop John B&quot; I just can't putThe Beach Boys &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; into my CD player and not listen tothe entire album in one sitting!I'd be missing out on my favoritesongs like &quot;Don't Talk&quot;,&quot;Let's Go Away For Awile&quot;,&quot;Caroline No&quot;,&quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot;...I can go on and on,really!This has less weak cuts then The Beatles &quot;Sgt.Pepper&quot; and thatonly had ONE mildly weak song if that tells you anything.Okay-order this NOW!It will brighten your day!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album was originally released on and is still distributed by Capitol Records. Capitol's original catalog number is DT 2458 for the stereo LP and T 2458 for the mono LP. The stereo copies were \"duophonic\",meaning they could only be played on stereo phonographs for maximum sound quality. But then again,you'd get good quality sound if you played a duophonic copy on a monaural phonograph. Stereo LP copies of THE BEST OF THE BEACH BOYS were \"duophonic\" also. Hits from this album include SLOOP JOHN B.,GOD ONLY KNOWS and WOULDN'T IT BE NICE?. This album was a best-seller when it was released in 1966. The Beach Boys were still in their teen idol phase then as was their Capitol labelmates,The Beatles and Peter & Gordon. Also then,Brian Wilson began to have problems with drugs. He'd remain with the band in the studio but turned his duties on the stage to Bruce Johnston. All the other songs are good."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You don't need a rocket scientist to inform you that The Beach Boys' 1966 album \"Pet Sounds\" is one of the Top 10 greatest albums ever made. Not much is left to say that hasn't already been said about the album. Song for song, the record is pure perfection. From the youthful abandonment of \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\" to the dramatism present on \"Sloop John B.\" to the heartugging \"God Only Knows\" (voted the greatest love song of all time) to the poignancy of \"I Just Wasn't Made For These Times\" to the chilling \"Caroline No\", there is not one clunker on the whole cd.This newly remastered edition features the entire album in both stereo and mono. In both forms, the album sounds absolutely fantastic. There ies also an excellent booklet filled with some great essays and rare pcitures. Definitey a must have album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am very disapointed! After looking for this album for 10 years, at least I bought it and ... masterpiece?C'mon people! I have around 2000 Rock albums in my collection and I would never placed this not even between the top 100.How could anyone say that Rubber Soul or Revolver are under Pet Sounds? Any 60's Rolling Stone album is one hundred times better. And something else, if this is the sound that shape the American pop music, I might be wrong, but ... where is Jimi Hendrix, Muddy Waters, Miles Davis, etc? Those are really masters of American music, not The Beach Boys.I can't give to this album more than half star."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What is the big deal? Wouldn't it be nice and Caroline no are great songs. There's 3 more good songs and a nice instrumental and the rest is filler. Sure, its great for a Beach Boys album but in the great universe of music this is just a really good pop album.I suppose if I'd never heard jazz or classical music I too would think that Brian's use of vibraphone and glockenspiel was some sign of genius. And if I'd never heard the Platters, the Lettermen or Manhattan Transfer I too would think that the Beach Boys were a great vocal band. Brian brought a good sense of vocal and instrumental arrangement together with some good material to create a pop record that had more depth than most at the time of its release. Just keeping it real."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Beach Boys' \"Pet Sounds\" is the best sunshine pop (let alone 60's pop) album EVER recorded. This album is SO original and SO cheerful that you can't help but love it. The most well-known songs on here are the hits \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\", \"Sloop John B.\", \"God Only Knows\" and \"Caroline No\", but the other tracks are just as good and interesting. The Beach Boys are famous for their harmonies and vocals, and this album does not disappoint. The musicianship is definitely 60's, but the audio quality and the instrumentation is perfect. Another great thing about this album is how quotable and interesting the lyrics are - they're some of the best ever written! You'll absolutely love singing along to songs like \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\"! Fans of every genre will love this album (you'd be hardpressed not to), as this is an instant classic. Buy it now!Highlights include:the entire album"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am not a Beach Boys fan.I consider this one of the 4 or 5 greatest albums of all time.The trouble with this album is that it constantly points out the musical genius--and I do mean genius--Brian Wilson was, and leaves you wondering how he could have plummeted to the depths that would hit him within just a few months of PET SOUNDS.As much as I love &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; and &quot;Sloop John B,&quot; they seem second tier when heard in the context of this album.  &quot;I'm Waiting For The Day,&quot; &quot;Here Today,&quot; &quot;God Only Knows,&quot; and &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot; are all first rate Pop.PET SOUNDS also has what I consider to be the greatest Beach Boys track, &quot;Caroline No.&quot;  It is a perfect recording of a heartbreaking lyric."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I collect Beach Boys & this is just another example of the best album The Beach Boys ever put to wax. After they released the CD the first time it contained the mono/stereo versions (which I prefer the mono) with a bonus track. Then a box set devoted to the album. Now they release it like the single CD but, with a DVD to further cement this album as one of the best ever released. I highly recommend this one if your looking to check out what the fuss is all about. Search \"Judemac Forever\" on msn."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album was made at the same time as Sgt. Pepper and was a unique because it has mono or stereo versions of the songs on the album with different types of songs. Pet Sounds is like Sgt. Pepper except that the Beatles had more unique albums and on most of the songs, the Beach Boys sound like themselves instead of Beatles albums where the Beatles sound different on different songs. Classic Beach Boys songs on here include \"God Only Knows\" \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\" \"Sloop John B\" \"Caroline No.\" to name a few. Another bonus track \"Hang on to your Ego\" is great as well. This is a must for any Beach Boys fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's true this is one of the best albums of all time. I'm not sure if I'd call it the second best album ever (Rolling Stone), but it is amazing. Even though &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; as a whole is great, it's the hits that really stand-out, which include &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;, &quot;Sloop John B&quot;, and &quot;God Only Knows&quot;. But I also really like &quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot; and &quot;Caroline No&quot;. Other than being a classic among classics, this disc also includes the bonus track &quot;Hang On To Your Ego&quot;, and the entire album is repeated in stereo on tracks 15-27. For all these reasons I highly recommend getting &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;. At least you should see what all the fuss is about."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Beach Boys/ Pet Sounds (The complete Albums in Stereo & Mono):  This is a beautiful and absolutely classic album.  This particular single CD version of it gives us both the Mono and Stereo mixes.  Both are great.  I originally did not want to buy a bunch of individual albums by the Beach Boys.  I wanting instead a good compilation but, having been disappointed with the five-disk history set, I turned to the original albums.  I had the old LP of Pet Sounds many years ago and this CD is a revelation of brilliance and clarity.  I could not be happier with this CD, and am glad that I was not forced to buy the multi-disk Pet Sounds Sessions in order to own the album.  Highly Recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "PET SOUNDS is without a doubt a wonderful collection of beautiful harmonies and melodies. Each song is an incredibly well-crafted set piece, individual masterpieces when heard separately. The problem is when they are put together in this package, there is a sameness to the songs. Found in the heart of each song is a gentle, haunting melody without an edge. The songs move seamlessly from one to another and this actually works to their disadvantage; they just are not different enough from each other to be fully appreciated in this setting. Unlike SMILE, where Wilson is able to constantly surprise and amaze, PET SOUNDS is a pleasent and sweet series of songs, I enjoy them but they create a sense of comfort rather than amazement."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is universally regarded as the Beach Boys' masterpiece, and who am I to disagree?  You might say that this was the band's peak, but I would say that they actually peaked with the \"Good Vibrations\" single after this.  But Pet Sounds is certainly their peak from an album standpoint.  This album always ranks among the top ten albums of all time in any survey of critics, and rightly so.  If you can't appreciate how great this album is, I feel sorry for you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the truly hyped albums of all time that lives up to the lavish praise heaped upon it. Brian Wilson was a 23-year-old who was struggling to express himself in new aural forms, and made this masterwork. Somewhat surprisingly, it flopped. The liner notes detail the reasons: kitsch cover (no doubt), automatic dislike of anything &quot;Beach Boys&quot; by those that would have liked it the most - hippies. It also paints Brian in a glowing light as working alone, without a songwriting partner like the Lennon/McCartney team, or without a guiding producer like George Martin. That he was such a young man working alone, against the advice of his manager, and created such a beautiful album is truly a testament to his musical genius. The songs speak for themselves, and everyone should know them by heart."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I get something different out of this CD every time I hear it -- for me, the mark of an outstanding record.When something new STILL pops out of the speakers after three years of listening.....well, I know I'm hearing one of the all-time greats.I get the most out of PET SOUNDS on headphones.  Take a walk on the beach at dusk with this CD at medium volume, so you can hear the music interspersed with the crash of the surf and the cries of seagulls.  The music fits right in.  Brian Wilson absolutely captures the outdoor beauty of Southern California in 13 heavenly songs.I won't get into the SGT. PEPPER - PET SOUNDS debate.  They're both masterpieces.  Let's just say both bands pushed each other to new levels of aural beauty -- a &quot;race&quot; that ultimately drove Wilson into seclusion.  One of pop music's finest."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this CD back in August and I have only listened to it once(when I needed music to fall asleep to when there was nothing on the radio). I have heard that this CD is &quot;depressing&quot;, but when I heard it, I found  nothing depressing about. Maybe it was because I wasn't concentrating fully  on it, but I wasn't impressed. Maybe if I looked at the lyrics(if I could  find them) and found the true meaning of the songs I would like it better.  Maybe when I listen to it again, I'll give it a better review."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Realesed in 1966 Pet Sounds by The Beach Boys is loved by critics and well anyone who likes the Beach Boys. Pet Sounds is one of those albums that are just not able to created ever again. By this time Brian Wilson who had suffered a nervous breakdown while on tour with The Beach Boys now remains in the studio writing and recording new material. Pet Sounds shows the bands growth from there humble beginnings to more complex songs and much more greater album compared too there earlier ones... Highly influentail album that has even influenced the Sgt. Peppers. Such classics as, \"Sloop John B\", and \"God Only Knows\", remain classic songs too this day. Albums like this come around once in a lifetime. Pet Sounds is a pop, rock, and psychedelic album and explored Brian Wilson's exploration of the drug LSD. So what are you wating for the only Beach Boys album you will ever need buy Pet Sounds todayYou wont be dissapointed"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There is nothing that I can say about this album that hasn't already been said.. But I would like to express my profound moment of discovery when I first listened to it.. I had the preconception that the Beach boys were just a bunch of dumb surfers.. My musical tastes leaned towards jazz, classical, and more progressive rock.. But I kept on seeing this album on lists of the greatest albums of all time so.. I gave it a try. I wasn't prepared for the beauty of this perfect musical mixture of sounds and moods.. It was clearly a very personal record that expressed many feelings I had at the time.. the production is brilliant.. being a big fan of the beatles I immediately heard simmilarities between George Martinand Sgnt Pepper and how they must have been influenced by this record.. This is not surfer music - it is much more.."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I guess that by now saying that you love music and not be fond of \"Pet Sounds\" is almost a paradox since Brian Wilson's skywritten testament embodies everything that's good about pop music:excellent tunes,lyrics,vocal harmonies and even some flourishes to add a wonderful,dreamy and lush feel to it all.\"You still believe in me\",\"God only knows\" and \"I know there's an answer\" are certainly among my favorite songs and added proof that good music towers through the decades without losing a trace of its greatness-\"Forever Changes\",\"Odessey and Oracle\" and \"Pet Sounds\"will always be great,come what may."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What can I say? A pop masterpiece, especially if you sequence &#34;Wouldn't it Be Nice&#34;, &#34;Don't Talk&#34;, &#34;Let's Go Away for a While&#34;, &#34;God Only Knows&#34;, &#34;I Just Wasn't Made for These Times&#34;, &#34;Pet Sounds&#34;, and &#34;Caroline, No&#34;. I would compare &#34;Caroline, No&#34; in particular to Bacharach's and David's and Warwick's &#34;Anyone Who Had a Heart&#34;: as good as the genre gets."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The merits of this album need not be discussed here. Pet Sounds has been widely regarded as a pop classic for over forty years and its popularity shows no sign of letting up. What does need addressing, however, is the sound Capitol has achieved in rendering this recording in Mono on CD.The remastering game that has been going on for the past decade has yielded mixed results. Record companies promising superior sound have come up short more than half the time when it comes to reissuing classics. Lucky for us, that's hardly the case with this reissue of the Beach Boys' finest hour.Pet Sounds in Mono is what every fan hopes for when plunking down hard earned cash for an album he already owns. The sound is incredibly warm with every instrument coming through distinctly. The harmonies coalesce in a way you simply don't hear on a stereo mix. And the immediacy is impressive."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "By far the best Beach Boys album (and the best Brian Wilson album, along with the recently unearthed treasure \"Smile\"). The harmonies and lyrics in the songs are perfect, and remain timeless no matter how many times you listen to it or how many years have passed since this masterpeice first hit the shelves. It wasn't a big hit in the States, mostly due to the fact nobody was ready for it. It's such a well-organized and cohesive work, much unlike what people were used to the Beach Boys putting out at the time. They decided to be something more than just a surf band, or a catchy and trendy pop band, something which nobody gave them credit for. Compare \"God Only Knows\" to \"409\" or \"Surfin' Safari\", and you shall understand what I mean. The melodies are perfect, and blend greatly with the vocals. This is a rare album without a single track to be skipped. If you haven't caught on yet, freaking buy this!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a masterpiece. I won't get into the Sgt. Peppers or Rubber Soul vs. Pet Sounds. I let this classic stand on its own. Brian Wilson stretched his wings on this one and the band followed. It is, at times, a little  uneven, but the music stands up. &quot;Wouldn't it be Nice&quot; and  &quot;God Only Knows&quot; are the deserved hits, but don't push aside the  other not-so-popular titles like &quot;I Just Wasn't Made for These  Times,&quot; &quot;I Know There's an Answer&quot; and probably the most  underrated Beach Boys song of all time, &quot;Caroline No.&quot; A truly  introspective album. It's deserving of the classic label. Truly a fantastic  album. The Beach Boys showed they could do more than just surf and drag."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is possibly one of my favourite albums - period. The melodies beautiful, the harmony, arrangements.etc were well beyond their time. For a record released in 1966, it sounds amazing on CD. A far superior album to either Sgt. Pepper's and a bit better than Rubber Soul, there are only a couple of songs I don't really like. A tiny gripe I have with the album the melodies on songs such as Do you still believe me are a bit repetitive. Although nonetheless very good. Btw the song 'God Only Knows' is often cited as the album's best but personally I would rank it about 3rd or 4th on the album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I like the Beach Boys, but I have to admit that I prefer their earlier California style hits (e.g., Fun, Fun, Fun) and I'm not a big fan of 60s music.  Nevertheless, \"Pet Sounds\" is undeniably a beautiful CD that still sounds great today.  \"Sloop John B\" and \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\" were top 10 hits in the US and \"God Only Knows\" and \"Caroline, No\" cracked the top 40, but all the songds sound great.  Brian Wilson's voice has never sounded more beautiful and the harmonies are near-perfect.  As a bonus, \"Hang on to Your Ego\" is included (it was recorded at the same time, but not released).  It's a great song and may be familiar to alt rock fans via a remake by Frank Black.  The liner notes are also terrific and include comments from Brian Wilson as well as a song by song description.  Great CD!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Just lay back and listen. Brian Wilson never misses a note. His voice was one of the natural wonders of sixties pop. His composing and arranging skills are without peer and he even plays some awesome bass (the slow middle eight section on &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;)on this album. These songs are the sound of former teen idols settling into adulthood and feeling  both excited and uncertain. Recorded with a large selection of musicians and sung heartbreakingly well by the Beach Boys themselves, this is a true pop magnum opus. The best tracks are the gorgeous &quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot;, &quot;Don't Talk (Put Your Head On My Shoulder&quot;), the title cut, and the tear inducing &quot;Caroline No&quot;. Instead of trapping you outside his pain and insecurity, Brian Wilson invites you into his world and lays his soul bare with a suite of songs that haven't aged a day since 1966. The more you listen to &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, the more it's beauty envelopes you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I first heard this album in the mid-1980s when I was running a used record store in Florida. I didn't know samba from Sambo, and had only a vague idea of who Stan Getz and Charlie Byrd were at the time, but after playing the LP a few times I was hooked. This music was unlike anything else I was listening to at the time (classic rock, alternative rock, vintage soul, etc.) but it really struck a chord. Irresistable and magical tunes, the kind that truly evoked a unique mood and atmosphere. I played the record to death and have done likewise with my old CD copy. This music just never gets \"old\" or boring. A classic in the truest sense of the word. You don't have to be a jazz fan to enjoy this, just let the music play and let it soak into your consciousness. Laid back and lovely."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the album that kicked off the bossa nova craze in the US over 40 years ago.  In the hands of lesser musicians this style could degenerate into lightweight cocktail music, but not here.  Stan Getz's feathery, soft saxophone playing weaves beautiful melodies over the swaying, dancing Brazilian rhythms.  Charlie Byrd's is terrific on the acoustic guitar and the tunes will get stuck in your head after 3 spins or less.  The only possible complaint is the short playing time -- a mere 35 minutes.This recording isn't as well-known as Getz/Gilberto but is just as essential.  If you like Getz's playing, be sure to get some of his other, non-bossa-nova recordings as well.  (One more caveat: those looking for more vocals by Astrud or Joao Gilberto will be disappointed -- this CD is entirely instrumental.)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Jazz Samba&quot; is such a great album that only one other bossa nova album exceeds its quality- &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot;.  Getz and Byrd, jazz musicians, not only introduce Brazilian bossa nova to a larger audience, but do so in a way that is timeless.Many of the compositions here have become classics of our culture, &quot;Desifinda&quot;, &quot;Samba de Uma Nota S&oacute;&quot; and &quot;O Pato&quot;.  Don't worry if you don't recognize the titles, once you hear them you recognize the music.If you have &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot; than &quot;Jazz Samba&quot; won't disappoint.  This is great music that belongs in everyone's collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you just stumbled across this album and gave it a listen, you might be forgiven for thinking that it's a greatest hits CD. At this point, AK already had a couple of albums under her belt, and it shows. The music is straight bluegrass and country, you won't find any of the later pop infusions (which is fine music itself!), and the song selection is first rate. The instrumentalists are in fine form, and her voice still has most of that thin,reedy quality that you associate with bluegrass. But if you listen, it's just beginning to warm up some and lose that young-girl quality ...So if you're already an AKUS fan, you can scoop this one up and enjoy every lick! And if not, this is as good a place as any to test the waters."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I listen to a wide variety of music, and I think that Alison Krauss has the most beautiful voice in all of today's music.  The pop acts of today can't compare.  &quot;I've Got That Old Feeling&quot; has 12 exceptional songs from bluegrass to country including the title song, &quot;It's Over&quot;, and &quot;Wish I Still Had You&quot;.  Not only can Krauss sing, she plays the violin to perfection.  If you haven't listened to Alison Krauss yet, you are in for a treat!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've had this CD a long time and it's still very enjoyable especially when you're in the right mood. My favorite songs are mostly the kind of wistful ballads where Alison's voice works great. My favorite songs here are \"I've Got That Old Feeling\", \"I Wish I Still Had You\", \"Winter of a Broken Heart\", \"It's Over\", \"Steel Rails\", \"That Makes One of Us\". Well that's half the album right there, and the other songs are good too. The production isn't as clear as more recent stuff, but the musicians are top notch. In the end some albums stick with you more than others, and this one stands out as a keeper."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Since her Rounder debut in 1987, Alison Krauss has been praised by critics and country music fans alike. Revitalizing traditional styles of country music including bluegrass, the singer and fiddler is the focus of much public attention. Her unique, yet firmly-rooted approach to country music has won her several Grammys. Her 1995 release, NOW THAT I'VE FOUND YOU, showcases her ability to shine in a variety of settings. The title track and &quot;Broadway&quot; find Krauss in a more pop country environment; however even her pop music is unique in its smart harmonic structure, and her ability to avoid pat or stock poetic devices. On &quot;Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too,&quot; Krauss and Union Station (her almost constant musical companions) switch to a decidedly bluegrass feel, and on &quot;When God Dips His Pen of Love In My Heart,&quot; she plunges into a Southern gospel style with help from the Cox Family. Alison Krauss has the remarkable ability to make these diverse musical directions seem logical and congruent."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was the very first cd that we bought when we first got a cd player back in 1995. I loved it then and love it today. It remains a firm favourite. As well as some of her best songs culled from previous albums, this album includes 3 previously unreleased songs. A great mix of country and bluegrass, this is the best from Alison Krauss, along with Union Station, and the Cox Family, from 1987 to 1994. The booklet includes some cute photos of Alison and her brother as children, but unfortunately, no lyrics. But it does have a 2 page newspaper article from 1994 which is interesting. If you only get one Alison Krauss album, then this is the one you need. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've long been a fan of Alison Krauss and her band, Union Station.  Their brand of contemporary bluegrass is unique and captivating.  This album is their best work to date. Superb quality throughout, including the  instrumentals. The title track is irresistable, and &quot;There is a  Reason&quot; is rapturous. Impeccable musicianship and superb recording,  along with Krauss's unique vocal style and virtuoso fiddle playing combine  to make this CD a must-have for fans of bluegrass. In a word, masterful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The other reviewers here who gave this CD three stars have valid points, and I suggest reading them before buying this. The vocals are a bit low-volume, the songs in general are a bit melancholy, and the styles kinda melting pot. Yet Ms. Krauss does have a voice of distinction and her bandmates are skilled musicians (not so much vocally, for my taste.) I haven't owned many Krauss recordings, so I can't say this is better or worse than her other releases. If you like bluegrass/contemporary country sounds, and find this at a bargain price, pick it up."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I heard Love at the Five and Dime on the radio (WWUH) one rainy morning in 1986 on my way to work in Hartford.  Nanci's fresh and honest sound was literally music to ears accustomed to machine-like synth-based 80's rock.  I immediately went over to Integrity 'n Music in Wethersfield and picked up a copy (in vinyl of course).  That cut plus Last of the True Believers and More than a Whisper proved riveting and honest.A few weeks later, in full fanship, I caught Nanci alone with her guitar (and the resident reptiles) at Roaring Brook Nature Center singing many of these same songs.  Later, her divorce and political stridency soured her music and furrowed her brow.  Her subsequent work was packed with beauty but she never again scaled these peaks of pure simplicity and romance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a great album. Trust me. And what no one seems to remember is that these guys are Grammy Winners - yes, GRAMMY WINNERS -  for Best Instrumental of the Year for the fantastic D.N.A. from this, their debut album. This is a classic example of a band whose image was so strong ( who can forget THAT HAIR !! ) that it often overshadowed their talent ( another fine example is Culture Club ). Unfortunately, it was all downhill from here, as their popularity ( not to mention their creativity and their stability ) quickly waned. Very upbeat, energetic dance pop-rock, with just enough synths and effects to make it stand out in the crowd. My advice : skip the many \"best of\" compilations and go straight to this one. And when you get ridiculed for playing it, just like you did in high school ( you know who you are... ) do the Flock proud and  wear that freak badge with honor."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Call the lyrics dumb all you want, they are more interesting than 1,000 bands trying to search their lost soul.  News Flash:  There is no such thing as a soul.  Keep looking for love and UFO's and let us know your fascination with modern life.  I love the guitar sound and the hooks make your albums the best.  This and #2 are the classics.  What happened to make you so dull after that.  \"Remember David\" was one of your best songs and \"Suicide Day\" was good, but the rest of the third album, even the tile track was boring.  Two classics ain't bad.  Get this one right away."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "KRS seemed more focused than ever here. During the making of this album, Scott La Rock, DJ and Producer of BDP was shot and killed. During the making of \"My Philosophy\" in fact...which in my opinion is when Kris started showing his true colors. It was positive and negative, educational and entertaining..which had become the mantra of KRS ever since. On this album he tells you that Illegal Business controls America. He tells you how sometimes love is gonna get you. On this album you learn what the \"word\" \"Unrational\" means."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Many have heard of the passing of DJ Scott La Rock but somehow, his sidekick KRS-One manage to still hold it down and still bring out another classic album under the name of BDP. Following Criminal Minded with 10 tracks of highly concentrated molecules in the form of By All Means Necessary, KRS still kept his rhymes as fresh as they could get. From My Philosophy to Necessary, the record introduced KRS-One as the peaceful Teacher and foreshadowing his gift for contradiction. The album cover may be very familiar to the famous shoot of Malcolm-X with a gun in his hand but songs like Illegal Business, Jimmy and Stop the Violence dropped science on drugs, sex and violence. With such a powerful voice and untouchable lyrics, KRS-One made us all believe his boasts that BDP would be here forever.Best moments= My Philosophy, Ya Slippin' and Jimmy"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It would be easy to assume, as many people probably did, that after the death of long time partner Scott LaRock KRS-One would fall off. However he gave all those critics a fat smack in the face with the release of By All Means Necessary. Although it's not QUITE as great as Criminal Minded (few are), it is definetly a worthy album and is an example of some of the best rap to come out of the Bronx. \"My Philosophy\", the semi-sequel to the first track on Criminal Minded \"Poetry\" (a great track) surpasses its predecessor which is not an easy feat, and is arguably the best hip hop song of all time. Add 9 other great tracks and I'd say you have an essential album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "By All Means Necessary showcases KRS-ONE at his best. He is definitely one  of the greatest MC's of all-time, and the material here should tell you  why. &quot;My Philosophy&quot; is one of my favorite hip-hop songs of  all-time. KRS talks about the state of hip-hop, the past of BDP, and their  future. On tracks like &quot;Illegal Business&quot;, &quot;Stop The  Violence&quot;, and the spoken word track &quot;Necessary&quot;, KRS speaks  about political issues while he displays his MCing skills on the classic  &quot;I'm Still #1&quot;. And Kris takes the Jungle Brother's  &quot;Jimbrowski&quot; one step further on &quot;Jimmy&quot;. From start to  finish, By All Means Necessary is a great album. If you are a hip-hop fan,  you must own this."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is why I still listen to KRS-1 today!  If I saw this CD in the stores, I would get it.  Lots of intelligent and conscious lyrics and he doesn't hold back. I like &quot;Stop the Violence&quot; and its rumbling sound.  I still like &quot;My Philosophy&quot;, &quot;I'm Still #1&quot;, &quot;Jimmy&quot; and many others.  But I like on &quot;Illegal Business&quot; where they sample some music that I remembered hearing on Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids, Bill Cosby's show.  He mentions his friend Scott La Rock many times over the album.  This is his best effort to me. While I like his later ones, this is the best!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Krs-One is another one of those MCs, on a SHORT list of them, whose second album COMPLETELY took the first. By All Means Necessary was EXCELLENT, as he, just like Public Enemy did in 88, brought a conscious and more political state of awareness to hip hop. This album represents Krs in his true form, and it shows on EVERY song. Here's the review:Album Highlights: EVERY song is worth a listen.Production: Thumbs up.Lyrics and Subject Mattere: Thumbs up. Other than Public Enemy, who else was coming this political in 88?Originality: Thumbs up.The Last Word: This was a great moment for hip hop music. Krs-One came back in 88 for this second album and he didn't disappoint. If hip hop was still like this today, it would be so much better. One can only hope. Overall, I strongly recommend this album to any fan of hip hop, if you're into politically charged hip hop."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've been wanting this album and I finally got it! I understand that too short says inappropriate lyrics in this record, but this is for entertainment for grown ups, not appropriate for kids though. When I first heard the single Freaky Tales in appearance in the movie The Wood, I was hit when I heard that song. It appears when the blood gang are crushing and smoking. I wanted to know who was the artist to the song and I finally found out and I wanted to get this album and I finally got!Warning: Not Appropriate For Kids!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is $hort's first album.  This is where he defines himself as the pimp, player, mack daddy of Oak-town, CA.  It's because of $hort Dog's early work that the Yay is on the hip hop map and this is the album that  started it all.The production on this album is hella tight.  The beats  are bumpin' and the bass is just boomin'.  Even on my stock stereo, the  whole car be rattlin'.  The lyrics are classic $hort.  Who can forget  FREAKY TALES.  This is just 8 minutes of pure pimpin'.  In addition, MACK  ATTACK, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, and LITTLE GIRLS are just tha shiznit.  This  is arguably $hort's best album.This is a definite must have for any hip  hop collection.  Old school Yay Area sound all the way...YOU KNOW!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is where it all started. Every gangsta rapper knows where credit is do.With out this album there would be no 40,snoop or dog pound. There's just a few songs on this album but there very long,most avg over 5 min. This is short's first album and he will always be highly touted for born to mack. The slow lazy high pitch flow that he gives on this album can never be duplicated. All the music was produced by short. The beats are extremly heavy based and simple with a good melody. The hit song on this album is freaky tales, which is almost 10min long! Short comes into his own as a mack daddy and paves the way for all future gangster rappers in the 90's and up. This album was made 1984 and still sounds great even today(not sounding out of date) P.S.Checkout dope fiend beat that's my favorite."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Billy Ocean fused R&amp;B/soul with pop/rock and ended up with an excellent album. &quot;Carribean Queen&quot; and &quot;Loverboy&quot; are both must-have 80's hits, and this album is the best place to hear them, because the versions here are much longer than the radio edits on his greatest hits CD! But then again, every song on this album is great, and the heartfelt cover of the Beatles' &quot;Long and Winding Road&quot; should win over people who don't normally appreciate 80's music. But if you are a fan of the 80's, you definitely need this album, and if you aren't, get it anyway!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was on TV all the time to promote Carribean Queen as an 80s classic. I had never heard the song in its entirety, and it clocked in at just above 7 minutes long. Loverboy and Suddenly are also good songs, but not enough for me to rate it higher than a disappointment with the artist as a whole. This is another one of those Cds I found at Wal Mart for 5 bucks. I guess they're still trying to make their money back from the first press. Didn't even include credits, and no lyrics in the package."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After recording several critically acclaimed albums for the GTO and Epic labels that did not exactly set the world on fire, Billy Ocean signed with Jive Records and hooked up with producer Keith Diamond who masterminded this classic 1984 release that made Billy Ocean a true superstar. The uptempo dance numbers &#34;Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run)&#34;, &#34;Lover Boy&#34; and &#34;Mystery Lady&#34; all became huge hits but the title track was and is one of the most gorgeous ballads of its time and one which you can still regularly hear on adult contemporary stations throughout the country."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After peaking at number 22 in 1976 with his first hit \"Love Really Hurts Without You\", Billy Ocean spent the better part of next eight years in near obscurity until he burst back on the scene with the number one hit \"Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run)\".  It is an all-time great 80's hit with a slinky dance groove. It was followed up by \"Loverboy\" which was written by rock producer Mutt Lange and topped out at number two. It has a slick rock guitar crunch over a danceable beat.  The title track is a 180 from the first two tracks as it is a straight, syrupy ballad that soared up to number four on the charts.  The album peaked at number 9 and marked the start of Mr. Ocean's brief run as the one of the biggest singers in the world."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like 1984's SUDDENLY and 1986's LOVE ZONE,this album,released in February 1988,spawned four hits. They are the title track,the love ballads THE COLOR OF LOVE and HERE'S TO YOU,and the powerful-sounding GET OUTTA MY DREAMS GET INTO MY CAR. The other songs are good. I like STAND AND DELIVER also. I never saw the 1988 film starring Lou Diamond Phillips so I don't know if that song appeared in the film. The other songs are great. Billy Ocean put out a dozen hits in the five-year period in which this album and the two predecessors were released. After this album,Ocean would start slowing down recording. Two more hits followed this album,LICENSE TO CHILL and I SLEEP BETTER(IN SOMEONE ELSE'S BED) which appeared new on the GREATEST HITS album,released in 1989."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of Billy Ocean's best releases, this album features a nice mix of funky upbeat cuts (&quot;Stand And Deliver&quot;, &quot;Gun For Hire&quot;) and romantic &quot;Quiet Storm&quot; ballads (&quot;The Colour Of Love&quot;, &quot;Here's To You&quot;). The highlight of the album is the FULL-LENGTH version of the huge hit &quot;Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car&quot; (the version on his Greatest Hits CD was a shorter radio edit). This album is filled with fun pop music, but there are enough sophisticated touches to keep it interesting (such as a trumpet solo on the uptempo song &quot;Pleasure&quot;). For fans of elegant 80s music, this will be a nice addition to your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've only really heard three of Billy Ocean's albums, but this is probably not his best. Billy Ocean was one of my favorite singers back in the early '80's, so I may enjoy this album more than others. His popular ballad, \"The Colour Of Love\", is one of the better hits, but I think I like \"Here's To You\" better. \"Here's To You\" has better lyrics, more positive than \"The Colour Of Love\", and the rhythm sounded just a little more like a tender ballad. \"Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car\" was a song that was popular on the radio back then, but seems a little silly to listen to these days. As a whole, this album disappoints a bit, but isn't too bad. Perhaps with a couple more hits on this album, it would have been one worth keeping for the long run."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of the best RandB singers with a soft touch I really did like his music he had so many good songs I really did like Billy I still hear his music on the radio now he sings so well that you understand every word that he says I would truly recommend anoyone who likes Rand B music to definitely buy this album because it contains a lot of good songs from Billy . It contains: Love Zone, Loverboy, When The Going Gets Tough The Tough Gets Going, Caribbean Queen, Suddenly, Sad Songs, and many other good songs so therefore this is a very nice album I really do enjoy this album!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Billy Ocean. Good old Billy Ocean! Yepp, this is how real pop music is supposed to sound like.It seems all his golden oldies have been included on this greatest hits album: \"When the going gets tough\", \"Loverboy\", \"Get out of my dreams\" and \"Carribean Queen\". And yes, \"License to chill\" is there, too. Plus some ballads, but I find them boring.It's a pity that this is a CD rather than a DVD, since the videoclips of this singer are extremely entertaining. I mean, one of them features Danny De Vito. Another shows Jabba the Hutt (!). Or was that Danny in disguise? Billy Ocean has always been a visual experience, not just your average pop singer. But sure, the music without the clips works just as well.Well, what more can I say?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The best thing about getting old classics, is that they are inexpensive and still worth the listen. I may be 23 but I'm very old-school and when growing up all I'd listen to is Lionel Richie, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, etc. But who I loved most of all was listening to Billy Ocean. Takes me back to my happier years and having fun. There are a few tracks that I don't remember but they are still good, takes me back to the Miami Vice theme wearing white pants era."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "So one day im over at Enrique's, a haunt me billy used to be regulars at way back when, and billy comes up to me and says &quot; I've got this killer new song in my head, but i'm not sure if its gonna sell.&quot; so I ask him why not. &quot; well you see its more of a nonlinear dramatic lydia lunch type of tune rather than my usual schtick.&quot; Well right then I asked him to lay it on me, and knowing big Billy I moved back a little because that cat spits like a mofo when he sings. so afterwards I told him &quot; look man its a great tune but change the words &quot;get out of my subconscience and into my libido to get out of my dreams and int my car.&quot; well I think everyone knows what happened from there. I just have to say kiler song BO,and i'll keep the stool warm for you, oh and I'll also save you a seat."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "From the middle 1970s through the next decade, Billy Ocean was a regular vistor to the charts on both sides of the Atlantic with his special brand of soulful pop. The melodic appeal of songs like Get Outta My Dreams, Caribbean Queen and Loverboy is still there and tracks like When The Going Gets Tough, Colour Of Love and There'll Be Sad Songs sound even better these days when the charts are filled with bland pop and boring rap. There's just one unforgivable omission here, the great song Red Light Spells Danger that was a huge hit for Ocean in the mid seventies. No collection could be considered complete without that masterpiece."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This came out in the midst of a lot of negativity in hip hop which has since overtaken the genre. KRS-One did a good job here in denouncing racism both inside and outside of the black community, dealing with issues of identity (the homeless and ya strugglin-note the subtle swipe at Michael Jackson in the latter) and an all-star jam with the BDP crew (D-nice, Miss Melody, Sister Harmony, etc). Some excerpts from Stokely Carmichael (yes, THAT Stoke-shortly before his death) are quite enlightening.Sadly, Kris Parker's hold on the youth did not last much longer as gangster (c)rap went on to destroy the music, but that's another story. Get this and see how rap COULD have been."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With stripped down production, brilliant lyrics and the fiercest delivery of his career, KRS-One and company deliver the best LP in thier entire musical cannon. While many disliked and/or misunderstood this album when it first appeared, the last decade and a half have opened minds and ears to it's sheer daring and revolutionary impact. The music, as always is sliced down to the barest essentials, a simple 808 drum machine here, some reggae flavoring there (the hypnotic \"Breath Control II\") African Drums (\"The Homeless\") and even wah-wah guitar over funky drums (\"Original Lyrics\", my personal fave) and the production isn't too crowded allowing Parker's biting, incisive lyrics and terrific vocals plenty of breathing room and the attention they deserve. While things do get a bit preachy, the sheer enjoyment of these performances will leaven out the heavy-handed tone of the words. A rap LP was never more aptly titled. School is in session."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the one that put Buddy back on the blues map. With the help of several well-known friends, including Mark Knopfler, Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton (who once called him the greatest live blues guitarist), and the great Memphis Horns, Buddy burns on the more uptempo tunes like the soulful groove of &quot;Where Is the Next One Coming From&quot; &amp; a definitive version of the classic &quot;Mustang Sally&quot;. Buddy's gritty, passionate vocals are intense without being totally over-the top, &amp; the background vocals are perfect. The slower tunes are not the old, tired, by-the-book standard slow blues, but are leisurely, rolling blues, focused as much on piano &amp; horns as on Buddy's guitar. He closes things out with &quot;Rememberin' Stevie&quot;, paying tribute to his own biggest fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Buddy Guy is one of the top blues guitar man.The others are Jimi Hendrix,Gary Moore,SRV... In my opinion,this cd is his best work.You must put this at cdplayer,and hear as loud as you can,so you'll be in tune with  one of the most energetic,consistent,emotional blues sets ever recorded.  Buddy's vocal tunes are sensually incendiary,with the combination of right  music choices,resulting this great album,with explosive interpretation of  Mustang Sally,and passionate in all other tracks. I really recomend this  'Dam'n right...',one of my best favorites in my collection"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is, by far, Too Short's best album.  The whole thing is full of his unique, laid back flow and Yay Area beats.  IN THE TRUNK and I AIN'T NOTHIN' BUT A DOG are the best songs, epitomizing Short's lifestyle.  IN  THE TRUNK has the funkiest beat, and the bass...you get submerged in it.  The production on the whole album is tight and Short Dog lays it all out  for the world to see:  the Oaktown lifestyle.  He's an Oakland Vet and  wants everybody to know it.  This is a no compromise album and one of the  best in my collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have been listening to rap for a long time and no one can compete with Too $hort.  His Oaktown style is like no other.  When I listen to this record I am brought back to a certain time period inn a place the only Too $hort can emulate.  Too $hort brings classic raps of pimpin, slangin dope, and riding old school rides down the street.  It is the representation of an era that canont be reprodiced, the early 90's.  \"No Love From Oakland\" stands out showing the real Oaktown funky Ant Banks beats.  \"Something to Ride To\" features the Dangerous Crew and is one of my favorite tracks, with 11+ minutes of staight Oakland Ant Banks funkn beat, it just lets me smoke and ride on the city steets all day. COP IT IF U A PLAYER."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "so far, my fave tracks:1)Duck Down(sick,wicked drum beat.)2)Like a throttle(club banger. how could you not dance to this one ?)3)We In There- good loop.4)Build And Destroy- This song gives a black eye to The Poor Righteous Teachers AND X-Clan.(\"Too many teachers in the class spoil the school.After awhile you got blabberin' F***in fools.\")(\"What are you doing for yourself, Black Man,tryin' hard to be the original man? who?the first man with the first tan on the first land with the first clan?WHO GIVES A D*** ?!\")Sucker,Wack Or Booty M.C.'s Need NOT apply. Krs-One made that abundantly clear on this album.(\"I don't battle to win or lose i battle to ruin your whole career.\")old-school hip-hop with a message as well...what more can my ears ask for ? :D"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Its kind of hard to deny what Krs-One has brought to the game. His flow is phenomenal and the insight he gives is precious even now. Standout Tracks: DUCK DOWN, RUFF RUFF(dope match up with Freddie Foxx), 13 AND GOOD(the story of a guy who sleeps with a teen that calls her father who is a gay cop will have you in stitches), POISONOUS PRODUCTS, QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS, LIKE A THROTTLE, WE IN HERE, THE REAL HOLY PLACE(the deepest track on here), WHO ARE THE PIMPS? and the reggae tinged joints like SAY GAL and SEX AND VIOLENCE are gems also. Filler: NONE! Bottom Line: BDP's six album is still a classic with a message that still isnt heeded till this day. Besides the slammin production, Krs showed that he was 100 steps ahead from the average rapper with this album. Any born again hip hop head would do well to start off with Edutainment and work their way down to this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "UGK&#65533;s first album is an undisputed Dirty South classic.  This duo, hailing from Texas, was one of the first dirty south groups that were not bass music to put it down (along with Geto Boys & Eightball & MJG).  UGK&#65533;s debut album is beyond great.  The samples used in the songs are not disgraceful and UGK are notorious for sampling on their earlier albums.  The rapping, compared to their skills now, is a little lacking but they were in their developmental stages during this album.  Still, they drop memorable lines and classic verses all throughout this album.  The best songs include but are not limited to &#65533;Something Good&#65533;, &#65533;Use Me Up&#65533;, and  &#65533;Cramping My Style&#65533;.  This album is a must have for all fans of UGK and of Dirty South music.  5 Star classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the first main stream cd that they dropped and today it's still one of the hardest. When I first heard 976 Bun B in 93 I was like this can't be real. I had never heard anyone flow like this cat before and his style has only gotten stronger. Bun B and Pimp C are the duo way before Outkast and all the other greats to follow. The thing is they just kept getting better with time. If you haven't heard this you are missing out. And the next up Ridin Dirty is a must have as well. I wish I could get the tape samle to this cd that they released. Tell Me Something Good had different words to it than what's on the cd and 976 Bun B had a different beat. Both were a lot harder I tell you. I wish I could find out who stole it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album was haaard. The production is classic. Every song from the start to finish has tight rhymes. Spices flow was much more advanced from his first album which is a classic too. I can't sat how much I like this CD. I like what ant banks did with the 'george duke' sample on 'clip & tha trigga' too, since I used to like the original. This is essential if you want good westcoast rap. Also checkout South central cartels 'N' gatz we truss' if you like this. Peace!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is probably the best solo album KRS-One has ever put out. Sorry to say there are probably other good ones, but this is the best put together one. The beats, the rhymes, and the material go together very nicely. My favorites are Outta Here, Mortal Thought, I Can't Wake Up, Sound of Da Police, Uh Oh, Return of the Boom Bap, and Stop Frontin'. But the other songs are good too. I recommend this to fans of Boogie Down Productions or Hip Hop in general."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Boogie Down Productions leader KRS-One's reputation began to slip in the early '90s, as he spent more time educating than performing. He hit back at his critics with the slamming Return of the Boom Bap, his first official solo release. Leaving behind the detailed production of the last BDP album Sex and Violence, Boom Bap returns the MC to the spare, gritty territory of Criminal Minded. KRS-One sounds reinvigorated, as well, spitting out his rhymes with fury and intelligence. Although the record isn't as didatic as Edutainment or Sex and Violence, KRS-One hasn't made his lyrics simplistic, nor has he abandoned his cutting, intelligent social commentary. The combination of hard, basic beats and exciting rhymes makes Rerturn of the Boom Bap a genuine comeback for KRS-One, one of the founding figures of modern hip-hop."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "overall, this is a pretty good album with a few outstanding cuts. \"Outta Here\", \"I Can't Wake Up\", and \"Mortal Thought\" are all fairly entertaining tracks that showcase KRS-One's gifted delivery and his creative flow. but the production of this record sounds dated and alot of the songs toward the end of the record are forgettable. i prefer the hardcore leanings of his BDP days rather than these semi-concious psuedo-ragga party jams. but KRS's voice is still a treat to listen to and this record is probably better than almost any other hip hop album put out in 1993."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have been a krs-one fan for a LONG time, and would have to say this is his best album.  Sound Of Da Police is completely off the hook, the lyrics are some of the best you'll come across.  Krs is one of the greatest rappers ever, and this album is a timeless underground classic.  This is REAL hip-hop, dont support what we hear on the radio these days, its all crap, listen to legends like krs-one and rakim.  Other good tracks are KRS-One Attacks and Return Of Da Boombap.Beats - 10/10Lyrics - 10/10Production - 10/10Originality - 10/10Final Note - 5 Mic Classic, one that all true rap/hip-hop fans have.  Classic album, one of the best of our time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The most INCREDIBLE album of 1993.  FAR superior to Snoop Doggy Dogg's  debut album, which overshadowed this, plus seemingly everything else at the  time.  Do yourself a favor and PICK THIS UP!  DJ Premier and Kid Capri's  production skills are not to be fronted on!Most blazing track:  Higher  Level-  With a blistering sample from the BLACULA soundtrack (?), Kris  rants and raves in the glorious fashion that only he can.Other  outstanding cuts:  KRS-One Attacks, Outta Here, Sound of Da Police, P is  Still Free.This is the first official SOLO album from KRS-ONE of Boogie  Down Productions.  Check out all his other albums, including the latest, I  GOT NEXT..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Criminal minded, by any means, return of the boom bap, krs one (self titled) are the best albums he ever did and made him the legend he is. On this particular album he displays his true lyricism such as metaphors,battle rap etc. This is definately far entertaining then previous releases such as sex and violence, edutainment, and ghetto music, those albums came off to preachy in my opinion and don't standout amongst his better efforts as I mentioned before. You can play the whole thing through, although in my opinion the only track I would skip is \"uh oh\" because it's a beatbox beat which get's annoying after awhile other then that this is a classic album in hip hop and a landmark in it's history."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Krs-One returned with a vengeance in 93, and dropped a CLASSIC in the form of Return Of The Boom Bap. This album, like every other Krs-One album, represents him in his truest form, always talking about something positive, claiming to be &quot;the teacher&quot; of hip hop, and saying things to leave you thinking. Here's the review:Album Highlights: Krs-One Attacks, Outta Here, Black Cop, Mortal Thought, I Can't Wake Up, Sound Of Da Police, Mad Crew, and Return Of The Boom Bap.Production: Thumbs up.Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs up.Originality: Thumbs up.The Last Word: While NOT as strong as Criminal Minded and By All Means Necessary, this is still Krs at his best. Today, he still remains one of the most influential MCs out there keeping his legacy alive. Overall, I recommend you pick up this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "UGK, on their second album, finds the unstoppable riding groove that they are most known for today.  Bun B's rugged flow and menacing lyrics nicely offset Pimp C's playalistic style.  The beats are strictly playa beats that you can ride to or just chill and bob ya head to.  Never corny and always on point.  Pimp C is definitely an underated producer.  Every song bumps but the classics are `Return', It's Supposed To Bubble, I Left It Wet For You,  Feds In Town, and Front Back Side to Side.  This album, being nearly ten years old, does not have a dated sound and wouldn't sound out of wack on a mix cd of recent songs.  It would fit right in.  And that my friends is a sign of timeless classic music.  UGK - Supertight - 5 stars."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is some str8 killa from the Kingz...Bun B and Pimp C Def. Show some real talent & ability on this record....easily up there w/\"Ridin' Dirty\" & \"Too Hard to Swallow\".  These guys have some of the tightest beats and rhymes out there...10 years+ later, it's still better than most s*** out there.  My Fav tracks are \"I left it Wet for ya\", \"Underground\", \"Feds in Town\", \"It's Supposed to Bubble\",....they're all tight..Super tight...check this one out!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pimp C and Bun B came out in 1994 with an album with nothin but fire.  This album slams from start to finish with that old school down south feel.  The beats are melodic G-Funk, with twangy guitar and smokin keyborad riffs.  Lyrically and vocally, UGK kills in all departments.  They really know how to tear up the mic with their firey flows. The track \"Feds in Town\" is a gangster classic with a phat, funky beat and tight scratches. \"Super Tight...\" is the perfect one to pop in the six fo while hittin switches down the avenue. The mid 90's was one of the best periods in rap history, and this album is testament to it.  Don't sleep on this classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Get In Where You Fit In\" is not only my favorite album by Too Short, but definitely one of my all time favorite hip hop records. The first six tracks of the album starts the lp off with a bang, while it kinda slows down later on. \"I'm a Player\" and \"Just Another Day\" are what made me want to buy this years ago. I'm not into the new stuff Short's doing these days, but i always listen to the Golden Age Short (88-94 or 95). Short Dog's best, bar none."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "15 years after this album came out and I am still enjoying this release. The first time I heard the lyrics of I'm a player, I was in high school and it took me 2 days to learn the lyrics. That's how much I was listening to this album. The beats are dope and  too short's lazy flow is right on point. This album is a classic. It is probably my favorite too short album next to Life is.....too short and cocktails. Definitely a must for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Too $hort is the biggest pimp ever and always will be. Even though he doesn't rap about much else, for some reason it never gets old listening to Short dog. Possibly because Ant Banks provides some of the funkiest beats, or maybe it's Too $hort's delivery and voice, but I will never get tired of listening to Too $hort. This album is his best, edging out Life is Too Short and Cocktails. It has the best production and Too $hort and company drop hot lyrics over the beats. Bay Area rap doesn't get much better."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Do you mind if I give you some of my........12 play?What else can I say about the king? This album is a true RnB classic. I listen to this album and I hear the passion in his voice, the seduction in the production and........the bad rapping! But when its the 'R' you can forgive him for a few blunders (i.e. \"I like the crotch on you\" and \"Back to the hood of things\" ugh!) Nevertheless, this album is pure brilliance. Love him or like him he just may be the greatest RnB artist of all time!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember being twelve years old when the 12 Play album came out. At the time there really was no other male R&B singer doing it like Mr. Kelly expect for my boy Ralph Tresvant. As I've said in other reviews, R.Kelly's ballads are what make the CD work. Of course everyone knows the singles Your Body's Callin ,It Seems Like You're Ready, Bump & Grind, Sex Me Parts 1 & 2 but there was also the self titled track, the heart-felt cover of Sadie and the sentimental For You. The up-tempo stuff is really weak but the ballads are on-point."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Well, I did not order this one from Amazon. Actually, I picked this up way before I was even shopping on Amazon. But Amazon is still the bomb! Anyway, I picked this cd up when it first came out in the 90's and it is STILL on rotation in my cd changer. The ladies love it and so do I. Now, I realize that R. Kelly is in a little trouble but hey, no one is perfect and we've all done things we are not proud of so, I'll continue to support his music. I'm not sure what he does in his personal life but I'll say this; what he does inside the studio allows me to do what I gotta do inside the crib. YMMV! Neosoul06...."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R. Kelly - 12 Play (Jive, 1993)Many people claim that they grew up listening to R. Kelly, but when asked what songs are favorites, if you say, \"Thoinga Thoing\" or \"Fiesta\", then you're just a YOUNG'UN! Because ten years ago before all that \"Pied Piper\" hogwash, R. Kelly, bald head and all, had ladies (and fellas) swooning with this, his second album. The classics are all on here like \"It Seems Like You're Ready\", \"Sex Me Pts. I & II\", and \"Bump n' Grind\". The raps that he do on here are also an improvement off of his first album. One big classic. Check it out. -EJR"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R. Kelly has always been a great producer and songwriter and at least a plausible if not extraordinary singer. Though numerous legal woes have hampered his success over the past several years, he nonetheless got off to a really great start with his first album, which has a plethora of sexual undertones but still manages to sound more stylish than trashy. Contains the #1 hit \"Bump 'N Grind\" and the urban radio favorites \"Your Body's Callin'\" and \"It Seems Like You're Ready\". There is also a brilliant remix of \"Bump 'N Grind\" on the single for that song, entitled the \"Definition Of A Hotti Remix\". This was played a lot on my local radio station, and for those of you who haven't heard it, I strongly recommend. It is more blissful and sensual than the original in my opinion."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A mix of both slow and mid-tempo (though mostly slow) songs of faith, love, and desire.&quot;Homie, Lover, Friend&quot; expresses every person's desire to have someone that they can have fun with as a &quot;homie,&quot; make love to as a &quot;lover,&quot; and trust as a &quot;friend.&quot;Classic songs include &quot;Bump N Grind&quot;, &quot;Sex Me&quot;, and &quot;your Body's Callin'.&quot;Listen to this on the beach while you're relaxing or when you turn out the lights with that special someone."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "12 Play is the debut album from R. Kelly. This album is great if you love R&B; and sexual themes.\"Your Body's Callin\", \"Bump N' Grind\", \"Homie Lover Friend\", \"Summer Bunnies\", \"12 Play\" and \"Sadie\" are my favorite songs. The rest of the album is good too.R. Kelly has a very strong voice and he produces, writes and arranges all of his music which makes him a very versatile artist.If your just getting into R. Kelly, I recommend these:Chocolate FactoryTP-2.comR.The R In R&B; Collection, Vol. 1R. KellyHappy People/U Saved Meand Robert's new album, TP-3 Reloaded is real good. Songs on that album that I recommend listening to are: \"Playa's Only\", all of the \"Trapped In The Closet\" chapters, \"Remote Control\", \"Sex Weed\" and \"Sex In The Kitchen\"."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you are a fan of R&B; music there is no way you can give this album less than 5 stars. It's a classic. The crazy thing is it's not even R. Kelly's best album. That honour belongs to his self titled 1995 release.12 Play boasts the smash hits Your Body's Callin and Bump N Grind. But it also includes other quality tracks like Summer Bunnies, Sex Me and It Seems Like Your Ready. There is also a great tribute song called Sadie which is a nice change up from the sexually charged theme of the album.This album really launched the career of R. Kelly and put him on the map as one of the powerhouse r&b; acts of the 1990's and early 2000's. High recommend."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "this is a cd that no matter who im with pull this one out and everyone knows the songs and loves this cd. you can never go wrong with 12 play. every R&B fan needs this cd to complete thier collection it is a must have. there are a few songs i dont like, but all the hits on this cd more than make up for them, and he still gets 5 stars because in my opinion some of the best songs of our time are on this cd. another one of those road trip cds to play with old friends. everyone i know loves this cd."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you love R&amp;B, then this is your first must-have disc. 12Play is the CD that put R. Kelly on the map, and rightfully so. This is a classic  R&amp;B disc, and could've been with only five songs on it. Your Body's  Callin, Bump N Grind, It Seems Like You're Ready, Sex Me(I&amp;II), and  12Play simply define this disc. It Seems Like You're Ready was an instant  R&amp;B classic and is still being played on the radio today. Everyone has  to love Sex Me just for it's production if nothing else. I won't tell too  much. I'll let the customer experience it for themselves. Those who have  the album know what I mean, and those who don't should be on their way to  the record store right now. Definitely buy 12Play!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Aaliyah came out when she was 15 and had some great hip hop laced R&B; cuts with help from R. Kelly, her mentor and rumored husband.Aaliyah had a certain charisma and smooth delivery that made up for her sometimes immature lyrics (which was not her fault). Still this Cd was very important in the mid 90's. Age Ain't Nothing But a Number, Back and Forth, and At your best (You are love) were her singles but I was also impressed by her other cuts.This Cd is straight 90's music but it is Aaliyah and it is still a classic!Favs: Street Thing, Im so into you, No one Knows.., Old School, along with her singles!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On Aaliyah's debut, it ain't hard to tell that R. Kelly found her. Most of the songs sound like Aaliyah is featured on them instead of them being her own songs like &quot;Back and Forth&quot; and &quot;Old School&quot; (R. Kelly's name is even being mentioned in the latter's chorus). One of the only moments that you can feel Aaliyah's ability is on the remake of The Isley Brothers' &quot;At Your Best&quot;. This album is still good to play in your stereo, but if you want a really good Aaliyah album, check out One in a Million (yeah, I know she has another album after that; I meant what I said)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'm a 31 year old white guy that normally listens to metal and grunge, but I love this album. I had a roommate in the Airforce back in 1994 who played this alot, and I just came to really like it. It's a good mix of songs, some smooth R&amp;B stuff, and some more upbeat hip-hop type songs. &quot;Back And Forth&quot; was the big song off this, but &quot;Age Ain't Nothing But A Number&quot;, &quot;I'm So Into You&quot;, and &quot;At Your Best (you are love)&quot; are all great as well. My favorite though is &quot;Young Nation&quot;. It's just super sweet. I don't know her other albums at all, and I don't know the genre well, but I do know this disc will make you &quot;Throw Your Hands Up&quot;."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Aaliyah Dana Haughton is one of our world's finest entertainers.  Aaliyah possesses a golden voice.  Her vocal range is very wide; she can hit the high and low notes with effortless ease and pristine perfection.  &quot;Age Ain't Nothing But A Number&quot; is a wonderful album.  Aaliyah has the unique ability to sing to the listener.  Her music touches my very essence.  This thirteen track album is loaded with hits.  Every track is a perfect ten.  Aaliyah is kind enough to share her fantastic artistic abilities with the world.  I thank Aaliyah for that.  I guarantee that you will love this album.  Don't think twice, buy this album.  Peace from Barbados."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With the anniversary of her death approaching, now seems like an appropriate time to look back on this promising debut. While it has a fair amount of filler and the hit tunes are good but not great, \"Age Ain't....\" showed great promise and still entertains on many levels. For every half-baked song sketch with bad rapping (\"Throw Ya' Hands Up\", \"Old School\") there's a moment of sheer inspiration and joy (\"Back & Forth\") and a title track that still bumps after 8 years. She was taken from us far too soon, but listening to this first effort reminds us of why we fell in love with her in the first place."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a dope album by a very young and under rated e-40. I brought this in 97 and took a chance buying it because I never heard it. im a big e-40 fan and i have of his other cds but this one got by me. The song federal is super tight that will break your speakers.This cd is great but not as good as the mail man which came after this. But this is a must has if your a e-40 fan cause it has great those old  cali mob style beats."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A lot of you think this is there first national record to rise to stardom but in actualality N2DEEP Back to the hotel put E-40 and B-legit to the gold record artist status that they were bound to achieve.this record  didn't achieve that status but more than should've.if your someone who is a  pure click fan the song V-town on back to the hotel is one to get.When this  record was first released independently samples weren't cleared and when  jive picked it up they chose not to clear them and took them of the record.  bad decision.they have sold around 400,000 copies of this yet this a bay  classic. It still will most likely go gold but it would make it there  faster if they would bring back the original album.These 4 artists have  tried to hold down the westcoast while the rest of the west has been and  stayed on vacation.If you don't have this record get it but if possible hit  a store that has the original copy not the edited version."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The original release of Down & Dirty with 18 tracks is definitely one of the best albums ever made. It's a versatile gangsta rap album, that touches a lot of different topics.The beats are ahead of their time, the big names Studio Ton, Mike Mosley and Sam Bostic take care of that. E-40 is at his best on this album, his unique style and delivery with great lyrics combined. B-Legit is also on fire here, and even D-Shot comes very hard. Suga-T is only featured on one track, on Sohabs.Even though the whole album is classic, the best songs are Let's Get Drunk, On A Mission, Mr. Flamboyant, Daily Routine, You F***ed Up When You Slammed My Motha and of course Let's Side.The re-release on Jive with changed beats and narrowed tracklist ain't anything after you've heard the original.And guess what... I have the original tape on great condition for sale... Holla at me! My e-mail address is ailuv@suomi24.fi"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I had to write this. I am a huge e-40 fan since 1993. After listening to all his cds. This is the best. Its his best beats and most creavtive lyrics and styles on this cd. I love the songs sprinkle me,dusted and Disgusted with 2pac, and one love. He made videos for all of those. This came out in 96 and he was just starting to make a national name for himself. He never matched this masterpeice.He still never really gets airplay he deserves. But get this cd."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is easily E-40's best work. &quot;In a Major Way&quot; is top-notch material from beginning to end. The beats provide classic West Coast g-funk, while 40's flows and linguistics are solid as usual.Nearly every track is equal in calibur, but the 3 stand-outs would probably be the classic &quot;Dusted &amp; Disgusted,&quot; &quot;1-Luv,&quot; and &quot;Spittin.&quot;There's not one weak track on here. If you're into the West Coast sound, and even if you're not, this is an album you should definitely have in your collection.The West could use another album of this calibur these days."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In a Major way is E-40's best album, a Bay Area classic. The Vallejo Boss Playa just blew up on this amazing album. Features the unmatchable beats by Mike Mosley &amp; Sam Bostic, Funk Daddy and Studio Ton. The album is  perfect from start to end and it's got the two classic cuts : Sprinkle Me  (feat. Suga T) and the one and only Dusted 'n' Disgusted, which has one of  the TIGHTEST beats I've ever heard, combined with BREATHTAKING verses by  the greatest rappers - SPICE 1, 2PAC, MAC MALL AND 40 WATER! The album also  features 40's long time partner B-Legit and also Mac Shawn, Levitti and  Celly Cel. This album takes the Sick Wid It Mob sound to a whole new level  and E-40 continues to develop his own unique style, inventing new slang and  always comming with fresh delivery."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Umm... What shall I say 'bout this one? It's pretty easy, if you like westcoast rap you gon' love this one! E-40's best all around and probarly one of Bay Area's finest, up there together with Mac Mall's Illegal Business?.E-40 never dissapoints me and after dropping so many albums, he still hasn't got the props he deserves.The whole Bay Area is painfully underated.Mac Mall, Spice 1, E-40 and his Sick-Wid-It records click and Ray Luv, these are my favorites outta Bay Area.Buy anything by them and show love, 'cause it basically don't get pretty much better than this type of Westcoast rap.One word for this record : Classic.I don't even have to mention highlights 'cause they're all great, but my favorite probarly is Dusten 'N' Disgusted featuring 2Pac, Spice 1 and Mac Mall.Get this one, it will make you money worth, no doubt."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "E-40 is at his best on this album.  He may rap about hustlin, sex, and violence like many of his peers, but the way he does it is inventive.  He created much of the slang we use today.  This album is laced with hard mobb beats (\"Dusted and Disgusted\"), melodic G-Funk laden with whiny keyboard riffs(\"Drank and Smoke\"), and even a track with a beat hinting of what we call today \"crunk\" (1 Luv).  He paired these neat beats with with his tongue twisting flow.  Most of the songs on the album are classics; the ones that aren't are still tight.  Bump this funky materpiece from the yay while sittin' sideways in a lac!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "E-40 is the head of west coast sibling clan THE CLICK. Their 1995 release &quot;Game Related&quot; is a mix of west coast twang and funky productions.&quot;Wolf Tickets&quot; opens this set. A comical set about peeps talking trash but not being about their business. The drug slang hit &quot;Hurricane&quot; and the ZAPP sampled &quot;Scandalous&quot;  were the hit singles and are definitely the catchy hits.E-40 and B-LEGIT work the drunken craze of the funky &quot;Out my body&quot;. B-LEGIT also rocked his solo joint &quot;We dont f*ck wit' dat&quot;. Sister SUGA T. gets down and dirty with her call out &quot;If i took your boyfriend&quot; (The much used PRINCE sample)Other standouts are the gangsta story &quot;Be about your paper&quot; and &quot;Hot ones echo thru the ghetto&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is reel good. E-40, B-Legit, D-Shot, and Suga-T put doan some dope tunes and rhimes in dis 14 track album. I would say dat track 9, (Boss Baller), is da best track on here. Track 9 is D-Shot basically rappin' by  himself and da song is pretty damn dope. Get this album if ya like hardcore  rap or any rappers from SickWidIt. If you wish to e-mail me my addy is  yuckplace@hotmail.com."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For his second solo album, KRS-One worked with a variety of younger hip-hop talents, perhaps in an attempt to resuscitate his street credibility and his commercial standing. Featuring appearances by Das EFX, Mad Lion, Fat Joe, and Channel Live, KRS-One is loaded with fresh talent of the first-rank and they help spark the Teacher into giving an inspired performance. The album also showcases a bit fuller production than Return of the Boom Bap, but that doesn't mean he has sold it out -- it just means he's continuing to experiment, which is one of the reasons KRS-One remained a vital artist nearly a decade after his first record."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am a fan from the BDP days of KRS.His self titled release here was a bit slept on at the time.I think Boom Bap was just so cool and groundbreaking that when this came on people wanted more of that sound.Now that nearly 10 years have passed this album stands up very well.Especially with this Blinged out era its almost like crawling into a time capsule.The hottest joint Mc's Act Like They Don't Know could put any rhyme out there today on its back by itself.Thats not even the hardest cut on a emcee basis.Check out Build Ya Skills with Busta Rhymes, thats some whoop ass for ya.DJ Premier probably did some of his finest work on this album.KRS also blended his productions nicely too.If you are KRS fan this can't dissapoint."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With his thrid CD in three years, R.Kelly delivered more of his usual antics. While this CD had it's moments it also had it's share of weak moments. The strong moments were the ballads which he's always known for. The first trio of ballads the hit single You Remind Me Of Something, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby and my personal favorite Step In My Room show R's vocals and writing at it's best. The next two strong ballads Down Low (Nobody Has To Know) and \"I Can't Sleep Baby (If I)\" were also good , although the remixes were better. The other strong ballads  Tempo Slow was placed at towards the end of the CD but it was placed in the middle of R. Kelly's religous section of the CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Very few albums out at the moment are so good that you can listen to it from start to finish. Although this is far more mellow and laid-back than just about all of Kelly's other albums, the consistant quality of the songs make this a treat to the ears.Kelly has said that it was around this time that he discovered God. God really must have inspired him, as it is far greater than his previous work (although 12 Play is a classic).Just about the best ballad Kelly ever wrote (&quot;I Can't Sleep Baby (If I) is probably the best song on the album, followed closely by the mid tempo &quot;Thank God It's Friday&quot;. The multi-octave style of Marvin Gaye can be seen used here. It is a pity Kelly doesn't use it anymore.If you are just getting into his work and are not going for the more hardcore elements of &quot;Best of Both Worlds&quot;, get this album as it will really open the door to what tis guy is trying to say."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the album that really made me take notice of \"Tha Rrah\"! I gave it a 5 star rating because as a music lover, any album that grabs my attention & allows me to listen all the way through without skipping is classic in my book.  This album just flows from song to song, no production flaws, no songs that jarred my sensabilities.There's not a bad song on this disc but the standouts to me are:You Remind Me of Something - classic slow jam for the 90's(You To Be Happy) w/ Notorious B.I.G. - great collaboDown Low - who can forget that epic videoI Can't Sleep Baby - love this song!Trade in My Life - as powerful as \"I Believe I Can Fly\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love R Kelly and all his material, and I love this album the best out of all I've heard of his.  I have almost all of his cd's but out of all of those, and in fact out of all I own, I still listen to this cd real often.  It's the best.  I love love love Down Low, Can't Sleep (Baby) and Thank God It's Friday - they are the best cuts on here.  He's such a great talent, and so underrated.  He's soulful and a joy to listen to.  Despite whatever goes on in his personal life, he remains one of my top favourite singers ever.  Down Low is among my top 10 favourite songs of all times and I could listen to this cd over and over again, never get sick of it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of my favorite albums by R.  This is when we had to realize, \"this brother is talented!!!!\"  This album was good because he had some of his love songs on it, then the songs to make you groove, and threw in some spirtual songs to round it off.  There is something for everyone on this CD.My favorite cuts on this CD:2. Hump Bounce - nice litte groove6. Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby7. You to be Happy8. Down Low - the relationship between he and Isley was born9. I can't sleep baby14.Temp Slow16. Trade in My life - he was testifying on this song!!!The whole album is good, but the songs I listed are the songs I play the most."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Exactly 14 years on this day records stores across the country put a CD on the shelf that changed and set the tone for hip hop and music in general if you ask me.  Ridin' Dirty was that album.  Years previous before this album dropped, I argued that The Chronic was the best album front to back until this one dropped.  Not to take anything from The Chronic, but this one split it's fair share of speakers.  Pimp C himself said something to the effect that he wanted to make an album on that level and be in the zone Dr. Dre was in.I can damn near rap to this whole cd but the tracks that stand out the most to me is the following:MurderDiamonds & Wood3 in the Mornin'TouchedThat's Why I CarryHi LifeOutroSo what I plan on doing is playing this one off and on throughout this weekend as I ride through this city called Houston and pay homage to 2 of my favorite rappers; Pimp C (RIP) and Bun B."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...these boys done f@&amp;ked around and got a triple-double with this!  the production on here is rich and deep...you can play this on your granmama's ol' clock radio and its gonna make you sit up and lissen! it's true, tho, they aint sayin a whole lot...references to drugs and sex are integrated into damn near every verse!  but they are so skilled in creating lyrical landscapes and the production is so tight that true hip hop fans wont complain too much...but if you want insight and meaning then check out mos def, talib, outkast or any of the old school recordings that are still out there.  these boys only wanna keep it crunk."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in 1995, when I was in 7th grade, I saw these guys perform in my middle school lunch room before anyone knew who they were. They had those little pre-teen girls soaking wet. The blond haired kid hit piercingly high notes. I was completely baffled by this as I sat back and ate my cream corn and mini corn dogs. So I bought the cassette tape. Then the ladies were all talking to me. They were like, \"Hey Chad, can I listen to the B-Boys on your headphones?\" And I was like \"Ah yeah baby, come over here and sit on my lap, and we can listen to the sweat sounds of the B-Boys together.\" He he he he he. Backstreet's back, alright!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Terrific pop CD has some of the best songs of the late-nineties on it. &quot;As Long As You Love Me,&quot; and &quot;Quit Playing Games With My Heart&quot; were smash hits and are still favorites on soft rock stations  all over USA. Now,there is a lot of controversy over if Backstreet or 'N  Sync(that other group) are better. I like both,but Backstreet Boys always  will be my favorites. They're the kings of ballads and have a couple great  up-beat songs(mostly on this one.) 'N Sync are the more hip-hoppy group if  you like that stuff. Their first CD was great and I thought the second that  everyone is fussing over is horrible. There's only about two good songs on  it. So,I definately say to get this(the Backstreet Boys debut),and their  second release Millenium. If you like these,you'll probably like 'N Sync's  first CD too. You won't be disappointed with any of these three."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Backstreet Boys became highly admired dominantly by young girls just like New Kids On The Block in the late 80's and early 90's. In 1997 when this album was released,it sold by the dozens just like Hanson's MIDDLE OF NOWHERE album. Hit songs include EVERYBODY(Backstreet's Back)*,QUIT PLAYING GAMES WITH MY HEART,I'LL NEVER BREAK YOUR HEART,ALL I HAVE TO GIVE and AS LONG AS YOU LOVE ME,all later recycled for 2001's THE HITS-CHAPTER ONE. SET ADRIFT ON MEMORY BLISS contains music excerpts for Spandau Ballet's TRUE. Personally,this album,like every other BSB album,I believe is one of the greatest ever recorded. It continued to sell well throughout 1998. *How could that be? They just started."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I got Backstreet's debut album a couple years after it came out, but I still thought it was pretty good.  &quot;Quit Playing Games&quot;, &quot;As Long&quot;, &quot;All I Have&quot;, &quot;Everybody&quot;, and &quot;Never Break&quot; are all enough to make you want to buy this album.  Although BSB is adored by millions of pre-teen girls, you shouldn't totally dismiss this album.  However, this is their first album and they have gotten much better over the years.  I never understood how this music is considered &quot;pop&quot; when all it is R&amp;B.  But that's all a part of a critic's job- to neatly place everyone in a particular musical category."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When I first heard QUIT PLAYING GAMES on the radio, I went crazy trying to find out who sung it.  Who had every heard of THE BACKSTREET BOYS anyway?  Well no one is asking that question anymore, since these great looking,  talented young guys have risen in the music world and can sell out a  stadium in less than 10 minutes!  This cd contains all their popular hits  from the late nineties.  You'll sing along and dance and really enjoy  adding this to your &quot;favorites&quot; collection.  And of course,  MILLENNIUM is out of this world too!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "OK, some people may just pass on the Backstreet Boys simply because they think they are just another one of those teenybopper face bands that will become VERY big, then just grow &quot;un-cute&quot; and disappear into the  99 cent bin in a few years.  Remember New Kids on The Block?  Thought so.  That is what happened to them.Now, what makes the Backstreet Boys  different, is that they have pure singing talent.  Listen to their  harmonies.  SOLID.  Listen to their songs.  They ALL can sing.  They can  sing lead, they can do back-ups.  They even play instruments (which I have  recently seen from some concert footage.)  Talent, people...all talent.  I  think the Backstreet Boys will be around for awhile.  Just listen to them."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in the day you got classic after classic. This is just one of them. Still though E-40's new music is great but not this great if you know what I mean. This is laid back westcoast music at some of it's best. Bay-Area has many talented artirst and if you're into west coast rap E-40 is one of the most important to get. I'll admit this ain't 40's best, but it's far from his worst and it does deserves five stars even though it's more like 4.5.Definitely check this out if you're interested in some west coast talent.Also check out music by Too Short, South Central Cartel, Havoc &amp; Prodeje, B-Legit, Richie Rich, The Click, Celly Cel.. oh my God so many talents that never get the props they deserve. I think it's time now! Get this for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "B-Legit holds it down for the Yay Area but not with &quot;The Click&quot; but solo wise. He makes sure you feel this album with knockin' beats and lyrics showing you that he's not in 40 waters shadow. Not only does he put it down by himself but he features some of the top rappers puttin' it down for California. I recommend this album to everyone who likes E-40, Suga T, D-Shot, and &quot;The Click&quot; because B-Legit shows he's a major part of &quot;The Click&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "B-Legit comes through in a major way with his second project &quot;The Hemp Museum&quot;. The CD from top to bottom is just superb from &quot;City 2 City&quot; with LeVitti, &quot;For So Long&quot;(Mike Mosley doing what he does best), &quot;Check It Out&quot;(Kurupt & E-40 adds some great lyrics on this track and Studio Ton provides a great mob beat to it), &quot;Gotta Buy Dope From Us&quot;(C-Bo & Little Bruce serves up some game on this track). I can go on & on but this is just a sample of how good this CD is. There is not one weak track on here. The Hemp Museum is in a class of it's own. Check It Out!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I first heard of B-Legit on 2Pac's \"All Eyez On Me\" and 40 Water's \"In A Major Way,\" and I am glad I did!  B-Legit's 2nd album \"The Hemp Museum,\" is tight.  It is straight hard-hittin' g-funk you can bend corners to and lowride to!  He keeps it old school on \"Neva Bite\" (#7)with whiny synths and a faint use of a talk box in the hook.  #6, \"Hemp Museum\" is laid back, funky, and fresh, one to hit switches to, or ride with the top down!! \"For So Long\" (#3) is also tight with a kickin' beat and use of the whiny synths.  Be sure \"Check It Out,\" and cop it!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yo this was the perfect album for KRS at the time because people wasn't sure if he still had it in him after Boom Bap and KRS-One.To me this was the answer to Boom Bap.I Got Next prooved he can rock a party like know one else.The lyrics are probably his best stylisticly.The beats are tight and the guest appearences were on point too.I know some were upset with the Puffy remix of Step Into A world but I say why not?KRS rhymed with Shabba Ranks back in the day so whats the difference?Meaning at the time Shabba was making it in the mainstream and no one had an issue with that so big deal.It didn't diminish what was acomplished on this album.The only thing that was missing was a DJ Premier track or somethin close to it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In my opinion, this is KRS best solo effort so far. I can't skip no tracks. From beginning to end, this whole CD is pure form of the term real peoples can recognize as: HIP-HOP. Tracks like \"The MC\", \"Step into a world\" or \"A friend\" are real classics, such as the entire album. This is a fresh air of hip-hop which is mocked by fake, gangsta-like, commercial freaks like Puffy, Nelly, St. Lunatics or them C(TR)a$h Money what-do-you-call-them's... This is TRUE hip-hop! If you a fake cat, don't buy this! This is not meant for Y'ALL! But if you like TRUE hip-hop skills, then buy it! NOW!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a great album from the Man Right Chea himself, Mystikal! Mystikal is tight and also hilarious with his crazy, flippin lyrics that work well with the tight beats on this cd! The best song on here is Here We Go but most of the other songs are tight as well, including 13 Years, Unpredictable, Ain't No Limit, Murder 2(which I think they messed the title up on. It should be Murderer 2, but oh well), U Can't Handle This, The Man Right Chea, D**k On The Track, and Sleepin With Me. This is an excellent cd from No Limit, so if yoou like No Limit, or if you just like Mystikal, or if you just like crazy, hilarious lyrics, then check this album out today!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This albums ok.  I got it day it was out, cuz i was a pac fan before he died, unlike 60% of his fans now.  But this was the best album that was released after he died.  I love \"Hold On Be Strong\", \" When I Get Free 2\".  ill tracks right there.  Im sick of these new cds tho, they should just stop.  I mean, Trick Daddy and Pac?!  I like trick, but damn, Better Dayz was...well, the only good tracks were the Outlawz tracks!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "RU Still Down first posthumus 2pac album is my favorite one created after he died. Pacs vocals are not sped up and the production sounds like a 2pac album. I could list this whole album as the best songs but the standouts to me are RU Still Down, Hellrazor, Wonder If Heaven Got A Ghetto hip hop version, Open Fire, When I Get Free 1 and 2, Do For Love, F=== All Yall, well just forget it. Every song on here is a standout in my eyes. Pac's albums would go downhill from here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "2pac's best album. I love his music and this album is a classic. combining gansgta rap to his angry voice. Buy this one if u r a BIG fan of 2pac. also reminds of good times with Biggie (B.I.G)I tried to get it from different stores when it came out but this album was always OUT OF STOCK finally i got it (along time ago) and It is still in my CD player. Never got out from there.For me this is the best rap album EVER! and also 2pac's greatest work."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This band is truly terrible. First off, the music is terrible. It's soft and wimpy and lacks any musical credibility. I'm not just saying this because I hate punk. I don't see how anyone can like this. The singer (or singers) have no excuse to BE singing. Don't believe me? Check out &quot;Daddy Was a Rich Man&quot;. Or pretty much any of their songs. The lyrics are so ridiculous. I appreciate anti-political manifesto very much. The reason they are ridiculous is because they couldn't have made it more obvious that they don't know what they're talking about. All they do is whine. What's the matter, guys? Didn't mommy and daddy give you whatever you wanted? They wouldn't let you take the car out last night? What a joke! As is all punk rock with the exception of a select few who decide to rise above the punk cliche. You want angry music with actual TALENT? Listen to metal."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I was lucky enough to hear to original LP when I was younger as my father was a huge fan of the ever thoughtful and often melancholy genius of Drake. There's nothing I can add that hasn't already been said with one exception. The re-master of this album is showing its colors in that there is a noticeable gain hiss from the original session tapes. This may have been a problem to deal with in the late 90's when this was re-mastered and re-issued. But with todays \"de-hiss\" technology, it effectively eliminates this slight noise that blankets the entire album. They really should reconsider re-re-mastering this album, again, from the original tapes, and not from this master to make this a completely perfect album in both execution and final CD (or DVD Audio) pressed result."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's impossible to me, an educated 29 years-old south american man, describe the fellings that been brought to me by Five Leaves Left. As all Nick Drake's records we got here sadness, shyness, fragility and above it  all, beauty. But it's a new kind of beauty, which come from soul, and it's  not just coming from Drake's soul. This music makes our souls more  beautifull than before and I can't explain it with simple words. Songs like  River Man are modern opus of the century, with the strings floating over  the ground, made by Drake's voice and guitar, leading us to a state of  grace and compassion. I know it seems corny, but it's true. Buy this cd now  and be prepared to see the world by another perpective."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "nick drakes debut album sounds like the starting point for a lost cult legend. even though it's nicks first album, he sounds as though he has been recording his entire life. it's a very sad album (although not as sad as pink moon, mind you), but includes many more instruments than later works. there isn't a bad number on this entire album. every song is a work of art. nicks lyrics(even though they're much more like poetry) sound as though they were written in the 17th century. they really are works of genius and beauty, and nick was without a doubt, one of the greatest poets of the 20th century."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's debut album Five Leaves Left is a hauntingly beautiful album.  Mr. Drake's folk music is backed by the baroque sounds of chamber music.  This provides a lilting background to his deep, introspective lyrics.  Mr. Drake had problems with depression and there is a sense of melancholy that permeates the album, but not near the degree of his later album Pink Moon. &quot;Fruit Tree&quot;, &quot;Day Is Done&quot;, &quot;The Thoughts Of Mary Jane&quot; and &quot;Way To Blue&quot; stand out amongst an album's worth of stellar music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "this is a truly incredible debut. almost every track is exceptional. cello song is really beautiful,time has told me is another classic featuring great steel guitar work from richard thompson. way to blue has some great orchestration that is not overdone. three hours includes some intricate guitar. fruit tree shows the  profound mystery, beauty and tragedy of drake's tunes.  saturday sun is one of the greatest things he ever did, it seems to me that few people regard this jazzy piece as one of his all time best but it is. the vibes, piano, drums, and bass on that song are terrific, not to mention drake's excellent voice. the man was  definitely one of the greatest of songwriters it is too bad this didn't sell well enough to bring him the acclaim he so richly deserved. try bryter later and pink moon as well,  for there are lots of classics in drake's short catalogue."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Bryter Layter is Nick Drake working with expanded orchestrations.Five Leaves Lefthas subtle string, but here, horns and even female singers  are added.This almost sounds likeForever Changes, except that Love album ratiated Authur Lee as mastero, calling the shots. Drake seems to be a lone guitar player surrounded by adoring musicians on Bryrer Layer. His singing is mournful and self-effacing as ever.Which makes the album so effective. The musical buffer around Drakes subtle voice only highlights his poetic modesty as a singer. The contrast of his insinuating singing and the big shell of the arrangements works wonders. Listen to \"One Of These Things First,\"or \"Chime of the city clock.\"\"Poor Boy\" is a bit much. When the singers sing \"poor boy, feels sorry for himself,\" towards Drake, it underminds the depths of his sadness. The whole piece is a little mellowdramatic and insulting to Drake, who was struggling with a serious mental illness.But even this song is a good spin, and the album as a whole is top notch."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's a shame but I'm just listen to Drake's work by now, at 29. Here in Brazil we don't have these releases and the imported ones are the only solution for this &quot;bossa-nova syndrome&quot;. This album has great and  happy songs. Yes, happy songs. Drake sounds happy singing At The Chimes of  City Clock and others. But the great charm here is the similarity with the  most beautiful album ever made, Van Morrison's Astral Weeks. Horns, flutes,  acoustic instruments and an haunting voice under service of wonderful  compositions. There's no cut here (and on the others Nick's albums) less  than perfect. Seems Nick had &quot;the formula for the perfect songs that  make souls more bryter&quot;. Since I've heard Pink Moon, Five Leaves Left  and Bryter Later life has become a little more bryter than before. Thanks,  Nick, wherever you are now."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "To actually access the music of Nick Drake, you have to get past a lot of baggage: the biographical legend; the twee aesthetic, aptly signified by the blandly psychedelic cover, fey title and spelling; the voice, an adolescent-whisper-falsetto type thing when it's not trying to be Bob Dylan.  Once you do get past all that, the album is a vaguely pleasant, if indistinguishable, wash of folk pop, with unexpected instruments - cello, piano, harpsichord, sax etc. - keeping things interesting (some of the songs sound like an earnest Divine Comedy).  There is one stand-out track, however, 'Poor Boy', part-Jobim samba, part-Legrand French cafe pop, part-Stones gospel.  Its pop melancholy suggests where Drake's true talents lay."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the soft fingerpicked guitar at the beginning of introduction just gets you into this masterwork of an album. nick draakes second album is considered to be his masterpiece, and rightfully so. it is definetly his most up beat album, but thats to nick drakes standards. the album is full of beautiful poetry, nicks humble fingerpicked guitar playing, lush instrumentation, and even horns. northern sky, fly, and hazey jane 1 are probably 3 of the greatest songs ever written by anyone. if you are new to nick, this should be the second album you pick up, after pink moon. but all three of his albums should be in everyones colection"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The closest thing to a mainstream album that Nick ever recorded. There's even a near-rocker (\"Hazy Janey II\"), albeit one in Nick's usual somber style. I actually don't think this is nearly as good as the previous record or the next one: a bunch of weak instrumentals (title track; \"Sunday\"; \"Fly\"), and \"Poor Boy\" is the closest to overproduced Drake gets. Regardless, there are several fantastic songs: \"Hazy Janey II\" and its psychedelic-folk counterpart, \"Hazy Janey I\"; \"At the Chime of a City Clock\", which is some good jazzy stuff; \"One of Those Things First\" is charming but slightly rambling; and \"Northern Sky\" is one of the most resonant pieces in Drake's catalogue, which is saying something. So it's slightly uneven, but the best songs make it very worthwhile."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is just a CD you've got to have.  Once you've gotten to know it, you'll start hearing Drake's influences in musician after musician who knows what he/she is doing.  Beck, Robyn Hitchcock, Jim White, Lucinda Williams, David Byrne, Vic Chesnutt.  That's just for starters. The list of people who cite Nick Drake as an influence goes on and on. Once you get this CD, you'll want to dig into Drake's entire catalog, which, unfortunately, is only 3 or 4 official albums.  Amazing musician who made an incredible splash in his short life and limited number of recordings."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the key Nick Drake album to get, with its excellent production values, and fully realized arrangements.  He's in great voice, and each song gets a sensitive treatment, whether its sonorous strings, or a bopping horn section, or a quiet bluesy piano.  The sax on At the Chime of a City Clock it is worth the price of admission.  Sad he couldn't hold it together enough to make more music--sad he died so young, but many in his era's British folk scene suffered, too.  This album is haunting AND optimistic--just listen to Hazy Jane II.  A classic which creates a mood from the first to the last track."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's &quot;Bryter Layter&quot; is an awesome CD, my favorite song on this CD is &quot;Fly&quot;.  I love this song it is soft, simple, light, and exceptionally mellow. It reminds me of water, because it is cool and crisp of extreme necessity. It drenches and washes the soul freeing and setting it free -- kind of like a fly.I find this CD to be the best that I have ever heard. I love groups like Bread, Ambrosia, and Fleetwood Mac. Mr. Drake definitely had his on sound and nobody . . . I do not think that anyone could ever produce such lovely music as he did. I wish that he could have produced more. Either way what he left behind was indeed a legacy.I am truly blessed by listening to such music that inspires the senses and the heart.  Mr. Drake's music is truly touching and soothing to the soul . . ."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's second album, Bryter Layter, is the &quot;lightest&quot; sounding of the three he released during his lifetime.  While not happy by any means, there is a breezy sound that flows throughout the album that adds a lighter touch to such brooding tracks as &quot;Fly&quot;, &quot;Poor Boy&quot; and the two &quot;Hazy Jane&quot; songs.  The standout track on the album is the incredible &quot;At The Chime Of A City Clock&quot; which digs at the depths of the man and he confessionally lays his thoughts on the table.  Another striking album from the troubled yet talented singer."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "i think this could be his best album- i think the best tracks on the first album might be better than the best ones here- but overall bryter layter is probably the better of the two. i defy anyone, and i mean anyone, in rock n' roll today to write something as perfect and as beautiful as, say, fly or at the chime of a city clock. drake's voice and guitar work, as well as the beautiful orchestrations of robert kirby and guest appearances by john cale and fairport convention members, among others make this a lush and truly incredible album, nearly every track is a classic. this timeless album is like all of drake's catalogue-essential. he just may be the best post dylan singer songwriter , and certainly until recently an underrated and unsung figure ."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There are three eseential Nick Drake albums:Five Leaves Leftwith its chamber folk,Bryter Layterwith its huge arrangements. and Pink Moon.Pink Moon is bassically Drake on solo accustic guitar. But Drake was no strummer. His complex composing and full guitar playing--he could strum, pick, and almost orchestrate with a simple accustic--make these full songs, rich in sound like jazz classical minitures.The sad Drake alone is a whisful, poiniant experiance, and listening to the beatiful music on Pink Moon is a trip like few others--queiting and disquieting, sad and comforting.Essential"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pink Moon is the one of the most revealing folk/singer-songwriter records out there..which is odd, because the lyrics are impenetrably nonsensical. I think the reason Pink Moon is such an emotionally stirring record are Drake's melodies and the intimate recording style; as well, the strange guitar tunings provide the mystique necessary to buffer the lyrics' surrealist imagery. The magic of this album is in it's less-is-more approach that conveys Drake's mental state at the time. A fitting elegy for one of folk-rock's most talented, and troubled, songwriters."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Have you seen that Volkswagon commercial where those college looking co-eds look like their going on a road trip at night, and then lay on the roof of their car and look up at the stars. Well if you have, you probably did , or didn't now that Nick Drake's 'Pink Moon' was playing in the background. 'Pink Moon' was Drake's last album; originally forgotten by  mainstream music fans, is now a testament to what a true artist is.You could listen to this recording 1000 times in a row and not get tired of it, and probably hear something different everytime. The album itself is a melancholy, moody, sort of naive triumph.Although Drake's premature death of an overdose of antidepressants took down a genius in his prime, we still have his great recordings; such as 'Pink Moon', and just wonder, what if."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's impossible listen to Pink Moon without tears in the eyes. Drake's would be dead months later and music would be in the listeners minds forever. But the sound made by that 25 years-old englishman with his words  and single guitar remains stronger than poetry, than VW commercials (that I  didn't and I won't see here in Brazil), than all the simple things. This  disc is a statement of life and how big it can be, Drake is saying death is  possible. And only someone who knew the life can say it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I thought with all the new found attention the song is getting (due to the very nice VW commercial) I'd add this to my reviews.This is a classic collection of short, soft-folk driven music with amazing guitars and lyrics  to die for. It's certainly is nice to see everyone finding out about his  music...finally. Artists like Belle and Sebastian certainly have Nick to  thank for their own style here in the new century. Like Ian Curtis after  him, Nick was a genius for the ages. He was a more dark artistic type a  songwriter, one who was simply a special unique voice way before his time  or ours.please feel free to check out my other reviews."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the greatest folk records out there. Not much else needs to be said. We lost a genius to an overdose. Not really appreciated in his time but this record will stand forever as long as it is available to listen to. The stark and fluid guitar work is contrasted with a voice so soothing, so troubled, and so damning of the culture around it. I can't really say much more. This record is an outstanding piece from one of our greatest musicians. The remastered tracks sound every bit as good as they should. Perfection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Pink Moon\"(1972)...is the 3rd and final recording we were blessed with by Nick Drake...This album consists of Nick alone-vocals,acoustic guitar and piano-where on his previous releases \"Five Leaves Left\"(1969) and \"Bryter Layter\"(1970)...he was accompanied by studio musicians, also featuring John Cale, and with bass and string arrangements provided by the Excellent Robert Kirby...Pink Moon is an essential piece of music history...and will be forever recognized as some of Nick's finest work...Although ANY of the [3] albums are sure to please...I own all [3] and would be lost without them...How strange that Nick died in 1974...5 years(leaves)after the album \"Five Leaves Left\" was released...He is sadly missed-a poet, a wisened old soul who died at an all too early age...yet the perfect age to preserve who and what he was."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pink Moon will always hold a special place in my heart. Not only was this my first introduction to the Artist. But was also my first CD exchange with a dear friend. The ramifications of emotions and memories this album brings are at times overwhelming.This Album embodies all I ever wanted to achieve, and all that I have.In the most simple definition Pink Moon represents the true shape of music. Music in its purest form and most beautiful shade.Recorded over two nights in October 1971. Nobody knew he was making an album. He turned in the master tapes and proclaimed \"I have no more songs left to sing\".This is just a man and his guitar. No more, no less. This is not about making a statement, creating greatness, or re-designing the laws of music. But merely an expression. And that is what music should be.Is so easy to indulge ourselves with production details and ideals. That we forget what true music should be."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I, too was shocked and amazed (and a little saddened)to hear Nick's Pink Moon used to shill for automobiles, and I can't help but wonder what people will make of this if they buy it because of the TV ad...this could most  accurately be described as &quot;uneasy listening&quot;, on a par with Neil  Young's &quot;Tonight's The Night&quot; and I would instead recommend  Bryter Layter for the uninitiated. However, this is my personal favorite  Drake LP, so yes, buy this one too, so you can discover what a very select  few have known for years...that Nick Drake was a major talent and the world  is a poorer place for his passing."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I was a latecomer into Nick Drake's music. As many other people, I re-discovered him \"thanks\" to the media hype of recent times. And boy am I happy I did! Nick Drake's music combines the best elements of folk and brit psychodelia.When I listen to Drake, besides entering a peaceful state where I feel in perfect communion with the rest of the universe, I remember music from Jeff Buckley, Elliott Smith (both, no longer among us as well), Rufus Wainwright and even Cat Stevens...Sad thing, how after thirty years of his passing, a commercial may bring his music back to life, some say. Me, I feel it's all just fine: Nick's posthumous album brings 1972 all back, with one mellow tune after another in 2004 or any other year you choose to play it, making it the perfect soundtrack to ride to and back from work, write to or quite simply... sit back and let go."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "of course it is..you know that.my first exposure to a nick drake songwas sebadoh's cover of pink moonback in the 90's.for whatever reason i didnt really listen to nick himselfuntil 2007 when i was working at night by myselflistening to a playlist of hundreds of songs made by other coworkers,and this record came on the speakers.i think id always known id get it eventually.i think i had to grow up alot to really get it.now i feel i do more and more.a short perfect quiet melancholy record.very little going on, nothing but what's absolutely necessary.anyway, get it if you love music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I listen to alot of music and performers/song writers. I've read reviews of Nick Drake for awhile now and thought, \"I have to get his cd's and check him out.\"  So I bought a copy of Pink Moon.  I've listened to it many of times now to try and get what lots of other people are getting from him, but to no avail.  I'm sorry, but it's just a lame cd to me.  I'm going to stick with the more dynamic songwriting Nick; Nick Cave."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake-Pink Moon ****1/2Pink Moon is one of the most alluring albums in the history of music. Both dark and ominous and yet somehow either hits you as a incredibly hopeful piece of music or the bleakest track listing this side of Big Stars THIRD album.With songwriting so sharp and poetic it drives you nuts and encapsulates you with each listen. Acoustic guitar work to write home about combining to make a sheer classic.Pink Moon is an album for all times, moods, and most importantly all collections."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is the most perfect 30 minutes you could buy.It is one whole suite not individual songs; each new song intensifying the last.PINK MOON opens and comes as a warning &quot;its gonna get you all&quot;.  What follows are songs that capture emotions indescribable, Pure Blues.  HORN is minimal to say the least, single notes express thoughts clearly.The last 3 songs are my favorite, Drake's guitar playing is excellent on these.  I cannot imagine how it is just him playing one acoustic guitar and thats it.  There is so much more going on.  His finger picking and the tone that he gets from his guitar are almost impossible to replicate.  Combined with his voice and lyrical interplay its just brilliant.Listening to this record is like a wiping clean all stresses and problems in your life.  Pure and Simple melodies to soothe your soul."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Apparently, a lot of modern young musicians have looked to Nick Drake for inspiration. That sense of despair, that sense of loneliness, irrelevance, that kind of thing... Maybe that's one reason why they walk around like tramps, loud-mouthed and stupid. The search for individuality has surely drifted into the hands of ignorant swine.By Pink Moon stage, Nick Drake had drifted into isolation and heavy depression. But the sound of Pink Moon is not crushingly depressing nor is it tediously claustrophobic.The album has an overall quality of sound. Some bits are higher tempo and, so, more uplifting. The instrument playing is precise, like Drake's voice, carrying the listener over desolate hills and stillwater beaches. I can't really pick out the highlights because it's like taking the chicks away from the mother hen.Pink Moon is worth more than a listen. It deserves to be thought of as a beautiful, melancholic, classic on anybody's list."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's final album, Pink Moon, was recorded over the span of two days.  Unlike his first two albums, which contained backing of strings, woodwinds and keyboards, Pink Moon is stripped down to bone.  Mr. Drake's expressive guitar takes center stage and the bleak arrangements feed the depressive lyrics.  The title has become famous thanks to its inclusion in a Volkswagon, but it is only one of many stellar tracks.  &quot;Things Behind The Sun&quot;, &quot;From The Morning&quot;, &quot;Road&quot;, &quot;Harvest Breed&quot; and &quot;Rise&quot; all contain dark, brooding, deep and thought provoking lyrics that show a man with clear inner demons."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "nick drake pink moonnick drake-guitar-pianoproducerthat's all who was in the studio in the time of making this acoustic classic how can such beauty come from such raw elements i can tell you, because nick drake had talent, and he presented himself well in his vocals, his guitar playing and his lyricsyeah to some people the lyrics may sound naive and childlike but to me they are simple for a fact of getting a point across,and the instrumental horn is a superb track in a middle of a masterpieceafter you've got this get \"five leaves left\"features the classic \"river man\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought a Nick Drake album once before &amp; was really disappointed by the arrangements.  Lots of strings... couldn't really listen to it.  Then I picked up Pink Moon.  WOW!  This is what all the fuss is about.  Unique, acoustic, mellow &amp; beautiful.  If you are at all interested in Nick Drake get Pink Moon first &amp; you'll be hooked.  This is a great album &amp; I've got to admit that it was that VW add that made me give Nick Drake another shot... really a mellow classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "yes, this is a sad and eerie record . i must admit that i prefer the first two nick drake albums, but this is a fine album in its own right. my favorite songs are things behind the sun and parasite. know is also excellent, a weird  little blues cut with ominous and powerful strumming by drake and  a few deceptively simple words. a majestic and rather creepy release from perhaps the greatest of the late 60's early 70s singer songwriters. and as always, his voice, arrangements and words are eerie,haunting ,and touching. highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album had such a reputation that I could not miss it. What I must say, this is not for people who enjoy bubblegum hummable top 40 tunes; or most other people I'm sad to say. The songs are tuneless, melancholic droning without any distinct structure. Pink Moon is the only redeemable track. Nick Drake the 'tortured' genius the legend has become intertwine with his music so that its not his talent alone, but the sad story of his premature death which has carried this decidedly mediocre record.If you're into depressing music then Elliott Smith offers much more listenable fare. At least his songs have beautiful melody, harmonies, instrumentals.etc."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pink Moon, Nick Drake's final album before his unfortunate death, is a masterpiece. Recorded during midnight sessions on consecutive nights, Nick Drake sat in a studio with himself and producer Joe Boyd. The only thing that accompanies Drake's voice is the silent playing of his acoustic guitar (and piano on the title track, Pink Moon.) As Drake plunged deeper into depression, he expressed himself by recording the bleak Pink Moon, which stands today as one of the most underrated albums by one of the most underrated singer-songwirters in history. Recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For the era in which I was interested, 1968-1973, this CD was great because it had every Bobby Goldsboro song that ever charted then, to my knowledge. Some really great-sounding songs, especially for singers looking for acoustic guitar songs to play solo, are &quot;The Straight Life&quot; (1968), &quot;I'm A Drifter&quot; (1969), and &quot;Summer&quot; (1973). Minor complaints: (1) I'm pretty sure this recording of &quot;I'm A Drifter&quot; fades out several seconds earlier than the original single version did. (2) A very large percentage of these songs are irritatingly trite and mawkish, especially his earlier material, even big hits like &quot;Honey&quot; and later hits like &quot;Watching Scotty Grow.&quot; I never noticed that before, but that's why I gave 4 stars instead of 5."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "i had this review completely written when my power went out a few hours ago. and you know how frustrating it is to try to write something over by memory, so i won't. basically, i was disappointed by this album because i love self and was expecting their debut to sound really fresh and exciting and creative, but it's frankly not as good as their &quot;breakthrough&quot; album--if it can be called such--breakfast with girls. and of course, nothing tops their recorded-using-only-toy-instruments off-the-wall masterpiece gizmodgery, which everyone in the world should own (i recently sold my copy for 27 bucks at half.com...it's out of print, and i'm counting on it being rereleased relatively soon). anyway, subliminal plastic motives sounds like a fifth album, tired, uninspired, and while self had definitely already established the roots of their unique electropop sound, it wouldn't achieve ultimate fruition until the 2nd or 3rd album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Self is one of the most innovative pop-rock bands of the 90's and it's a damn shame to see Mike never broke out into the mainstream.  Subliminal Plastic Motives, while not his best album (that goes to Gizmodgery which was made only using toy instruments), it's probably the best for a new fan to get.Musically the album contains everything from Power pop and jazz to hip hop influenced beats and Nirvana guitar progressions.  The way Mike uses each instrument is amazing, I especially love how he uses keyboards and pianos.  Plus vocally he's killer, very warm and inviting.  Some of my favorite tracks off the album are the single So Low, Borateen, Big Important Nothing (which features amazing jazzy keyboards), and Cannon."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is absolutely perfect.  Every song is great in every way; the songwriting, musicianship and attitude are all just right and compliment each other perfectly.  Elvis Costello may be dignified and old now, but anybody who's heard this album knows just how punk he was back in the day.  Just listen to the lyrics on \"Lipstick Vogue\" or \"No Action\"...you don't wanna mess with this guy.  Also, he's the only person who has EVER looked good in those glasses."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Though it was his second studio album, it contains so many classics that it could be called a greatest hits album.  &quot;Radio Radio,&quot; &quot;This Year's Girl,&quot; &quot;The Beat&quot; and &quot;I Don't Want to Go to Chelsea&quot; were some of the top songs of the new wave.  They sound just as full of spit and vitriol today as they did almost a quarter century ago.  It was amazing to hear Elvis finally do &quot;Radio Radio&quot; on SNL, backed up by the Beastie Boys!  If you're wondering when Elvis was actually &quot;cruel,&quot; listen to this masterpiece!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If only for the great bonus live disc. I am sure they could have just released the concert on its own and sold it out many times over. Like another reviewer suggested, this is even more thrilling than the El Mocambo concert disc, but they could've fixed that also by releasing the entire Mocambo show, un-edited. Setlists being similar, we probably don't need both, but heck, Elvis could release them anyway. A whole passel of live show releases would be nice, for that matter...Docked one star only because the bonus material on the first disc has already been reissued."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you are in a party mood, this is definitely a record to play. The variation between tracks is not that great but that is not the most critical issue hear because most of the songs are really good.  The extra  tracks add soemthing sepcial especially the last three acoustic ones as I  never pictured Elvis as an acoustic artist.  He does quite well in that  realm.  However, Pump It Up, Lip Service, and No Action are my three faves  on this one.  Elvis really puts alot of effort into this one and that will  make it a good deal for most record collections."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Costello's first album, MY AIM IS TRUE, was perfect. His second album, THIS YEAR'S MODEL, is even better. On this album, all of the sexual tension that had been built up on his debut gets released. Just take a look at the  song titles. This album is very much about sex. Fortunately, Costello is  literate enough that he doesn't have to stoop to using graphic language.  Instead, he uses all sorts of similies and metaphors. This album just  explodes with energy. Also, this album serves as a wonderful transition  from his first album, MY AIM IS TRUE, to his third album, ARMED FORCES."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Costello's second album continues in the same vein as his debut, angry tales of love, lust, and sheer pent up frustration. Dominated by Steve Nieve's organ, this CD is more polished than Costello's debut, but it feels a little over produced compared to the stripped down sound of his first release. Despite this the songs still create a sense of tension rarely found in anyone's music. &quot;Radio, Radio&quot; may be one of the greatest songs ever about the idea of &quot;popular music&quot; and its effect on us all and the double play of &quot;The Beat&quot; and &quot;Pump It Up&quot; sums up teen years pretty well. Costello is a truly original talent and this CD shows him during the early years, still coming to grips with many of the same ideas and fears that faced his liteners. This review is of the original American recording)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This second album by Elvis Costello is far better than My Aim is True, in my opinion. The tunes are more immediate with much more of a pop flavour whilst the music is also more rhythmically varied and compelling. It marks the transition to his wonderfully accessible Armed Forces masterpiece.There is even a reggae beat in (I Don't Want To Go To) Chelsea and a ballad with lovely piano - Little Triggers. My favourites on the original disc are the up-tempo Pump It Up, You Belong To Me and the poignant This Year's Girl, plus of course the pulsating Radio Radio with its subversive lyrics. Night Rally is somewhat dark and disturbing.The second disc includes a wealth of previously unreleased tracks, demo tracks, live and alternative versions. Not all of these alternate takes are as gripping as the familiar versions but they are certainly interesting and worthwhile, demonstrating various facets of his extraordinary musicianship."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you love music you must obtain this cd period. Every cut is fantastic. Standouts include Pump it Up with its throbing punkish traits, Lip Stick Vogue  with its defiently witty lyrics \"Sometimes i almost feel like a human\" , Living in Paradise with its full bodied sound, Radio, Radio \"You better shup up or get cut out\", a live version of NEAT NEAT NEAT, i could list every trac the cd is that good. It was a important album when it came out giving early clues to who the true king of rock and roll is... a man named Elvis after all. WARNING dont buy this album unless you want to be blown away with an album from 1978 that is as fresh today as it way when it was the day it was pressed into an LP.  An essential album not only of Costello but of Rock."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Rhino Records and Elvis Costello deserve high praise for this re-release. This two cd set contains the original album on the first disc and a second disc of outtakes, live versions and an odd couple of songs- all of fairly high quality. Accompanying the two cds is an essay by Elvis Costello commenting on the songs and the history behind their inclusion or exclusion in the case of the second cd.This Years model features a young Elvis Costello fresh from his Saturday Night Live \"Radio Radio\" era. The cd is full of quirk energy, clever lyrics and youthful anger. From first song to last there isn't a bad tune.  The additional cd contains the lost \"Big Tears\" which Costello explains should have been included in the original album. Also in the second cd are live versions and a cover of the Damned \"Neat Neat Neat\". This album and the half dozen or more to follow were among the most influential music being made by the Punk/New Wave . Great stuff."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I go waaaaay back with Bruce, back when his albums were all hard-to-find imports. I stopped buying him after the disappointment of BIG CIRCUMSTANCE...and NOTHING BUT...and DART TO THE HEART. Seems like he was still writing great music but I wasn't connecting with it.So I'm catching up and re-listening to everything after WORLD OF WONDERS. And realize I'm not missing much. As always, his lyrics are exceptional but this is a dreary, monotone album where he &#34;speak sings&#34; pretty much throughout. &#34;Pacing the Cage&#34; is the &#34;old Bruce&#34; and a great, great song.The rest lacks hooks, melodies or refrains. Best to sit back and slip on the headphones and listen to his stories. You won't sing along but at least you're listening to an artist. Not at all at the top of his game though."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The world of Charity of Night seems one of fear and blindness, of mob hits (\"Charity of Night\") and prison, whether of the heart (\"Pacing the Cage\") or of metal (\"Night Train\", \"Birmingham Shadows\"), of police states and dissidents.  But the lyrics and the music itself points to a hope beyond the darkness, although certainly one of Cockburn's intentions is, Brecht-like, to create enough angst in us to not forget that there is a world rife with....well, what shall we call it? Terror?  Sin?  Bad Guys?  beyond our speakers. Bruce is a superb musician and his voice is haunting.  A jewel among the Cockburn collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Elvis Costello is one of the music world's smartest artists. He also has a gift for finding the greatest musicians. The bassist, Bruce Thomas, is the most innovative rock player I've ever heard. Elvis' thoughtful lyrics are perfectly suited to his driving band.Unlike most artists, Elvis Costello has an excess of ideas in most songs. He also writes far too many songs. The extra tracks written at the same time are very good and are thankfully included here. Hats off to Rykodisc for treating this artist with the respect he deserves by reissuing these recordings properly. Other record labels should learn alot from them.[DW]"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I heard this album when it first was released and was totally impressed. I had to go and buy the two that were released prior to this one and have bought each new realease that followed. Although I'm not crazy about \"Almost Blue\" ,  \"Painted from Memory\" or that album with Sofie Von Otter. (Sorry Sofie, your a terrific singer....)The rest have been great and I still think that Goodbye Cruel World is terrific. I played it a lot when it was first released and still listen to it.The review from above:\"Armed Forces was the last title in a trilogy of albums that rank with the greatest three-LP series in pop-rock history. In retrospect, it also now appears to be the one on which the young Costello's pop tendencies peaked, right before they began to \"mature\" and grow less accessible. \"What about \"Get Happy\"??? I thought that album was very accessible!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This disk represented a radical change for Elvis Costello, as he and the Attractions moved from the bare raw sound of \"This Year's Model\" toward more layers and orchestration.  Elvis states that they were listening to ABBA on the bus, but do not hold that against them.  The cascading piano and layered keys on \"Accident's Will Happen\" and \"Oliver's Army\" still spit with bile of the angry young man.  Sparse arrangements, like \"Moods for Moderns\", \"Senior Servitude\", and \"Green Shirt\" are mixed in, giving the disk a complex series of shifting moods.  Nick Lowe's influence, as demonstrated by \"Two Little Hitlers\" (Nick had recorded a tune called \"Little Hitler\" about the same time) as well as Elvis' definitive cover of Nick Lowe's \"What So Funny (About Peace, Love and Understanding)\" shine throughout the release.  Listen to the complicated word play and lyrical mastery throughout the disk.  A must have!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With Nick Lowe producing, Armed Forces turned out to be an album of very catchy tunes, which masks the acerbic tone of the lyrics.The arrangements are especially great on songs like Busy Bodies, Green Shirt and Big Boys. My favorite track is the lilting ballad Oliver's Army, but every single song has a unique pop appeal.Costello is amongst the most literate and versatile of rock musicians and especially on this album, the tight writing and clear melodies are prominent, whilst The Attractions must be the best band he ever recorded with.The new tracks include alternate versions and live recordings, demonstrating his magic as a performer. Armed Forces is a classic of late 1970s punk rock, but has always been accessible to pop fans and timeless in its melodious appeal."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "EXCELLENT!!! THIS IS ELVIS COSTELLO AND THE ATTRACTIONS VENTURE INTO COUNTRY MUSIC. THIS IS A LEGENDARY DOUBLE DISC CD. IT WAS PRODUCED BY THE LEGENDARY NASHVILLE PRODUCER BILLY SHERRIL.DISC ONE YOU GET 12 GREAT SONGS! SOME HIGHLIGHTS: \"WHY DON'T YOU LOVE ME LIKE YOU USED TO DO\" (A HANK WILLIAMS CLASSIC),\"I'M YOUR TOY\" (HOT BURRITO #1 - THIS IS THE GRAM PARSON'S FLYING BURITTO BROTHERS CLASSIC)!DISC TWO: 27 SONGS: HIGHLIGHTS: \"STRANGER IN THE HOUSE\" WITH GEORGE JONES,\"WE OUGHTA BE ASHAMED\" WITH JOHNNY CASH!, BOTH OF THESE ARE STUDIO RECORDINGS. YOU ALSO GET 7 MORE LIVE SONGS THEN MORE STUDIO SONGS THEN 5 MORE \"LIVE\" SONGS RECOREDED AT LEGENDARY PALOMINO CLUB, IT INCLUDES A LIVE VERSION OF \"I'M YOU TOY - THE FLYING BURITTO BROTHERS CLASSIC!THIS IS GREAT ONE FOLKS, AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT, IF YOU CAN FIND ONE AVAILABLE!!! THIS IS GREAT \"COUNTRY ROCK\" OR \"COSMIC AMERICAN MUSIC\" AS THE LEGENDARY GRAMS PARSONS WOULD CALL IT!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For all you Costello completists out there, DO NOT toss your Rykodisc copy once you get this new Rhino version.  There are two \"Live in Aberdeen\" tracks on the Ryko pressing that did not get carried over onto the new one.As for the record itself, when I first bought the vinyl 20+ years ago, I knew very few of the songs and had none of the original versions.  Now I have almost all of them, as well as a deep appreciation for country music.  I have Elvis and my wife to thank for that!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love country music -- the real stuff -- the kind Elvis attempts here. I also love Elvis Costello; for the past week, I have listened incessantly to his collaboration with Burt Bacharach, \"Painted From Memory.\"*So with that as a perspective, I have to say that this may be the weakest effort in the entire Elvis catalog. Getting Billy Sherrill in Nashville surely was the right thing to do, but these songs don't click, and about none of these covers can stand along side the original. I can't specifically carp about the playing or the vocals, but where they fail is in capturing the heart, the spirit, the feel of country music. They sound too much like an experiment. Years later, Van Morrison, another giant, would fail in a similar effort.*For sure, this is not a \"bad\" album, but there are 20 better collections that Elvis has recorded and thousands of better country albums."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As others have written here, this is the album that bridges Elvis v1.0 and Declan v1.0.  Whether it's the masterpiece where black and white turns to color (i.e. The Beatles' Revolver) is often debated.  For my money, this is the best that Elvis/Dec would do for at least the next 15 years - his subsequent work, IMHO, being dabblings in this genre or that.This would have been 5 stars, but my ears are STILL bleeding from the horrible, early digital on the original release mastered on the \"CBS Discomputer.\"  Rhino has done an admirable job of de-digitizing this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The mix sounds a little different for this edition -- which is something I haven't quite made up my mind about just yet -- but the real find here are the rare tracks found on the bonus disc, which range from brilliant (an early, more vemonous take of \"You Little Fool\"; a completely altered \"Little Savage\"), to weird-but-enlightening (\"The Land of Give and Take\"; rough, early run-throughs of \"Man Out of Time\").  All things considered, this is essential listening for the Costellophile and a great way to kill a few hours.  Or years."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's commonly agreed that 'Goodbye' is not one of Costello's better efforts.  I concur, but must confess enjoyment of two songs that are generally cursed by EC purists:  'I Wanna Be Loved' and 'Only Flame in Town'.While not lyrically compelling, I find the songs musically enjoyable.  Love the strange synth feel to 'Wanna' and even the sax solo.  The demo version of 'Only Flame' on EC's 'All This Useless Beauty' bonus disc is superior to the standard recording here.  Costello originally seems to have conceived the song as a 50s style slow dance number.  It's kitschy but fun!'The Comedians', also recorded by the late Roy Orbison, is about the only other cut of significant interest.  Like 'Only Flame', the demo version of this song on Rhino's 'All This Useless Beauty' bonus disc is better than the one here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Punch The Clock was an attempt to court the pop charts that worked. Goodbye Cruel World was the hideous follow-up. The only decent songs of note were the duet with Daryl Hall, &quot;The only flame in town&quot; and  &quot;I wanna be loved&quot;, with Green from Scritti Politti on backing  vocals, with maybe &quot;Joe Porterhouse&quot; an honorable mention (it  didn't become a really good song until he turned it into &quot;(I love you)  When you sleep&quot; for Tracie's Paul Weller-produced debut LP).The  ponderousness that has marred much of Costello's material ever since starts  with the Impostor single &quot;Peace in our time&quot; - and we've been  suffering the consequences ever since. Get everything up through Punch The  Clock, and then punch the clock."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I will defer to all the laudatory comments listed here.  I had one observation, however, regarding this new version by Rhino vs. the previous, also-excellent version by Rykodisc.The final track on the Ryko CD was \"A Town Called Big Nothing (Really Big Nothing)\", a wonderful, 5-minute+ little gem originally writen for a Alex Cox film that featured Costello's father on trumpet.However, it is NOT included on the new Rhino CD. This is a curious and unfortunate omission, so FYI to all who are considering replacing the Ryko's.  Perhaps Rhino will include it on one of the future Costello releases.(UPDATE: The track never made it to any of the Rhino releases.  It now only appears on The Singles Volume 3 set.)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love E.C., I love the Attractions, I love Nick Lowe, so I was SO excited when this came out, as it was so hot on the heels of King of America. I was actually disappointed with King of America (it has improved with age, like  a fine wine), so I saw this as an obvious attempt to return to the  fantastic form of his pre-Punch the Clock days. As I listened, I was so let  down. I thought this album was a noisy mess with weak songs. As time  passed, I thought perhaps I'd been subverted by my own high expectations,  so I bought the Ryko reissue and gave it another chance. Well, my opinion  hasn't changed. It's still a struggle to listen to this album, possibly  even more so as my ears have aged and the mid-range heavy production grates  more than ever. I hate to say it, but I'd rather listen to Goodbye Cruel  World than this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After a couple of years of more subtle work, Elvis Costello reteamed with the Attractions for a fierce, angry release, Blood &amp; Chocolate.  With producer extrodinaire Nick Lowe again manning the board, Mr. Costello spewed forth venomous songs based around his recent divorce.  &quot;I Hope You're Happy Now&quot; sums up the overall tone of the album.  &quot;Tokyo Storm Warning&quot; is a blistering extended jam, while &quot;Honey Are You Straight Or Are You Blind?&quot; is a frenetically paced rocker that harkened back to the band's late 70's sound.  &quot;I Want You&quot; is a song that conveys Mr. Costello's longing for his lost relationship. Despite the overall angry tone, the album closes with &quot;Next Time Round&quot; which shows a more wizened man that will learn from his mistakes."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Man this is one great blues guitar album! It may be listed under Albert Collins, but this is a true collaboration. Robert Cray really shines here and is much bluesier then you will find him on his own albums. All three share in the vocal duties and the guitar solos.  No one plays over each other - it's a great collaboration that results in a great album.  Just listen to the first cut and you will get a good taste of what is in store.  Buy it and enjoy."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Albert Collins and Johnny Copeland were two of the pioneers of Texas blues, and major influences to the late Stevie Ray Vaughan. These two guys work their magic on this CD, and bring on a young bluesman named Robert Cray. These guys just seem to have fun with this CD, never trying to outdo each other. Great riffs in the leadoff track &quot;T-Bone Shuffle&quot;, harmonica on &quot;Bring Your Fine Self Home&quot;, lyrics in &quot;Black Cat Bone&quot; (hear Johnny Copeland yelling &quot;Hey Albert!&quot;) and the last track &quot;Blackjack&quot; where each does a tremendous guitar solo. Cray, of course, is now a major talent in his own right, and Johnny Copeland lives on in a way in his daughter Shemekia Copeland's music, but here is a playful, low-key yet powerful, piece of work from some of the masters of electric blues. Highly recommended for serious blues fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Showdown is one of the top two or three blues guitar collaborations of all time. Albert Collins, Johnny Copeland, and Robert Cray, all on one record? Unbelievable. But that's what happened, and the result was magic.All three get a chance to show their chops, and all three were on top of their blues guitar game recording this record. The energy, skill, and unbridled joy at performing with talented musicians always brings the best out from other talented musicians. Every cut is excellent.It's a shame that Showdown could have been repeated more often than twice. Both Collins and Copeland are gone, leaving Cray to find other blues greats to jam with, but we will always have Showdown to remember when."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ms. Baez has a pure, crystalline voice that is an instrument unto itself. You will know what I mean when you hear her sing \"Waggoner's Lad\" without accompaniment. This is quickly followed up by some achingly beautiful folk songs, such as \"The Trees They Do Grow High\", \"The Lily of the West\", and \"Silkie\". Wham Bam... before you know it, you are hooked!This extraordinary CD originally ended  with \"Plaisir D'Amour\", which is a beautiful love song and, sung by Ms. Baez, one that will not be easily forgotten. This released, which has remastered the original recording, now has three additional bonus tracks that are pleasant additions to an already marvelous musical experience.  This is simply a wonderful CD, and if you are not already a fan of Ms. Baez, it will quickly make you into one. She is, undoubtedly, a national treasure."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Listening to \"In Concert\" today, I am struck by Joan Baez's keen ability to interpret these beautiful folk songs.  She truly was in her element.  More than that \"achingly pure soprano,\" she was able to convey the drama, the pathos, and the sheer longing of the lyrics.  Just listening to her performance of \"Matty Groves,\" I can get so drawn in to the song that I can visualize the proceedings.  She was also a very accomplished and talented guitar player.  Joan Baez had a tremendous impact on American popular music and you can hear why in this recording."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This bluegrass homage to Bob Dylan is surprisingly lively and fresh and (oddly enough) one of O'Brien's best, most straightforwardly bluegrass-y solo albums. Scott Nygaard, Jerry Douglas and others pitch in on this good-natured album, spearheaded by the longtime Hot Rize mandolinist, who has since gone on into more high-concept blue/newgrass terrain.  Here, O'Brien connects with Dylan's original old-timey influences, straightening out some of the kooky kinks Dylan had put into folk music, back in his 'Sixties heyday, and transforming classic tunes such as &quot;Maggie's Farm&quot; and &quot;Tombstone Blues&quot; into straightforward, galloping bluegrass breakdowns.  Nice to hear this music coming full circle back to its roots!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Paris is one of the many hip-hip artist from the early 1990's that didnt get alot of airplay, and mainly sold records on word of mouth. Let me tell you that even though Paris's other releases aren't as strong as this, \"The Devil Made me Do It\" has flavor that most hip-hop has lost today, and that is dealing with racial tensions, political issues, and Black History (ex..Black Panthers) The beats are also mind blowing, and this album is very Hard for the time that it was released. Even though the album is somewhat dated, it still is a treasure, and I hope people that are infactuated with todays hip-hop could take a few steps back and pick up an album of such importance. This CD belongs in EVERYONES collection. Its that good! (i only gave if 4 stars because even though it is a classic, there are some poor filler tunes here) ENJOY"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's the Hip hop's hair doo master Coolio on a debut album, my locc Coolio went from B.G. to Locc'sta from Compton, CA aka the CPT. Like I said on my review from Gangsta's Paradice, Coolio be blowin' on some Indo or some other type of funky gangee, because Coolio was the locc who released the ultimate house party groove Fantastic Voyage by far Coolio's dopest hit, County Line is a far out Dope song by my locc, Ghetto Cartoon is a funny cartoonished song with funny lyrics, and my locc has another good one called Ugly Bitches, what!? It's a true song by my locc Coolio."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's the Hip hop's hair doo master Coolio on a debut album, my locc Coolio went from B.G. to Locc'sta from Compton, CA aka the CPT.  Like I said on my review from Gangsta's Paradice, Coolio be blowin' on some Indo or some other type of funky gangee, because Coolio was the locc who released the ultimate house party groove Fantastic Voyage by far Coolio's dopest hit, County Line is a far out Dope song by my locc, Ghetto Cartoon is a funny cartoonished song with funny lyrics, and my locc has another good one called Ugly Bitches, what!?  It's a true song by my locc Coolio.Hair doo master's best yet is *1, *2, 3, 4, *5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, *15 & 16, did I miss any songs?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Now, I'm not a big Coolio fan.  But I've just always liked the song &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot;.  Even though that's the initial reason I bought the album, there are many more good songs on it.  I like the song &quot;Ghetto Highlights&quot; almost as much as the title track.  &quot;Sumpin New(1,2,3,4)&quot; is a pretty catchy tune I used to hear at roller skate places a lot.  Those are my 3 favorite songs, but I also like the songs &quot;Kinda High, Kinda Drunk&quot; and &quot;Exercise Yo' Game&quot;.  The only reason I took off a star is because since this is an edited album, there are a couple of songs that could be good that are edited so much, it takes away from the songs."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "But sadly it's not enough to save the album.  Except for that one song the album fails on many levels (Even for rap music) with it's anoying lyrics, bad beats, and even bad rapping!  Personally I think this guy has got some talent and is just afraid to use it.  He proved he's got the skill to be one of the greatest rappers out there with &quot;Gangsta's Paradise,&quot; and in the &quot;Space Jam&quot; soundtrack he (With the help of other rappers) helped make the best rap song I've herd!  He just needs to use some of his talent and he could go far and shove cheap rappers like Eminem out of the way!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Earth A.D. is probably the heaviest, most aggressive recording The Misfits have ever released. This CD features their famous song \"Die Die My Darling\", as well as many other great songs. \"Wolf's Blood\" is a twisted portrait of a man who is transforming into a werewolf. Danzig's howls of pain and aggression are amazing, and the frantic guitars and drums in the song make it a favorite. \"Queen Wasp\" and \"Earth A.D.\" are very heavy songs, although those two tracks in particle don't have great sound quality. Right after this album was released, thrash metal was unleashed in the world of Rock. Coincidence? Perhaps, but this CD obviously had to have some influence on the artists of the category. Pick this one up today."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The thing about Brand X, I mean besides it having caused me to take back all--well, most, anyway--of the nasty things I've said about Phil Collins over the years, is that their virtuosity as players is not just self-serving masturbation. These guys ARE virtuosos, but they use their skills to make really awesome music which serves the listener. I bought a few Brand X records (yes, records.... on vinyl), decades ago and the music is on my iPod today. If standing the test of time is one measure of good music, then this is good indeed.And, let's face it, for many like myself, this band turned the Phil Collins legacy from the lame, forgettable pop stuff he churned out like a placebo factory, to \"Holy crap; this guy is a seriously talented player\".\"Unorthodox Behaviour\" and \"Morrocan Roll\" are my favorites, though all of the Brand X releases are enjoyable."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First song, 20 minutes &quot;Crises&quot; is as good as &quot;Tubular bells&quot;.  The first 2 minutes are maybe a bit too new age but the rest is really uncredible especially the Watcher and the tower part.  The great Admam Ant is playing guitar on this song.Song &quot;In high places&quot; is sang by Jon Anderson (I just can't resist him).  I did not know it was Oldfield who did &quot;Shadow on the wall&quot;, a song that I liked a lot back in early 80's.  Well, it is on this album.  &quot;Taurus&quot; is a excellent  accoustic guitar piece.The 2 others songs are okay but I am not attracted to women's voice."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Not Mike's best album, but certainly a very good one. The second part of Taurus here is one of his better epic-length compositions, here reprising at the start the original chord progression from Taurus I, but played on different instruments. It goes above and beyond the scope of the first however, across the path of it's 25 minutes. Family Man follows, a track he co-wrote with a bunch of other people, and definately a different one for Mike. It's almost like a standard rock/pop song, fused with his own guitar and instrumentation. (It later became a hit for Hall &amp; Oates.) The remaining songs are decent enough, but don't really hold up to the standard of the opening epic. Still, an Oldfield fan will want this album for it alone, in addition to the adequate tracks that fill out the album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I never fail to take this album with me when visiting family on the shores of Lake Superior. I usually put it on just as I hit Hwy 17, the music mirroring the Canadian landscape as we approach those legendary shores. There are some wonderful themes here, and while they may outstay their welcome a little (the condensed live version on Exposed may be more immediately appealing), they are never less than engrossing, with Maddy Prior's contribution an inspired choice. Is it his best? Probably not (I listen to Five Miles Out and Crises more), but there is no better album of Mike's at evoking what it was meant to.ExposedMike Oldfield / Crises"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No matter what you feel about the Danzig phenomenon or where you stand in relation to stripped down guitar... Simply put, this is just a damn fine, energetic, frenetic, unself-conscious rock n roll masterpiece! So, whether you have the hoodie or not, whether you put the patch on your backpack or not- I don't know you, kid, and I don't care. Going on almost 27 years after they hashed this moster out in the studio, This Misfits album is one of the best of the late-70's, call it whatcha will, fearless, boundless, badass music. So pick it up, turn it up and grin real big as you stomp around your bedroom, spazzing out like you never would at a show, yelling, \"I got somethin to say-ay! I killed your baby today!\"...It doesn't matter much to me... Yeah"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This are the first recordings of the first real Misfits line-up (Glenn Danzig-vocal, Jerry Only-bass, Franche Coma-guitar and Mr.Jim-drums). All the material recorded in just few takes.Here you'll hear original Attitude, that is covered by Guns 'n' Roses (Spaghetti Incident LP) and Last Caress (which was covered by Metallica). Glenn's singin' is amazing.Whole album is included on Box Set, with exception of two songs: Spinal Remains and beautiful In The Doorway."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Review no.88.Recorded in 1978,but not released until umteen years later.Looks to be the band's fifth effort.One could say that 'Static Age' was the definitive punk/metal cross over.Featured on this seventeen track disc are three new tunes,which are actually pretty good,\"She\",\"Spinal Remains\" and \"In The Doorway\".Some of the other tunes I thoroughly enjoyed were the title cut \"Static Age\",the ass kickin' \"T.V. Casualty\",\"Teenagers From Mars\" and \"We Are 138\".Should appeal to most fans of Black Flag,Circle Jerks,Fear,Minor Threat and The Cramps(now you're taking!).A should-have."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First of all, to the reviewer who said that this album has nothing on artists like Blink 182 or Good Charlotte, you should check to see if your brain is functioning.  \"Static Age\", one of the Misfits' most well known works, is pure punk pleasure from start to finish.  Glen Danzig's howling Elvis Presley/Jim Morrison-esque voice is just great to listen to as the Misfits take rock back to it's roots with simple chords and melodies combined with Danzig's toungue in cheek B-movie inspired lyrics.  Standout tracks, like the title track, \"Last Caress\", \"Return of the Fly\", \"We Are 138\", \"Teenagers From Mars\", \"Hollywood Babylon\", \"Attitude\", and \"She\" are revered classics, and proof why this band has had an overaching legacy from 1977 to the present."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is about as punk rock of an album as you can make without a Guitar in sight.  But then again, there are touches of Ben Folds' sweet sorrowful side too, which makes it a little less punk.Standout tracks include Underground, Philosophy, and Boxing, though all of the tracks have a potential difference to them.  Underground starts with fantastic and humorous intro, then kicks into some friendly, happy keyboarding...Boxing is a sorrowful tale of a man at the end of his career, looking back on whether or not he's proud of himself or not.  It's a touching and bittersweet tale and shows a little of Ben Folds' great story telling ability.Overall, Ben Folds is an AMAZING piano player (and completely nuts live).  The songs transcend &quot;piano music&quot; and this album has a fun, youthful tone to it, which seems to be a rarity in &quot;piano music&quot; as well.If you're a little bit alternative, then this is a must own album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you aren't familiar with the band they consist of a piano/lead singer (who's name is Ben Folds), a bass, and drums.  They have a very unique sound, and they all came out of heavy metal bands (weird, huh).  This album gives me the feeling that this is the real, raw Ben Folds.  Before the crazy success of &quot;Whatever and Ever Amen&quot; due to the song &quot;Brick&quot;.  My favorites on this CD are &quot;Jackson Cannery&quot;, &quot;Alice Childress&quot;, &quot;Underground&quot;, and &quot;Boxing&quot;.  If you bought Whatever and Ever Amen I highly recomend you experience this side of Ben Folds Five, and if you are just looking for a great album with a fresh sound, this is it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Well, this is it kids, a trip back in time...before the &quot;Whatever &amp; Ever, Amen&quot; days, there was an album simply called &quot;Ben Folds Five&quot;. It was good. Very good. Too bad they wouldnt put &quot;emaline&quot; on it, because it is a terrific song, but despite that omission, it is *Still* a GOOD album. If you like Ben Folds's stuff, you should pick this up. Pick it up if you're not. Buy it. Enjoy it. Love it, it will love you back, i promise. OK, this reviews isn't so good, i know. Maybe its because I had all the songs downloaded before i bought it, and denied myself the glory of enjoying it as a whole, but regardless, It IS A GOOD ALBUM. Buy it, for me &amp; Ben."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have everything Ben has ever done since this album (with the 5, by himself, with the Bens, etc.).  This is still my favorite collection of Ben Folds tunes ever.  Of course I will always have a place in my heart for Whatever and Ever Amen (I listened to it literally 1000's of times after it was released!) but this is the disc I can go back to and listen to all the way through any time (Whatever and Ever has some definite slow sections).  This first eponymous CD is filled with great songs...every single one a \"keeper.\"  \"Jackson Cannery\", \"Philosophy,\" \"Boxing,\" \"Uncle Walter,\" \"Underground\"...great songs to drive around in your car and rock out to.  These guys were so good...I like Ben's solo work, of course, but the Ben Folds Five were the greatest."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The first CD put out by Ben Folds Five is the beginning of an era. True, it may not have the same sound as &quot;Whatever,&quot; but I assure it is still the masterwork of Ben Folds. As readings about the album shows, Ben mixes from the best, taking the styles of Gerscwinn, Jerry Lee Lewis, and even Little Richard. This is a fun album to listen to. Ben puts forth an amazing amount of feeling through his intriguing lyrics and style of play. Try it out, I am sure that you if you are a fan of the piano, you will be a fan of this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "An energetic raw introduction to this eccentric trio. An unusual combo of piano &amp; vocals (Ben Folds), bass and drums works surprisingly well, with Folds hammering-chords more than compensating for the lack of  guitar.Many pianists will be trying to play his cunning riffs... Put  this in the car and you'll soon be bashing the dashboard rather than  playing air-guitar at the traffic-lights. Whilst their later offerings have  been more polished (and with the exception of &quot;Whatever and Ever,  Amen&quot; less satisfying), none have been as frantically engaging and  down-right fun as this little stormer.A perfect summer record - crank it  up, open the windows and find new friends. Everyone seems to like this  stuff, but they don't know who it's by. Educate them!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Probably my favourite Sinatra's album. Released in 1956. Arrangements are done by Nelson Riddle and songs are fabulous. Here you can hear such great songs like on of his biggest hit, Cole Porter's I've Got You Under My Skin, Gershwin brothers' Love Is Here To Stay,...Pennies From Heaven was a big hit for Louis Prima, Anything Goes (another Porter's composition) for Ella Fitzgerald,...This is one of his best albums (and not only for Capitol Records).So, lay down and enjoy this fabulous set."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For sheer joy and energy, this is Sinatra at his apex.  Every song is excellent, with crystal-clear sound, brassy horns, top-notch Nelson Riddle arranging, and Sinatra at his vocal best.  This album is often listed as one of the top 100 albums in any genre ever made, in often eclectic lists including everything from the Beatles to Nirvana to Miles Davis, John Coltrane, and the Beach Boys.  And though it's hard to narrow it down to one album, this is in my opinion Sinatra's best.  The songs are upbeat, and there is no way one can listen to this album without feeling better about life.I have this on both CD and vinyl.  The sound quality on the CD is clear and sharp."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you like Kind Of Blue, you are in for a real treat here. Adderley, Miles and Blakey were and still are such big stars in the jazz world that their work is in a class of its own. The fact that they are collaborating here is an added bonus. Adderley's joyful sound and Miles's Emotional Charges Harmon Mute is absolutely exquisite on this album. Best cut would definately be Autumn Leaves, since Miles's work on this track almost brings a tear to my eyes because it is so beautiful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have this in SACD, and the RVG Edition, and a new copy, this is for a gift for someone who hears this at my place and loves it, I can send them away with a great recording. I was very lucky to have an aunt who instilled in me a love for jazz at a very young age. She like Clifford Brown fell victim to autos, which could have been safer, for the speeds they could attain.My loss was a family loss, Clifford Brown was a loss to jazz and music in general. I was lucky and was exposed to so much music, I moved from the Philadelphia area to the East Village in the 60's to be closer to the music scene.I would not hesitate in suggesting this to anyone, it is a part of jazz history.There are recordings that no matter how many times you hear them they will fill you with something new. Music like this has an appeal that draws you out of yourself and into the artist's vision. Good listening"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Whenever I need a lift, this is a good choice to provide one. This is also one of those CD's that, when I'm facing my music collection and not sure what I'm in the mood for, this is one of my \"default\" CD's. (The others areJazz in SilhouetteandBilly Taylor Trio.) You just can't go wrong when Miles Davis is involved, and Adderley brings a whole new dimension to the definition of a small horn section. Blakey's unmistakeable ferocity in driving the tunes provides a great backbone for the other musicians to build on, and each listening brings its own indescribable pleasure. I would say this is a CD that should be added to the collection of any serious jazz fan, and it would probably be a good choice for someone looking to broaden a non-jazz oriented music collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As I've said before, I'm not a particularly erudite jazzophile, I just appreciate a well-paced, melodic, and soulful jazz set when I hear it.  And this record is superlative.  Cannonball's LP, seemingly centered around the masterful phrasings of Miles, brings some great musicians together.  Each of them leave an indelible mark on this record, but never at the expense of the whole.  In my mind, &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot; and &quot;One for Daddy-O&quot; are the standout tracks.Along with &quot;Kind of Blue,&quot; &quot;Giant Steps,&quot; &quot;Moanin'&quot; and &quot;Time Out,&quot; (among many others), this is an essential jazz record, not because Ken Burns or anyone else says so, but because it's evident from the first listen.  Go ahead and get it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am spending time filling in the gaps that I missed out on during the 60s and 70s. I grew up with the better known 'John Barleycorn..' and 'Low Spark..', but recently (thanks to the classic 1983 Rolling Stone Record Guide)acquired 'Mr Fantasy' and their 2nd album 'Traffic'. Both knock the spots off the later Traffic, and while the critics gave 'Mr Fantasy' only 4 stars I rate it one of the best albums ever. Two songs on this album, namely 'No name, no face, not number' and 'Mr Fantasy' must be amongst the best rock songs ever, ever written (to say nothing of Steve Winwood's ethereal singing!). Regarding the issue about the US versus UK versions, I was fortunate to but a recently re-mastered CD that has both on it! Get that one, then sit back like a happy cat and lick the cream..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Mr. Fantasy is a fine cd and I would have given it 5 stars any other time. Until I bought and listened to the 2000 Island remaster of \"Heaven Is In Your Mind\" This is the original stereo american version of the album, and the one, that I have been waiting for for at least 30 years to be released. It has the original american track listing including two tracks that were dropped when they re-released it as \"Mr. Fantasy\" which is the english version (stereo much less defined). I highly recommend \"Heaven Is In Your Mind\" to anybody that grew up in the sixty's as I did, and remember the superb stereo on the original UA release."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember first hearing Vangelis' \"Heaven & Hell\" back in high school, and getting creeped out by the haunting Hell passages on the record and loving it. Having Jon Anderson as a guest vocalist only enhanced the record. A couple years ago I found this cd in a bargain bin at my local record store and picked it up. I still pull it out every now again (for some reason I really dig listening to this in the Fall season). It's a shame that music like this and artists like Rick Wakeman, Brian Eno and others, isn't still being made, instead the 80's & 90's came along, Prog-Rock gave way to New Age, you had Yanni and John Tesh take over the instrumental scene and water it down to elevator pap. It's a shame that music has to be pidgenholed into such confining catagories, and most folks are left unaware of all that is out there."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Originally released in 1975, this looks to be his third solo effort - didn't know (until now) that Vangelis was a member of the Greek progressive band, Aphrodite's Child. Hadn't heard this CD in ages, as I've never really kept up with his work that much. Liked this ageless neo-classical / New Age title more so than I remember. Both tracks here - \"Heaven And Hell, Part 1\" and \"Heaven And Hell, Part 2\" - clocking in at over twenty minutes each. Jon Anderson (Yes) provides the vocals on \"So Long Ago, So Clear\" - a portion of the Part 1 cut, I'm sure I used to hear that song on late night FM radio many moons ago. Thoroughly enjoyed this CD reissue's beautiful symphonic passages that manage to take the listener(s) by surprize. Should appeal to fans of Patrick Moraz, Yanni, Tangerine Dream and Mike Oldfield."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Let's look at this cd for what it was: a great pop record. Sure, it was completely calculated by David Geffen, head of Geffen records at the time. However, their are so few superstar bands that this one, along with Blind  Faith, holds up over time. I was just 10 years old when I got this cd, and  it sounds dated now, but it brings back good memories. I have since become  an ardent Yes, ELP, King Crimson, Buggles, Genesis and Rush fan. Asia was  just a fun ride, nothing meant to be taken seriously. However, of all their  albums I do believe their first was their best. It's a good cd for those of  us who can remember Asia at all."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In 1982, Steve Howe of Yes, Carl Palmer of Emerson, Lake, and Palmer, Geoff Downes of The Buggles, and John Wetton of King Crimson formed one of Rock's first &quot;supergroups&quot;.  The result of this union was this unvbelievable debut album.  Penned by Wetton and Downes, this album produced the classics &quot;Heat of the Moment&quot; and &quot;Only Time Will Tell&quot;.  This album was released at the same time MTV hit the airwaves, so these songs received many hours of play.  This album still ranks as one of my personal favorites even after 20 years.  I can't get enough of Geoff Downes' keyboard work and especially Carl Palmer's unparalleled drumming.  Each track is first-rate and the insturmentals are perfectly blended.  This album is a must for serious rock music fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Asia's debut album has sold many millions...and not least for the song \"The Heat of the Moment\" which you probably have heard sometimes even haven't heard the name \"Asia\". There's so many great songs \"Wildest Dreams\", \"Only Time Will Tell\" (ballad), \"Without You\", \"Sole Survivor\"...the funny \"Cutting It Fine\"...and the classic keyboard track \"Here Comes the Feeling\"...John Wetton in vocals made excellent work...he is much better than John Payne who isn't bad either...John Wetton made with Asia two other great albums \"Astra\" and \"Alpha\". John Wetton's voice is very soft and sensitive...just great for this kind of soft progressive rock.Stars: Wildest Dreams, Heat of the Moment, Without You"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Asia is the grandest superband on earth. But why Asia? They tried to show that this is no traditional British progressive rock nor American progressive hard rock and it lies somewhere between. Heat of the Moment, Only Time Will Tell, Sole Survivor are super-excellent. Particularly interim keyboard bridge part of Soul Survivor has been embedded in my memory for so long. Rest of the tracks are very dynamic as well and showing the longtime legacy of British prog a bit. John Wetton's clear voice is another of the band's appeal. Recommended for wide range of melodic rock and progressive rock fans who may like Dream Theater."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Asia was Steve Howe, John Wetton, Geoffrey Downes, and Carl Palmer. These four guys would become instant stars with their debut album, simply titled, Asia. Howe was already an accomplished guitarist with the progressive supergroup, Yes, while Carl Palmer brought his talents from the equally-successful progressive trio, Emerson, Lake & Palmer. Downes was a keyboard player for Yes' Drama album from 1980, and Whetton was an accomplished vocalist elsewhere. They would fuse their talents and come up with some of the most memorable songs of the 80's, and of all time. Songs like HEAT OF THE MOMENT, SOLE SURVIVOR, and ONLY TIME WILL TELL are classics to this day. These guys would stick around for several more years and albums, and wouldn't match the success of their first album. Still, they were a great band that put out some great music. 9/10"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Eagles' drummer Don Henley released his second solo album,this one,in late 1984 after signing with Geffen Records. His solo debut,I CAN'T STAND STILL was released in 1982 on Asylum,the same label that the Eagles recorded on. Henley's fellow Eagle Glenn Frey was enjoying success as a solo artist as well. Eagles fans enjoyed Henley taking the lead on some of their hits like HOTEL CALIFORNIA,LIFE IN THE FAST LANE,THE LONG RUN,BEST OF MY LOVE and ONE OF THESE NIGHTS. On this hit album are the hits THE BOYS OF SUMMER,ALL SHE WANTS TO DO IS DANCE and SUNSET GRILL(Cher covered the latter). I also heard a cover of TBOS,but I don't remember the artist who covered it. Henley's next album,THE END OF THE INNOCENCE,released in 1989,was a much bigger hit."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is probably former Eagles drummer Don Henley's best solo effort, with &quot;The End Of The Innocence&quot; coming in a close second.Perhaps a bit too much synth for my taste, but that's a minor complaint, and &quot;Building The Perfect Beast&quot; does feature some of Henley's best and most melodious songs, such as the MTV hit &quot;The Boys Of Summer&quot;, &quot;You Can't Make Love&quot;, &quot;Not Enough Love In The World&quot;, &quot;You're Not Drinking Enough&quot; and &quot;All She Wants To Do Is Dance&quot;.Henley's voice is strong and soulful (he was always The Eagles' greatest singer), and with the exception of a few minor tracks, the songs are of high quality, both lyrically and melodically."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although several songs here haven't aged well, the majority of this album allows us to remember  the days of conspicuos consumption and moral bankruptcy that defined the 1980's. \"All She Wants To Do Is Dance\" is my favorite here: anyone who has ever traveled abroad and been embarresed in public by the rude, ignorant behavior of our countrymen will relate to this one! \"A Months Of Sundays\"  takes up the forgotten plight of America's farmers, whose suicide rate for a while, at least among males, rivaled that of Western Samoa! \"Drivin' With Your Eyes Closed\" sums up our politicians today as well as it did in 1984.  Henley writes for Americans who still read books, and stil believe that individual freedom is the last doorstop we have left before the door of government-imposed conformity slams our heads in its marble-encrustedframe.This is easily one of the top 10 American rock albums of the 1980's!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Siouxsie SIoux..We salute..I danced so hard..\"Hong Kong Garden\"..Early Siouxsie was this..Raw crunchy guitars that spoke with her idealistic lyrics..Disco in \"Israel\"..Siouxsie was beautiful then and now..Artsy and new wave in \"Christine\", and \"Arabian Nights\" the first of these songs being an artful part punk part new wave mish mash..\"Tinderbox\" is the other album that shines..Be 17 again..Go buy \"Once Upon A Time\" and get the history and the attitude of youth that keep our world alive..Hey Rick and Colleen remember me? Let's start a punk band.."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Essential for any and all Siouxsie & The Banshees fans. Sure, it's an early compilation, with material from 1978-81. Every one of the CD's ten cuts are a winner, like \"The Staircase Mystery\", \"Love In A Void\", the insanely written \"Happy House\", \"Christine\", \"Israel\", \"Spellbound\" (one of my all time favorites) and \"Arabian Knights\". Top rate goth alternative. It's nearly impossible not to like at least a couple of these tunes. Sounds just SO good, that it almost hurts. Voodoo enthusiasts, fortune tellers and goth queens, rejoice! Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is a good showcase of early Banshees only but of course not representative of their full career which started moving in different directions after the release of this compilation. Hong Kong Garden which burst onto the UK charts in 1978 still sounds unique and special after all these years while the other early hits have lost none of their icy appeal. I would have included some additional songs for a Best Of covering their early days, like &quot;Mother/Oh Mein Papa' from Join Hands and perhaps &quot;Jigsaw Feeling' from The Scream. In conclusion, Once Upon A Time is a window on the more &quot;elegant&quot; and certainly more intelligent side of UK punk rock."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Jon Sykes, Jon Sykes, Jon 'Effin' Sykes!!! His guitar work on this CD is absolute ball buster! If I only liked the track Still of The Night this disc would still be worth it but Sykes slashes and burns throughout the disc. And his guitar tone is monster! And I say this as a drummer, not a guitar player, that's how impressive Sykes is. You wanna hear some fierce guitar work then this CD is the real deal. Air guitar alert!![...]"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is in-your-face metal that don't let up - Zeppelin reincarnated for the 80's.  David Coverdale is a modern day Robert Plant, I just wish he was still around these days.  Whatever happened to him, anyway?Whitesnake jammed cuz they created good love ballads AND they made throbbing, groove-heavy metal hits, like the awesome &quot;Still of da Night&quot;.  Trust me, metal fans, you'll love each of these 9 songs.  If you get the chance, be sure to see an 80's Whitesnake video.  It's like Led Zeppelin re-formed and came back to do some heavy entertaining - with a great lookin' chick!!CHECK 'EM OUT!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "By the time the 80's had rolled around Whitesnake had been making albums for about decade, so they had time to perfect their craft.1987 was finally their year, 1984's Slide it In had became a minor hit, which helped pave the way for the 1987 to become a smash hit. The opener of the album is Crying in the Rain, which had originally appeared on their 1982 album Saints and Sinners, Here I go Again was also a rerecording of a song that appeared on Saints and Sinners. Besides Crying in the Rain, and Here I go Again, other highlights include The Still of the Night,Give me all your love, and the rest of the songs are awesome too! Whitesnake is the essential 1980's album, buy it today!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This may not be their best album, but it's easily their most popular. The casual fan will find their biggest hits on here. This was released in 1987, and includes &quot;Still Of The Night&quot;, &quot;Is This Love&quot;, and the huge hit &quot;Here I Go Again&quot;. However most of the other tracks are nearly as good. &quot;Crying In The Rain&quot; and &quot;Children Of The Night&quot; are two other favorites. Overall they were one of the better hard rock/metal bands of the era, and had great taste in hood-ornaments too. Also better than &quot;Great White&quot;, and &quot;White Lion&quot;."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First there was Deep Purple's \"The House of Blue Light\" from January 1987, and then, \"Whitesnake\" [the album] from March 1987. Whitesnake's turned out to be the more popular album, maybe the most popular album of the year because of it's commercial appeal, and the music videos that helped to sell it, but make no mistake it's a really good album. But Deep Purple's was even better in my opinion, a far less commercial rock album who's videos were unfortunately banned by MTV, which helped keep it out of the Billboard top 20.Finally, I'm so tired of reading about the Whitesnake songs from this album being Led Zeppelin rip offs. Coverdale has already confirmed that a lot of the riffs come from Deep Purple rehearsal tapes back in the mid seventies when Coverdale was their lead singer. These riffs are \"borrowed\" from Ritchie Blackmore, not Jimmy Page. Case closed!I advise getting both of these great rock albums of 1987:*Whitesnake - Whitesnake*Deep Purple - The House of Blue Light"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "How bad is this. During the late 80s the whole big hair thing and ballad thing was the new and everyone loved it. Whitesnake compared too great bands of that era(metallica or guns n roses), is nothing compared too them. Sure they wrote Here I Go Again but all that is is just another power ballad that was so over used that era. Every single song Whitesnake pretty much has ever writtien is a freaking ballad i mean sure one or two songs but the whole album? come on. Way too much synth and ballads too be called a metal album. It just doesent work Here i Go Again isnt even that good and Is THis Love is the worse song of all time. Dont buy horrible band horrible album would give zero starts. By far not the greatest album of all time in fact its one of the worse"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Whitesnake's self-titled album, was great when it came out in 1987, but it has sled a little since.  The bluesy Whitesnake had become part of the hair rock scene in 1987.  David Coverdale, Aynsley Dunbar, John Sykes, Neil Murray and Adrian Vandenberg (who had a hit in '82 \"Burnin' Heart\").  Their 9th studio release broke this band like wildfire.  This album gave us, the rockers \"Children Of The Night\", \"Crying In The Rain\", tremendous track, the Zeppelin clone song \"Still Of The Night\",#79, still one of my favorites from these guys.  The melodic rockers in, \"Give Me All Your Love\", #48, and the ballads that got played to death \"Is This Love\", #1, and \"Here I Go Again\", #2.  They would release \"Slip Of The Tongue\", in 1989."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If I could only keep 10 albums and I had to sell all of the others, this one would be on my 10 keepers. This debut album from Tesla is dynamite! While Modern Day Cowboy, Gettin' Better and Little Suzi got the most  airplay in the late 80's, the rockers EZ Come EZ Go, Cumin' Atcha Live, 2  Late 4 Love and Rock Me to the Top can melt your eardrums and your  speakers. The two lighter but very good tunes are Changes and Love Me. The  other songs on the album are also respectable.Jeff Keith has a good,  raspy vocal delivery that he practiced while driving cement mixers. It's  easy to identify Tesla's work by his singing. Great guitar work by Frank  Hannon is another of Tesla's signature trademarks. While the Great Radio  Controversy and The Best of Tesla are both albums worth acquiring, this is  by far their best effort."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A truly &quot;American&quot; album, very spiritual, ethereal, sort of like a thunder storm.  &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; has the dignity, insistence, and defiance of an unbroken man, &quot;Big Sky&quot; is one of the most dramatic songs I have ever heard; I have seen two hour movies with less emotion, drama, conviction, action, and passion than this song.Robertson's voice is a unique instrument.  I kind of like it, not only because it sounds unique, but because Robbie forces you to understand what he tells you, almost like a griot.Clearly one of the best debuts of the 1980's, and undeniable confirmation of Robbie Robertson's stature in music history."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Robbie Robertson's self-titled solo debut is also his best album on his own. Retaining some of the spirit of his work with the Band, he brings in numerous guests, including Peter Gabriel and U2, to help out, and the result is that his trademark style is brought into the modern age. Influences ranging from U2 to the Meters are clearly audible here, along with Van Morrison, the Band, and Bob Dylan. There's a cautionary undertone to many of the songs, which is fitting considering that his former bandmate, Richard Manuel, had committed suicide the year before. This is a CD that you should own if you're a fan of folk-rock in any form."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The diversity on \"Chalk Mark In a Rain Strom\" is simply wonderful. There's a good balance of politically charged beauties (The Reoccurring Dream, The Beat Of Black Wings, Cool Water, Etc.) & also endearing odes of love (My Secret Place, Snakes & Ladders, Etc.) She continues her use of synthesisers (Also heard on 1985's \"Dog Eat Dog\") which constructs gorgeous pieces such as the bittersweet synth bouquet of \"Lakota\" or the achingly beautiful \"The Tea Leaf Prophecy\" in which she brilliantly says in wonderful Joni fashion:\"Newsreels rattle the Nazi dreadThe able-bodied have shipped awayMolly McGee gets her tea-leaves readYou'll be married in a month they say\"These leaves are crazy!Look at this town there's no men left!Just frail old boys and babiesTalking to teachers in the treble clef\"Absolutly wonderful record. Brilliant lyrics & harmonies as usual. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Many (ignorant) people dismiss Joni's '80s work and don't even give it a chance. In my opinion, she has never made a weak album. Every single one is well crafted and well executed. Critics get caught up in comparing each album to the last one. Joni is a painter, and approches her music/albums the same way. Each one is a completely different piece that stands on it's own. She's never made the same album twice, and has never been afraid to experiment and take chances. This is a beautiful record. There are many duets with a wide range of people (Billy Idol, Willie Nelson, Peter Gabriel, etc.) I would recommend this or anything in the Joni catalog. She really amazes me with her consistant elegance and brilliance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I dug this CD out of my collection yesterday, put it on, and started working on the computer with \"Chalk Mark in a Rain Storm\" playing. The opening duet with Peter Gabriel was pleasant enough, but by the time I heard \"Lakota\" chanted over and over, I realized this CD was both dated and discordant. As I tried to sit through a duet of Billy Idol and Ms. Mitchell, I wondered what twisted muse had inspired one of my favorite singer/songwriters on this less than stellar recording.There are some bright moments here and there, but Ms. Mitchell's better works do not, in my opinion, include this album. I see from reading some of the other reviews that I am apparently \"ignorant\" or worse, and I'm sure that I'll soon have as many negative votes as a porcupine has quills for daring to state a qualified assessment of an icon's work.Guess, I'm the skunk at the picnic on this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like that '80s depth of field, enjoy the synthesizer when it's used sparingly and tastefully, as it is here. Funny that the '80s now sounds more dated than some of the music Joni references from the past, a cool cover of \"Cool Water\", plus a few other songs recalling \"Johnny Angel\" and \"Corrina, Corrina\" (Mitchell's gotta be thinkin' 'bout Big Joe's version, yeah...).Opening song, \"My Special Place\", is pretty okay - sounds like the theme to an unsold 1987 TV pilot about a coffee shop run by two 36 year old divorced feminists.Once again, her lyrics stand alone as poetry - and there isn't, and never was, a whole lot of rock and rollers who could seriously sell their words separate from their music. And this keeps Chalk in a Rainstorm on the home carousel."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Here Joni's creative embers are glowing brightly again. Her languid voice is accorded poetic justice by the sparse backing on themes eternal - religious symbolism surfaces in Passion Play and Slouching Towards Bethlehem (an adaptation of a Yeats poem). The topic of growing old, gracefully treated in Nothing Can Be Done and Come In From The Cold, is brilliantly balanced by the teenage romance of Ray's Dad's Cadillac, in which Joni puts one over Rickie Lee Jones, one of her imitators. Savour these lines: \"Ray's dad teaches maths/I'm a dunce, a decimal in his class/When it comes to mathematics/I get static in the attic.\" Well, this is music - not maths - and Joni gets four out of five for composition and performance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is not one of the strongest albums Joni Mitchell has released. The are a lot of guest vocalists and they don't always match with Joni's voice or songwriting. The lyrics are ok as well as Joni's voice, but the synths sound so dated by now. Most of the songs suffer from that. There are a lot of albums who have a distinct 80's sound but this one hasn't hold up that good. I own all of Joni's albums and hate to talk bad about her but this album is not one of my favourites. There is only one song on this album that is really good, the closer A Bird That Whistles. A simple acoustic track with saxophone from Wayne Shorter. The photography on the cover is beautiful as well. So, not one of her best but she has made so many exellent albums that this one pales compared to those."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"I'm not aware of too many thingsI know what I know, if you know what I mean...\"Sa ovim recima pocinje kultna pesma 80'., What I Am, koja i otvara jedan od najznacajnih albuma iste decenije Shooting Rubberbands At The Stars.Izuzetno mudri tekstovi plove kroz ceo album, koji su imali vidni uticaj na zenske izvodjace koje su donele 90'.Edie je uspesna na svakom polju, nebitno da li peva o ljubavi ili drustvu, pesme su pune osecanja, i nikako ne mozete izbeci njihov udarac pravo u stomak.\" I remember you put a chill across my facelike the air of December- I swear I remember it that wayI swear I remember itWhere r u know?\"Da li sada razumete o cemu pricam? Da li osecate jak uticaj Edie na Alanis Morissette?I to nije sve.Pravi sok dolazi na kraju albuma sa vise nego odlicnom besnom pesmom Keep Coming Beck.Odlican album za svaku preporuku.Uostalom What I am i Circle govore vise nego sto bi trebalo."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What can I say?I wish I could give this ten stars.(...)Edie Brickell is my favourite female vocalist of all and I absolutely adore the youthful and sensual beauty of her angelic  voiceNot only this the lyrics are very good .Edie ,who writes the lyrics, has a great turn of phrase , 'philosophy is a walk on the slippery rocksreligion is alight in the fog'and  'There's nothing I hate more than nothingNothing keeps me up at nightI toss and turn over nothingNothing can cause a great big fight'And this 1988 album is by far the best of Edie Brickell and The New BohemiansApart from 'the well known and wonderful 'What I Am' and 'Circle ' there are also other beautiful melodies like 'Little Miss S' , 'Air of December' ,'The Wheel' ,Love Like We Do' ,'Circle' ,Beat the Tune' and 'Nothing' I could listen for hours and still want more.if you like good music I cannot recommend this one enough"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Of all their albums, including &quot;The Ultimate Collection&quot;, this debut is the one &quot;Edie Brickell&quot; cd to have. Song for song it's the best. Besides the big hit &quot;What I Am&quot; being on here, it also includes &quot;Circle&quot;, &quot;Love Like We Do&quot;, &quot;She&quot;, and the bonus track &quot;I Do&quot;. I think anyone would enjoy this, even those who normally wouldn't listen to happy hippie pop music, like myself. You can just see her spinning around in the grass singing when you listen to this. For those interested, she also has a 2003 solo release called &quot;Volcano&quot;, and she's still as cute as she sounds."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "THE END OF THE INNOCENCE was Don Henley's third solo album and his second since he signed with Geffen Records. His first solo album I CAN'T STAND STILL was released on Asylum in 1982,the same label that his band The Eagles recorded on. In 1984,Henley signed with Geffen and released BUILDING THE PERFECT BEAST. Five years later,this album was released. Henley had two previous megahits with The Eagles,their albums HOTEL CALIFORNIA and THE LONG RUN. Now for the songs:the title track,which is the first hit from this album,features Bruce Hornsby playing the piano. The track was written or co-written by Hornsby. Other hits include THE LAST WORTHLESS EVENING,I WILL NOT GO QUIETLY,THE HEART OF THE MATTER and NEW YORK MINUTE. GIMME WHAT YOU GOT features Geffen Records labelmate Edie Brickell singing background(I want it,I want it). NEW YORK MINUTE also appeared on the Eagles' reunion concert album HELL FREEZES OVER,released in 1994. All the other tracks are good."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Together with the other guys in Eagles, Don Henley assured his immortal place in rock history. I wonder - how can a man who was a part of something so great as the Eagles release such a [bad] bunch of songs? I just don't get it! I owned this album for many years but when it was time to \"weed out\" my cd collection I decided that this one have to go. But before I sold it, I wanted to record the best songs from it, but I must admit that I couldn't find a single song I really like. So, now it's gone, and I have not missed it for even a split second!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Why do I say that?  It's because it encapsulates the decade better than any other did both musically and lyrically.  The 80s were, indeed, the end of the innocence for many, many of us.  In my case I got married, had kids, got divorced and changed careers at least 4 or 5 times.  The music fits every niche and cranny, from the metal edge of &quot;I will not go quietly&quot; to the satire of religion in &quot;Little Tin God&quot; and the failed materialism of &quot;Gimme what you got.&quot;  All summed up in the overture of the brilliant title cut and ending with the heartbreaking &quot;Heart of the matter.&quot;  To me there simply is no argument to make.  This is the best album of the 80s."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There is always a day of reckoning. As the 1980's drew to a close, Don Henley's conscience cracked wide open, leaving no alternative but exorcizing the demons that dominiated from the mid-70's forward. This was the end of the innocence.The title track is an accomplishment in musicianship, but also a fine look at society's descent into shattered myths coupled with dreams destroyed. Great song for lying under a tree on a lazy summer day, wondering where it all went wrong.\" I Won't Go Quietly\" is a fabulous duet with none other than Axl Rose. It seriously rocks. \" If Dirt Were Dollars\" is so direct the metaphors get lost. \" The Heart of the Matter\", the closing track, finds Henley melancholy, accepting equal parts sorrow and blame. It's an open invitation to put self aside in order to return some dignity.A little philosphical, a lot melodic, this continues to stay fresh, almost twenty years later."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Don Henley has faced his fair share of personal troubles. Busted for &quot;entertaining&quot; underage prostitutes, smeared (along with the rest of the Eagles) by Rolling Stone on a regular basis and never quite taken  seriously as a songwriter by critics, The Age Of Innocence is timely  revenge.Easily as good as and less dated sounding than Building The  Perfect Beast, this album showed that Henley was both the most talented of  the Eagles and capable of a self reflection not previously seen in his  work.Sadly, those of us who are fans are going to have to wait for that  fourth solo album as the Eagles are getting back together to record another  album and tour once again proving that the public's infatuation with the  band is never ending."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Of the studio albums Tesla has produced, I love &quot;Great radio controversy&quot;. This album may have been overshadowed by the release of better known (at the time) Def Leppard and their album &quot;Hysteria&quot;. However, Tesla countered with probably one of the best written ballads amomg heavier rock bands &quot;the Love song&quot;. I also found &quot;paradise&quot; to be just as powerful. &quot;did it for the money&quot; is another fav of mine. I love the high energy of the album. When I heard &quot;the way it is&quot; I was sold on the cd. I think you will be too. I you like Queensryche, you'll like Tesla. Great band."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "WOW, WHAT TO SAY? THIS ALBUM WAS AND STILL IS ONE OF THE DEFINING POINTS OF THIS PERIOD OF ROCK. TESLA ROCKED THE ARENA'S OF THE WORLD AND THIS ALBUM WAS THEIR BREAK OUT. COMPLETELY FULL OF GREAT SONGS. NO NOT ONE BAD ONE TO BE FOUND HERE! IF YOU HAVENT HEARD THIS ONE YOU SERIOUSLY NEED TO. TESLA CONTINUED TO PUT OUT GOOD ALBUMS BUT THIS IS THEIR BABY !ALSO IF YOUR INTO THIS TYPE OF GOOD TALENTED ROCK N ROLL CHECK OUT THE TORA TORA CDS. ABSOLUTELY WAY UP THERE IN MY OPINION. THESE GUYS WERE BEHIND IN THE GAME BLOOMING LATE AND GOT LOST IN THE GRUNGE BUT LORD HAVE MERCY THIS IS SOME OF THE BEST ROCK IVE HEARD AND IVE HEARD IT ALL."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have Cher's whole discograaphy sience 1987, when she released her first Geffen record. They're all great but definitely &quot;Heart of stone&quot; is the best.This album is from 1989, it includes some of Cher's biggest hits ever such as: &quot;If I could turn back time&quot;, &quot;just like Jesse James&quot; and &quot;After all&quot; next to Peter Cetera.&quot;Heart of stone&quot; became Cher's first multi-million selling album, it sold over 3 million copies in the Us and it's her best selling after her 1999 smash album &quot;Believe&quot;.Some of the song in this album were written by Diane Warren, one of the best song writers of all times, she writes song for singer such as: Michael Bolton, Celine Dion and Toni Braxton.Other hits of this album are &quot;Kiss to kiss&quot;, &quot;Love on a rooftop&quot; and the tittle it self."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For those who were introduced to Cher through her latest albums, &quot;Believe&quot; and &quot;Living Proof&quot;, &quot;Heart of Stone&quot; is probably the best of her &quot;middle period&quot; recordings.  You hear her rock soul on this set, and yet you get diversity from a sort of country parody (&quot;Just Like Jesse James&quot;), a kind of gospel rock number (&quot;Heart of Stone&quot;), something tender (The duet with Peter Cetera: &quot;After All&quot;), to the adult contemporary &quot;If I Could Turn Back Time&quot;.Along the way, you'll incidentally hear song writer Diane Warren at her very best.  She writes quite well for Cher in this album, with songs that lend themselves to Cher's dramatic and rather sardonic delivery.All in all, if you're a new Cher fan, I think you'll be pleased with this, and if you're an old Cher fan, you should already have it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "my only contact with the music of RLJ was thru the album MAGAZINE which i found to be disappointing.Well imagine my delight when i heard this collection as it is a gem of a disc.RLJ sounds as though she was having a ball and it shows.Not one dud track.Its an album that you can stick on and leave with confidence and you will want to play over and over again.There are some really lovely tracks here HORSES with its unforgettable guitar line,the gentle reading of GERRY and the PACEMAKERS'DONT LET THE SUN CATCH YOU CRYING'and the superb RODEO GIRL.At times RLJ does indeed sound very NYROESQUE but no way would that ever be a bad thing,believe me listening to this album is a real pleasure."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With RLJ it always comes down to the songs.  Her first 2 albums are classics and her work since then has been inconsistent but usually very good however she hasd never been able to hit the high water mark of those first 2 albums.  As is the case with all of her albums, this one runs out of steam at the end.  Here is a song by song rating:1. The Horses - 52. Just My Baby - 53. Ghetto Of My Mind - 44. Rodeo Girl - 45. Satellites - 56. Ghost Train - 47. Flying Cowboys - 48. Don't Let The Sun Catch You Crying - 59. Love Is Gonna Bring Us Back Alive - 410. Away From The Sky - 311. Atlas' Marker - 3Recommended after you buy her first 2 albums."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Its great to see several cuts from NIGHT RIDE HOME featured on Joni'snew look back, &quot;THE BEGINNING OF SURVIVAL&quot;, (being releasedJuly 27th) . Although &quot;TurbulentIndigo&quot; received the Grammy and basically took itsblue print from &quot;NIGHT RIDE HOME&quot;, I really felt the warmthand devotion return with NRH, something I had missed from Joni's works over the years after Mingus. Although I really enjoyed Turbulent Indigo,Night Ride Home is special, moody, sad at times but itshows the real Joni Mitchell that overproduction sometimeshit with its colder touches(during the 80's). I still listened to everything Joni putout but this underappreciated collection of songs hit me just at a timein my life where I was reflecting about life and this musicfrom Joni really touched me. She's deeply spiritual, alwaysseeking answers yet always asking questions in her songs. I have listened to this over and over since its 1991 releaseand it still one of many Joni Mitchell classic favorites."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Here JM displays a new-found sense of balance and harmony in her life and music. Night Ride Home proves that the creative embers were glowing brightly again. Her languid voice is accorded poetic justice by the sparse backing on themes eternal. Religious symbolism surfaces on Passion Play and Slouching Towards Bethlehem - the latter an adaptation of a Yeats poem. The topic of growing old, gracefully treated in Nothing Can Be Done and Come In From The Cold, is brilliantly balanced by the teenage romance of Ray's Dad's Cadillac, in which Joni puts one over Rickie Lee Jones, one of her followers. Savour these lines: &quot;Ray's dad teaches maths/I'm a dunce, a decimal in his class/when it comes to mathematics/I get static in the attic.&quot; Well this is music - not maths - and Joni gets five out of five for composition and performance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Night Ride Home was really a return for Joni Mitchell. She dropped almost all of the instruments that made her records released in the 80's sound so overproduced. There are more acoustic tracks who focus on Joni and her guitar. The lyrics are again from a very high level, like her albums from the 70's. Joni's voice has matured incredible and now you can hear that because of the sparse instrumentation. But that's not a complaint, because her voice sounds very cool and experienced by now. Absolute highlight of this album is Come In From The Cold, a song were Joni is looking back from the first time that she falls in love, to all the romance and relationships that have happened in her life. This is a great work from Joni Mitchell and if you love her more famous albums, you're gonna love this one also."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is fantastic,not only do you get Olivia's greatest hits,but 4 wonderfull new songs.I first heard &quot;I need  Love&quot; driving back from Florida.I thought this song was so different,about not having sex  untill you truely love someone,and also being worried about Aids.I really  believed this record was going to be a huge hit for Olivia.She was ready to  tour untill she discovered she had breast cancer.&quot;Deeper than a  river,&quot;was a hit in the Adult charts,and&quot; Not Gonna Be the  one,&quot;that sounds alot like the Bee Gee's, are fantastic new songs  also.This one CD has it all,from Olivia's begining when she was into  country music,to one of the greatest musicals of all  time,&quot;Grease,&quot;to Olivia's biggest hit,&quot;Physical,&quot; and  these four beutifull new songs.You have to get this CD if your a Olivia  Newton John fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the 4 newer songs on this must have release are awesome olivia - unfortunately personal problems hurt the success of the &quot;comeback&quot;. luckily a few years later we have &quot;back with a  heart&quot; classic olivia and a tour! fate twists back!  &quot;not gonna  be the one&quot; is a definite should've been hit and she should consider  re-cutting it for her next cd. &quot;i need love&quot; is a great dance  song and the ballads soar. plus you get most of the classics - what more  could we ask for but another new album!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You would normally think chick vocals don't fit with &quot;goth&quot; music, but Siouxsie does just the opposite.  She has a good voice that is never overdone behind somewhat-but-not-totally-gloomy guitars.  &quot;Kiss  them for me&quot; is really for me the oldest song I know by them, &amp;  I'm just now getting to know their older stuff.  &quot;Cities in Dust&quot;  &amp; &quot;This Wheel's on Fire&quot; have become my favorite tracks on  the cd.  Just be prepared to probably listen to the first half of the cd  over &amp; over before ever getting to the end of the cd, as that's what I  did."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lisa Loeb's first major album with her band Nine Stories, titled TAILS, is an excellent album on so many levels. It's one of those CD's you can listen to anytime, and it just speaks mountains to you, or it makes you want to sing along with it. Lisa's first single &quot;Stay&quot;, which was on the Reality Bites soundtrack, was the first song to go to #1 by an independant artist who had no record label. It's also on TAILS. &quot;Do You Sleep&quot; is another winner. The instruments are used well in this album. Composing and performing songs that combine effervescent pop with the lyricism of a skilled storyteller, Lisa Loeb is one of contemporary music's most sumptuous delights. The CD has not even one filler track. Other highlights include &quot;It's Over&quot;, &quot;Snow Day&quot;, &quot;Rose Colored Times&quot;, &quot;Waiting For Wednesday&quot;, &quot;Alone&quot; and the ever poignant &quot;Hurricane&quot;. Check this out for something new!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lisa Loeb's 1995 Tails album was very well anticipated after that 1994 megahit Stay.  It lived up to all the hype.  Very solid pop songs and excellent songwriting from Lisa.  She has managed to stay in the spotlight for a decade making very solid songs and albums that she chooses to do.  I wanted Do You Sleep to have the same kind of airplay and huge response that Stay did, keep that momentum going. Wanted it to go to No. 1 too, but it peaked at No. 18. Actually, adult contemporary stations liked that song more than the pop stations.  She rocks on several songs on the second half and takes no prisoners.  Loeb is one of the '90s best songwriters and this album proved that."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "gza of the wu tang clan releases a classic hip hop album with bad ass beats courtesy of the reliable producer,rza of the wu tang.the lyrics are intelligent and complex.the album starts off with &quot;liquid swords&quot;,which has a continuous bass line and gutitar that makes it a favorite of the album.thats rza's secret,throwing in unexpected beats that make his style one of a kind in the rap scene.from guitars to piano and even bombs going off are used.as usual members of the wu tang clan guest appear making the album more enjoyable.especially on the song &quot;4th chamber&quot; where ghostface killa,rza,and killa priest get down.other great tracks are,&quot;duel of the iron mic&quot;,&quot;living in the world today&quot; and &quot;i gotcha back&quot;.an excellent album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If there was any Wu-Tang member that could make a solid album between the 36 Chambers and Wu-Tang Forever era, it would be GZA. Every member of the Wu-Tang was talented and created in their own ways, but GZA knows how to make a phenomenal underground rap album. Unlike the majority of rap \"stars\" nowadays, GZA can craft excellent lyrics. The vintage kung fu sound clips also give it an extra step up. RZA did an excellent job in producing this album. With \"Liquid Swords\", GZA tells us how rap should be done: with meaningful lyrics, talent, distinctive vocal styles, and the soul of the Wu-Tang. A must own for the underground rap fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This my favorite Wu Tang album.  It ditches the ultra-intense everybody-on-the-mic atmosphere of \"Enter The Wu Tang\" since the focus is squarely on GZA (despite numberous guest appearances from all Wu Tang Clan members)and replaces it with a creepy, even more subterranean feel.  This is some of RZA's darkest and heaviest production.  It fits perfectly with GZA's grim voice.  GZA always sounds threatening and scary but unlike the hyped up Ghostface Killah or macho-sounding Raekwon, The Genius portrays this with a laidback, creepily calm flow.  And great lyrics that are both streetwise and surprisingly complex.  Whether he's describing criminal fantasies, autobiographical slices of street life, or simply destroying rival MCs with battle rhymes, GZA sounds both wise and scary, kinda like an aging kung fu master who could kill you with his pinkie finger."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "GZA is one of the best lyricists of the Wu Tang Clan (he is also the leader of the group). His second solo album (first is hard to find) is a lyrical masterpiece. The beats by the RZA and 4th Disciple are as dark as the group's first solo album. Plus guest appearances by the Clan don't hurt either. Favorites are Liquid Swords, Duel of the Iron Mic, Living in the World Today, Labels, 4th Chamber, Shadowboxin', Investigative Reports, I Gotcha Back, and Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth (Killah Priest Solo). This is a classic album that should be bought by any fan of the Wu Tang Clan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd is so damn grimey like crazy. Every track has the most dark/grimiest beat you can think of. Wow and is GZA a genius?? He writes better lyrics than anyone else in the damn Wu-Tang and he could rip up any other fake rapper out there any day! This cd is tight as sh*t!!!!It also has a tight ass CD cover. He has more of a laid back style of rapping, and he raps perfectly with these beats. The track LABELS is a classic, so check that one out. This album is known as one of the best solo wu releases, and let me tell you it is!!! So cop this wu fans!!!!Peace!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the best hip-hop albums to ever be released ever. Hott beats and true hip-hop lyrics keep you wanting more from GZA. This album is insane, dark and grimey. Buy this now if your a true Wu-Tang and Hip-Hop Fan.#1.Liquid Swords - 10/10#2.Duel Of The Iron Mic - 10/10#3.Living In The World Today - 10/10#4.Gold - 10/10#5.Cold World - 10/10#6.Labels - 10/10#7.4th Chamber - 10/10#8.Shadowboxin - 10/10#9.Hells Wind Staff/Killah Hills 10304 - 10/10#10.Investigative Reports - 10/10#11.Swordsman - 10/10#12.I Gotcha Back - 10/10#13.Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth - 10/10This album is perfect in everysingle way. Buy it now!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a CLASSIC. Right up there with Cuban Linx. What GZA lacks in persona he more than makes up for with his wicked intelligent deliveries. He exudes a veteran aura, someone who has been there an done that. GZA cuts right to the chase and gets down in the thick of it in this album. It has a dark and gloomy aesthetic feel to it, which I love. Yo, do yourself a favor and stop reading my review and just buy this sh**t. It is just as good now as it was back in '95...You won't regret it ;)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "THIS WHOLE ALBUM IS STRAIGHT GRIMMEY FROM PRODUCTION,BEATS AND, LYRICS. BUT, LYRICALLY IT'S JUST SIMPLY PUT GENIUS. THE THOUGHTS PROCESS TO CREATE THIS ALBUM FROM TOP TO BOTTOM IS PURE DARK BEAUTIFUL HIP HOP POETRY. THERES EXCELLENT GUEST VERSES FROM FELLOW CLANS MEN WHO BROUGHT THERE A* GAME TO THIS PROJECT. STANDOUT GUEST VERSES ON THIS RECORD ARE GHOSTFACE KILLAH ON 4TH CHAMBER. METHOD MAN ON SHADOWBOXIN' RAEKWON AND GHOSTFACE ON INVESTIGATIVE REPORTS. THE PRODUCTION FROM THE RZA AND BEATS ARE INCREDIBLE. YOU CAN PLAY THE WHOLE ALBUM WITHOUT SKIPPING 1 TRACK. PUT LIQUID SWORDS ON FOR ANYONE THAT HASN'T HEARD IT AND INSTANTLY BLOWS THEM AWAY."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yeah, sure, ODB has the most personality, and Method Man gets all the ladies, but when it comes to raw MCing and keeping faithful to the true elements of hip-hop, the GZA is unparalleled. This is the best Wu-Tang solo  album, bar none. It has the darkest overtones, RZA's production is deeper  than it had ever previously been (and never will be again, as far as I'm  concerned), and GZA's lyrics just knocked me out of my chair. It was chock  full of metaphors galore, technicolor ghetto tales, and anyone who says  &quot;Labels&quot; was less than brilliant needs a speedknot upside the  head. This is a beautiful piece of hardcore real hip-hop, and it deserves  to be in any collection. It's just a shame that he had to follow it up with  &quot;Beneath the Surface...&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Some say its the best Wu individual release. I say it is the best. Some still don't know about this album. Those naysayers that don't think this is one of the best cd's of all times.. well it was a tape when I was coming up. I am sure they are a fan of and a believer that Lil Flip LL or 50 or somebody like that is the greatest of all time. You know they believe in some false profit like that. Please put the flying guillotines away and know that some people are still analog. We Wu heads are too digital. In the words of Bobby Digital..That reminds me I need to write a review for that too. It gets no better than the first releases for the Wu."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As has been said over and over again by many other reviewers, I feel this is the best Wu-Tang album, solo or as a group, period.GZA is the best lyricist of the group.  He has a great delivery and writes great lyrics.It also has the best atmosphere in creating what the Wu-Tang wanted to be about: kung-fu vintage clips; Rza's razorsharp beats; great lyrics and great songs.This is the best album that the Wu-Tang ever dropped, so it's surprising that it is generally overlooked."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I don't know why this album gets the props it does. there doesn't seem to be any point where the production or the emceeing tries to grab you....and yet this is heralded as not only a classic, but by many people as the greatest hip hop album ever. It's nowhere near an Illmatic, The Infamous, Stress The Extinction Agenda, 93 to Infinity, any Kool G Rap' early to mid 90's stuff, Stunts Blunts & Hip Hop, Bizarre Ride II The Pharcyde etc, etc, etc...it doesn't even come close to 36 Chambers. I think this album is boring."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The GZA is a lyrical swordsman. This guy says things that make you go back and think. This album, Liquid Swords, truly defines the classic Wu-Tang sound, just like the first Wu-Tang Clan album and the first Raekwon album before it. The GZA was at his absolute best on this album, and it shows in his lyrics. Here's the review:Album Highlights: The entire album.Production: Thumbs up. Once again, The Rza cooks up another production masterpiece.Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs up.Originality: Thumbs up.The Last Word: Other GZA albums after this have not lived up to this release. GZA released this at a good time in hip hop. Hip Hop music right now needs releases like this. Overall, this album is BRILLIANT. It's the classic Wu-Tang sound in all of its glory, and for that I strongly recommend that you purchase this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "one of the reasons I love rap is for the visuals that some rhymes put in my mind.. more rappers can't than can give me good visuals.. GZA is one of the best at doing that for me and he is just a great rapper.  It's dark and scary sounding while at the same time pure hip hop. And everybody who guested on the album gives great visuals as well.  This album has such an incredible vibe to it.. Plus, RZA did some of his best work on this album. the beats go with the rapping perfectly. if you like Wu-Tang clan, you need to get this/"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A missed track or two, but otherwise your basic &quot;best of&quot;. A good helping of songs from &quot;End of the Innocence&quot;, including the title track. Also important is &quot;The Boys of Summer&quot;, and &quot;Sunset Grill&quot;. My personal favorite would be &quot;Dirty Laundry&quot; though. I just love the way that song starts out. His cover of Leonard Cohens &quot;Everybody Knows&quot; isn't bad, but it's hard to beat the original. The new songs are good, just not &quot;greatest hits&quot; good. The only thing that could make this any better, is if it was released in 2002 so it could include &quot;Everything is Different Now&quot; from &quot;Inside Job&quot;. That's his last greatest hit."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "White Zombie was/is one of the few 90's metal bands that I could actually listen to and enjoy. In an age of Pearl Jam and Sum 41, Rob Zombie along with Kid Rock and Metallica were pretty much the only options for 70's and 80's style music. White Zombie is super occult and sex minded with extremely racy lyrics that I cannot write here. If you want to get raucous, rawdy, and rebellious, NOTHING comes close to a good White Zombie album. Jam out to this in your car on a road trip or at a party. Zombie combines electronica, club, techno, and synth with CRUSHING metal jams. More Human than Human is just one example. Serious metal with an electronica twist! My favorite sounds ever!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First off, let me say just how much I LOVE the lay-out art work on this CD release (hubba-hubba!). They used several full color adult pin-ups from (would have to be)the late '60's era. I must also admit that I may like this disc better than I do their 'Astro-Creep: 2000' mostly because it has a diverse sound on just about every tune. Totally dug the after dark mix of \"Electric Head Pt. 2\", the raw mix of \"Grease Paint And Monkey Brains\" and the ass-kicking wine, women and song mix of \"Blood, Milk And Sky\" the most. Great compilation CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Usually re-mixes bore the hell outta me and for the most part I don't see the point? If you have a good cd/song, why mess with it? Why take good songs and destroy them completely? Examples, Yes and Queen re-mixes come to mind just off the top of my head as really bad attempts at this. Anyway this is not the case here. Sure their are a few short comings, but for the just cranking it up at parties factor this cd rocks and the girl's a nice touch as well.Overall a decent attempt that deserves some notice."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Alright here's the deal, I bought this cd with an open mind.  I understand black sabbath switched lead singers and so did ac/dc and alot of other bands and they still put out great music with both frontmen.  Im not saying its not possible, it just didnt happen with the misfits.  i bet with sabbath and ac/dc other bands members helped with writing the music, but with the fits, glenn wrote ALL OF IT!  the lyrics and the music...he even taught some of the members how to play their instruments.  so guess what happens when glenn leaves?  uh-oh...now the band has to write music for itself and try and stand on its own two feet.  this stuff isnt terrible, there are a couple decent tracks on here, but its a totally different band with a totally different sound.  i hope glenn will forgive me for buying this...it sux."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "American Psycho is a great bridge between \"classic\" Misfits & the \"resurrected\" Misfits: all of the energy and none of the profanity.\"American Psycho\" has all of the things that made The Misfits great:-Sing-along choruses-Horror themed lyrics-Relentless energyBut what the album really does is improve on the old ideas.  Jerry & Doyle can actually play their instruments now and being backed by Dr. Chud's thundering drums and Michale Graves haunting screams really gives the band a great heavy, full sound.The stand-out songs are: \"Speak of the Devil\", \"Dig Up Her Bones\", \"Crimson Ghost\", \"Day of the Dead\" and \"Don't Open Til Doomsday\".Also, the hidden track \"Hell Night\" is pretty catchy.This is a great album in it's entirety, but the \"resurrected\" Misfits didn't really find their own sound until \"Famous Monsters\" which is definitely their best.Buy this album and prepare to shout along."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A fine singer-songwriter with a sweet, candy-coated voice that belies the 29 years old that she was when she made this album, Lisa Loeb first hit big with the song \"Stay\" from her 1995 album \"Tails,\" and established herself as a talented and heartfelt lyricist. This album, in my opinion, is best carried by songs like \"I Do\" and \"Falling In Love,\" which have sunny guitars and her most cheerful, upbeat singing, but even dark, brooding selections like \"Furious Rose\" and \"Jake,\" are beautifully written and sang with sincere, lilting angst."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a great sophomore effort from Lisa Loeb. You will find Lisa experimenting with strings/orchestra arrangements which adds a certain quality to the CD that isn't found on the first album, \"TAILS.\" This CD was one that grew on me. The more you listen to the songs and hear all the production and work that went into each track, you appreciate it more and more! You realize why it was nominated for a Grammy for \"best engineered album - non classical\" or whatever they call the category! Be on the look out for Lisa Loeb's new, THIRD album, \"CAKE AND PIE\" ... In my opinion, it is one of her best CD's so far! \"EAT YOUR VEGETABLES NOW BECAUSE DESSERT IS ON ITS WAY!\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you are only familiar with Madness' few U.S. hits (&quot;One Step Beyond&quot; &quot;Our House&quot;) this is probably the collection for you. The CD captures the basics of the sound this group put out and the influences they have had on many other bands, (Mighty Mighty Boaatones, No Doubt, Smashmouth) is evident even on this limited set. As you can read in the other reviews, this was a band that deserves a much more complete compilation. Hopefully, this CD  will make you want more Madness. If not, this is a good addition for anyone who might want to broaden their musical taste to include one of the best ska bands ever."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "1. Madness is pop fun with loud horns  2. &quot;Wings of a Dove&quot; (A Celebratory Song) is a wonderful Caribbean-sounding blast  3. &quot;One Step Beyond&quot; is a ska materpiece 4. &quot;Micheal Caine&quot; is a twisted delight  5. Madness completely trancends its '80s roots  6. That said, &quot;Our House&quot; is a dance classic  7.  Unlike a lot of 80's stuff (like most Time-Life collections) this is disc is nicely remastered  8. If you have only heard &quot;Our House,&quot; you're in for a treat - Madness is so much more than a one-hit wonder  9. It's goofy  10. It's fun"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Planet P Project forgotten by most years ago thrives in today's music spectrum. Listen to the hip populist music of today... Radiohead, NIN, Coldplay, Remy Zero. Planet P belongs of this time. A concept album crafted and unique. Give it a try, I can assure you that you will spend a lot more for other discs that you will enjoy much less. This CD is best when listened to as a whole... while there were singles released in 1983 the songs form a journey that is best taken in the dark, cool, calm of night. Loaded with 80's fears of atomic wars and cold wars the work is somewhere between Floyd and Bowie....Give this a shot, you won't be let down."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "While many have compared Planet P Project to other prog rock bands one thing that still amazes me is how fresh the material still sounds ! Carey was able to produce an album that could convey a space or futuristic rock theme without relying on pure cold synthesized gimmickry that was prevalent in the early 80's. It's awesome 80's early rock;pure and simple. On the whole this is one album that has been a favorite of mine all these years due to it's atmospheric and rich-hook laden lyrics and musicianship. Fans of Pink Floyd, Alan Parsons, and even Enigma may be quite intrigued by this now 20 year old release with one of it's most captivating early MTV videos of Why Me ?..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember when Planet P Project first release the debut lp.  It was something that was really hard to label for sure.  Then I went and purchased the CD in the 90's.  The sound was OK and did not offer any additional bonus tracks.  This re-master with bonus tracks is just, as Dick Vitale would say, \"awesome baby.\"  While some of the songs have a slowed tempo you really have to appreciate how well crafted the tunes are.  Sadly, Planet P really did not do anything that came close to this release commercially or creatively.  This IS the CD to have with the bonus tracks and it being remastered shows the true strengths of this release."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "PLANET P is a great progressive rock/pop album recorded mostly by singer/multi-instrumentalist/songwriter Tony Carey. Unlike his albums under his own name, which are more pop-oriented and rooted in bands such as Survivor, Shooting Star, and Asia, this one sounds a great deal like the Alan Parsons Project and features extended pieces. Carey sings lead on all but one song here, and the lyrics explore a theme that would be even more pronounced on Planet P's follow-up, PINK WORLD: anxiety over Albert Einstein's work with nuclear physics being used to eliminate the human race. The songs here describe the fears of the Cold War generations, and anyone who was a teenager or adult before glasnost should own this CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Everybody Have Fun\" and \"Let's Go\" are terrific pop songs, catchy and with a beat.  I must've heard them (involuntarily) hundreds of times on my health club sound system over the years.  They are quite good.  \"Hypnotize Me\" and \"Eyes of the Girl\" are pretty good, too.  The rest are dull and boring, and the last one, \"World in Which We Live\" is pretty awful.I bought this record on vinyl when it came out, and rarely had the patience to sift through the tracks by lifting and dropping the needle.  Now, with all my music on my computer, I can pick and choose, and I've put the above four tracks onto my hard disc.  But for those of you looking to shell out money for a good new CD, it probably isn't worth it.  The four good songs are probably on some best-of collection, a better choice."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "My favoutite albums by Cher are her Geffen-albums, made between 1987 and 1992. It's this one, &quot;Heart Of Stone&quot; and &quot;Love Hurts&quot; (and the &quot;Greatest Hits 1956-1992&quot;, containing three new songs).  If you like any of the songs you've heard from these albums, you should buy  all of them, because they are great. They sound quite the same, but are  still, by some reason, very different. Diane Warren, Desmond, Child, Jon  Bon Jovi and Michael Bolton have written many of the songs on these albums  and they are great songwriters.  Buy this album, you'll love it! I like the  guita solos (some of them by Steve Lukather (Toto) or Richie Sambora (Bon  Jovi))."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After a string of albums that unfairly were overlooked by the mainstream (albums like Stars, Black Rose and I Paralyze especially), Cher signed to Geffen in 1987 and recorded a rock album that finally got people to take  notice.&quot;I Found Someone&quot; may have not been written for Cher  (Laura Branigan recorded it a few years earlier), but Cher makes the song  her own.  It is a rocker!  &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; is an all-time  gem that even Cher had remixed to put on her BELIEVE album. Some of Cher's  best vocals are on this song. &quot;Perfection&quot; is an underrated gem,  you hear Cher at her diva peak on the album.While some of this albums  production sounds dated 13 years later (Jon Bon Jovi, Desmond Child,  Michael Bolton were all at the top of their game), for anyone who remembers  this period, this album is a must-have."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I stumbled upon this album one day while browsing through music. I was familiar with her 1989 \"Heart of Stone\" release but not this  1987 self-titled album. It really an underrated treasure.I liked \"I found someone\" and \"We all sleep alone\" but I also liked the overall song of \"Main Man\". I really like the opening notes of \"We all sleep alone\".There's not a song on this album I dislike, Cher's powerful vocals sound great performing album-oriented rock material. I can hear and feel the emotions each song is supposed to convey. Diane Warren's songwriting and the production assistance from members of Bon Jovi were the perfect formula.I wish Cher had stayed with this type of material instead of trying to go into techno-disco."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd heralds a few choice cuts. They include &quot;We All Sleep  Alone&quot;, and &quot;Dangerous Times&quot;. Here Cher is moving and  dramatic. Her second two lps on Geffen were superior though, and &quot;Skin  Deep&quot; and &quot;Working Girl&quot;, are compositions that should never  have been selected. Cher has improved as a singer since this cd.Some will  love it for the hit &quot; I Found Someone&quot;, penned by Michael Bolton,  origional version by Laura Branigan. Cher cut the hit though.Not a bad  listen but Cher can be better.Chers first version of &quot;Bang Bang&quot;,  is much better in its' Sonny Bono Harold Battiste production. This one is  garish and hard."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Outrider was disappointing, and preceded the re-release of the Led Zep masters.  The story goes that Jimmy Page's master tapes for a double or triple album were stolen from his home - leading him to recompose this effort.  The basic idea of doing three styles - hard rock, instrumental and blues are here - and the blues numbers are the best.  But the guitar work is strangely bland.  As one reviewer puts it, this is an uneven work.  Plant's improvised &quot;The Only One&quot; doesn't do anything and John Miles - the vocalist - would do a far better job singing live on tour with Page.  The album also sounds too clean.  No grit whatsoever.  I rate this 2 and a half stars...."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With OUTRIDER, Mr Jimmy Page releases the album fans during the seventies always wanted but never received.  This is a Blue's Guitar Album.  WASTING MY TIME and PRISON BLUES draw from the hard rock well of the early days.  And why not?  It was Mr Page who dug that well.  The production quality is what you would expect, that is, something better than anyone else can do.  Robert Plant, Jason Bonham as well as the &quot;guitar orchestra&quot; make appearances.  If you are interested in hearing a Blue's Guitar album from Mr Page, this CD will interest you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'm not sure how I missed this album when it first appeared. I was in graduate school at the time and not buying many albums. Maybe that explains it. Anyway, there are some great tunes here. &#34;The Only One,&#34; a blistering reunion with Robert Plant, is the first one that jumps out. &#34;Prison Blues,&#34; with Chris Farlow on vocals, is a stellar blues guitar workout. Then there's &#34;Blues Anthem,&#34; again with Farlow, to close out the album. These are the most obvious highlights, but there isn't a bad tune here. Highly underrated."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "i'll make this short and sweet...this album is amazing.  ...i'll take you back to '84.  new music was growing...Valley Girl...that movie with the fanatstic soundtrack...the plimsouls &quot;million miles away&quot; jammin in the bar scene.  i was sold.  the ultimate record from the early eighties that still reigns true today.  great words...great music...great production...yet the sting of that pure raw garage band sound.  simply put?  get the CD...you'll thank me when you do.  as soon as you hear &quot;oldest story in the world&quot;, you'll thank me again.  i thank peter case everytime i jam...everywhere at once."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If the Plimsouls' Everywhere At Once is supposed to be New Wave, I just can't hear it. These twelve cuts sound like Rockabilly, and lackluster Rockabilly at that. The Stray Cats have done this stuff to death. There's an oh-too-familiar sameness to it all: the fast tempo gets boring. And the pedestrian drumming grates on my nerves. The work of the Plimsouls is interchangeable with that of the Go Go's, only the Go Go's are cuter, but just as banal. No doubt, Peter Case is a talented lyricist and musician, but the never ending Rockabilly gimmick wears thin."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Originally released in 1983, who could honestly forget this fun-to-listen-to new wave, power pop, alternative (call it what you like) band? Guess they disbanded after this record came out. Never one of my favorites but I remember this lp on the turntable at several college parties I hung out at back then. Tunes here I found to my liking were \"Shaky City\", the catchy \"Lie, Beg, Borrow And Steal\", their unforgettable 'signature' song {if you care to call it that} \"A Million Miles Away\", \"My Life Ain't Easy\", \"I'll Get Lucky\" and the surf guitar-like closer \"Hobo\". Nice! Followers of the Romantics, Goo Goo Dolls, The dB's and The Knack should really enjoy this reissue."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You Gotta Sin to Get Saved is her 1993 recording and her second solo album and is a straight forward rock and pop album that I picked up at my local library. It is far from bad but then again there is nothing special about it either. Heatseekers is the only song that charted on the billboard coming in at a respectable 12th position. The book-let is a travesty with font that is impossible to read, photos that look like a joke. The cover is not that nice and Ms Mckee looks drab in what she wears like she lacked a sense of fashion."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Maria soothes the soul with this, her second solo album. Backed by the Jayhawks and old-friends from her Lone Justice days, she rips through the songs--some originals, some cover versions--with abandon. For proof, listen to \"I'm Gonna Soothe You,\" which basically wraps you in its warmth. \"My touch is gentle, my body is warm ...\" she sings, stepping out from the speakers. She's sexy, saucy, inviting and sweet all at once; and envelops you with her passion. Further proof: Her wondrous remake of the Goffin-King classic \"I Can't Make It Alone\"; and her raucous ode to her Lone Justice days, \"My Girlhood Among the Outlaws.\" A true classic - and for $7, a no-brainer. Buy it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is most definitely a classic album from Maria. In fact, it's her best. I am sorry that it hasn't received more recognition from the new country community, but that's how the cards fall sometimes. Everything from the sweet memphis sound of &quot;I'm gonna soothe you&quot; to the bittersweet &quot;Only Once&quot;, is a showcase for the endless talents of Ms. Mckee. Like most of the alt-country she was bred on the punk sound of the eightees and traditional folk music that was ignored at the time. Her only misfortune was bad timing. The decade of Van Halen and Poison would have had a difficult time appreciate a work of art in this vein. If you like Chrissie Hynde and/or Janis Joplin, this album is perfect for you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this album after hearing (and loving)&quot;Spiderwebs&quot; and &quot;Don't Speak&quot; on the radio. I fell in love with it the first time I heard it. The only song that is not too good is &quot;World Go Round&quot;, but all the other songs are just too good to drag the record along. My other faves on the album include &quot;Sixteen&quot;, &quot;Different People&quot; and the title track. Sadly, thier other albums can't compare to this one. If you only buy one No Doubt album, this is it! This is one of the best CD's I own (Melanie B.'s &quot;Hot&quot; is the other)and I absolutely adore it. Get ready for a great ride through a &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;!!:)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tragic Kingdome seems like the most hyped recording by No Doubt.  With all those singles:  Don't Speak, Spiderwebs, Sunday Morning, etc.... I thought that this CD would be a classic.  Somehow, it is not.The thing is that in addition to the five singles there are ten other tracks.  And many of them just do not do anything special for me.  I think the hooks are less memorable as on Rock Steady and The Beacon Street Collection.  Sixteen is an exception as its a fairly catchy new wave rock tune. Different People has a nice jazzy beat to it with good horn arrangements.  And the title track has some interesting textures to its style.Therefore I count the recording as about a fifty fifty split between good songs and nothing special ones.  Therefore three stars seems like the right rating."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt's TRAGIC KINGDOM is a classic album from the mid 90s. It has a unique sound that no one else was making at the time. There is a unique mix of reggae, punk, and pop found on this album. I remember how huge it was at the time. It has really aged well...10 years on and it's still a very listenable album. Singles included \"Just A Girl\", \"Spiderwebs\", \"Sunday Morning\", \"Don't Speak\", and \"Excuse Me Mister\". The album has a whole is great and there is no filler! Classic!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt is one of the few bands who improves with each album.! Gwens vocals are far less whiny on this album,and the lyrics are more serious then their debut.!Althou their debut was a flop for them I *Love* it you should check that out as well.!This album spawned such major hits as &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot;, and &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;.!Which brought this ska band to super stardon they sold over 10 million copies of this album.! I bought this album without hearing a single song from it.!And I am proud to say I was NOT disapointed it is actually a good album.!If you are looking for something that is not over produced and more original then Britney Spears then check out No Doubt's &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;!!! The best songs here are &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot;, &quot;Excuse me Mr.&quot;, &quot;Sweet 16&quot;, and &quot;Different People&quot;.!But that's just my opinions!!!Just check out this album!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album made NxD famous. It made Gwen Stefani into a star.The first four tracks on the album set the scene. The whole album is represented by those tracks.The rest of the album is amazing, but some of the songs go over your head. But that just gives this album more replay value.I hope NxD release their new album soon. Till then fans, myself included, have \"Tragic Kingdom\" and the acclaimed \"Rock Steady\" to tide them over.Favorite tracks: \"Spiderwebs,\" \"Excuse Me Mr.\" \"Just a Girl,\" \"Happy Now?\" \"Sunday Morning,\" \"Don't Speak\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt beared platinum fruit with this delectable collection of charttoppers and sparkling So Cal/ska-meets-punk-meets-pop. This is an incredible album which showcases the amazing versatility of each member of the group and highlights Gwen's incredibly expressive and confessional songwriting. This album just gets you jumping up and down, and happy. With sing-a-longable songs and irrepresibly irrestible rhythms, how could you go wrong? They stay in your head and they make you happy. Perfect music for listening to on the freeway an hour before dusk. Ascension-like. Very recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd, which richly deserved its diamond status, brought ska and No Doubt to the peak of popularity.  While the ska fever has died down, this album and band remain vital in the music scene.  This album is, for the most part, a happy affair.  Gwen Stefani is for this band what Christine McVie is for Fleetwood Mac, someone who can make bouncy songs even about depressing subjects.  Anyway, this album is fantastic.  The title track descends into a cacaphony of clashing instruments, and other tracks, such as &quot;Don't Speak,&quot; &quot;Sunday Morning,&quot; &quot;Spiderwebs,&quot; and &quot;The Climb&quot; are also spectacular.  If you don't own this album now, what are you waiting for?  Buy it, listen to it, and love it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Though not a fan of much ska or hard rock music, this is a band I can't help loving. Beautiful, brilliant, thoughtful, creative and expressive, the sister and brother team of Gwen and Eric Stefani come together with three of their friends to create an album that knocked the socks off of everyone in the industry.From the satire in &quot;I'm Just A Girl&quot; to the metaphorical &quot;Spiderwebs,&quot; &quot;Excuse Me Mister,&quot; &quot;Sixteen,&quot; and &quot;Tragic Kingdom,&quot; the album displays what a rock band should be able to do. It's not just five people screaming about leprechauns only know what, it's five people dealing with problems of life- coming of age, discrimination, and unpleasant relationships. No candied apples or rainbows for this one of a kind band, only life experiences are expressed on No Doubt's debut album &quot;Tragic Kingdom.&quot; A must-own for anyone who loves music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I listened to this for the first time in a long time recently and was pleasantly surprised at how good it sounds.This is the ultimate No Doubt album - terrific sound of ska/new wave/pop.  Listening to this album again during our present penchant for 80's revival made me realize that \"Tragic Kingdom\" was about 10 years ahead of it's time.\"Spiderwebs\", \"Excuse Me Mr\", \"Just A Girl\", \"Sunday Morning\" and \"Don't Speak\" are all great singles.Hopefully this band will truly return to their great roots and return to this fine form in the near future...I think it's the perfect time!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd was the essence of the ska/punk genre, this cd definateley represents the best of the ska/punk mix as well.  Then to top it all off Tragic Kingdom is No Doubt's best release out of all of their albums.  From songs such as Don't Speak and Spiderwebs, Gwen shows off her amazingly strong voice, and does it very well.  From the punk riffs, to the bright ska sound from the horn players No Doubt made a huge impression on the world of music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt is probably the best alternative band out there, with second runners up by Garbage. My favorite tracks listed on TRAGIC KINGDOM are &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Just A Girl&quot;, and &quot;Don't Speak&quot;. I could actually really care less for the other songs on this CD, but I still enjoy No Doubt which was the reason why I gave this 4 stars. Anyway, if you love bands like Garbage than you should definitely get TRAGIC KINGDOM. Also get RETURN OF SATURN, which is No Doubt's new CD-release. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I just love Tragic Kingdom it has to be the best No Doubt album to date. It has four great singles Spiderweb, Just A Girl, Sunday Morning, and Don't Speak. This has to be the best album of the 90's and of '95 if you ask me. The whole album is a true rock album so don't think twice about getting this album because you might just miss out on a great thing. If you are looking for a great rock album it has to be No Doubt's Tragic Kingdom. Put this one in your collection today or you might miss out on a real true rock album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of the best CD's I have. But I think that they did a better job at their new album, return of saturn. Tragic Kingdom was released in 1995, and now it is 2001, so people still listen to their 6 year ago songs. NO DOUBT'S SONGS NEVER GET OLD!!!!!!THIS BAND ROCKS!!!!!!!I just keep loving their songs more and more and more,,,,and I am sure that I will still keep listening to TRAGIC KINGDOM EVEN IF I HAD IT FOR 6 YEARS NOW....  You are doing great guys....KEEP UP THE EXCELLENT WORK!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Not knowing anyone who doesn't own this, or love this, is not surprising. Tragic Kingdom is what brought No Doubt up the charts, with the classic ska ballad Don't Speak. A lot happend to the band during this album including the band's jealousy of Gwen being the only one noticed. As you listen, you can actually hear the true closeness this band has. This album in particular heads toward a rock-edge, with enough trumpets to explode the sound system. What makes Tragic Kingdom noteworthy is the bands adorable, yet rock-hard tune, and the incredible, fun-loving band itself."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "My favorite singer of all-time flourishes with this piece of Latin history called AMOR PROHIBIDO.  Her most recognized Tejano recording boasts charming pop/Latin tracks like &quot;Amor Prohibido&quot; and Selena's very own penned &quot;Bidi Bidi Bom Bom&quot;, and the ballady &quot;No Me Queda Mas&quot;.  I give this album 5 out of 5 stars because it shines poignantly like no other of Selena's Latin CDs!  It's not hard to guess why Selena would've been up there with the likes of Whitney Houston and Aretha Franklin.  This is a Classic and a MUST BUY in my mind - and I'm not even Hispanic!  She rules."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First of all I love this CD to death. My favorite track is Ya No number 10 because it shows her rock side of her but the whole album is my favorite there is not one bad track on this album and she explores with different sounds with this album compares to her others. She was just so funky with this album and you can tell how much hard work her and the band put into it. They had four number one singles from this album Amor Prohibido, Bidi Bidi Bom Bom, No Me Queda Mas and Fotos Y Recuerdos (Back In The Chain Gang). It was well produce and just a great album to listen to from start to finish so if you are getting into Selena this would be a good place to start to get to know what she did before her death because it shows you where she could of gone in the Latin Market."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With some exceptions, I think TD's music from the 70's is horrible. But not all of it. Ricochet is good and the song Green Desert I still think stands as one of their best. By my standards, Hyperborea is one of the best things they ever did. The sound is lucid and not a jumble of crazy, unrelated noises like I have experienced on some of their other recordings. Christopher Franke was still with the band and for my money, Tangerine Dream was one half Froese and one half Franke. The songs on this CD move well and are truly creative and original although you still have the same distinctive sound. With Franke gone TD is just not what it used to be. Every song here is good and the 20 minute \"Sphinx Lightning\" is the kind of stuff Tangerine Dreams are made of. The gradual changing of rhythms on this album is what makes it unique. Hyperborea, from 1983, still has to be one of their best."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Massive Attack's first album, BLUE LINES, was an exciting and novel release that offered a range of superb tracks that didn't let the listener down. Four years later, Massive Attack released PROTECTION, and this trip-hop band tripped up a little.PROTECTION nowhere offers the consistency that BLUE LINES did, and many of the songs are rather weak, especially the title track and &quot;Three.&quot; The last track, a live performance of The Doors' &quot;Light My Fire&quot;, seems pretty out-of-place.However, there are a couple of great tracks which stop this from being a bad album, the ganja-influenced &quot;Eurochild&quot; and &quot;Karmacoma,&quot; and the ambient &quot;Heat Miser.&quot; This songs make the album listenable, but somewhat disappointing all in all.Happily, Massive Attack's next release, 1998's MEZZANINE, is one of the best rock albums ever, and regains the perfection (surpasses it, in fact) of BLUE LINES."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a terrific album dating from 1995. Massive Attack use many different vocalists and instrumentalists, and the overall style is slowish urban 90's music with beguiling rhythms and cool voices. It is well produced and quite sophisticated. The title track Protection is one of my all-time favourite tracks by anybody. Tracey Thorn from Everything But The Girl sings this excellent song. Other ones I like are the slow groove Heat Miser and the unusual rhythm of Karmacoma, which I grew to like . There's a live recording of Light My Fire, which proves that Massive Attack are a good live attraction as well as being great in the studio. I listen to this album frequently and I can strongly recommend it to any people who like great music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This overrated album doesn`t do much for me. I don`t really see what`s so special about it, and I believe it`s the band`s worse record. The title song is a good opener, and &quot;Karmakoma&quot; is a great moment as well, but after the third track, &quot;Three&quot;, it all goes downhill and turns into an average and bland trip-hop/ downtempo record. The last song, a cover of &quot;Light my fire&quot;, is particularly weak and just puts me away.A disappointig and souless album, &quot;Protection&quot; is alright as background music, but not much else."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When I first heard this cd I was blown away. I love everything on it  except the Doors cover. The beats are fresh. The bass is thick. The layers  are perfect. Tracy Thorn has become one of my favorite singers because of  this record. It really made me re-evaluate where my music was going. In a  time when people swore grunge was the future of music these cats were  playing it ultra cool. In the question of 5 cd's I would take if stuck on a  desert island this would make the cut without thinking."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have always been a fan of Scarface since his first album. His aggressive stlye of rapping plus the social commentary puts him above the average rapper from the south. This second album has a lot of gems in it which are COMIN AGG, THE WALL, LETTIN EM KNOW, LET ME ROLL, YOU DONT HEAR ME DOE, DYING WITH YOUR BOOTS ON, NOW IF FEEL YA(deep old school classic), MR SCARFACE PART 3 FINAL CHAPTHER, HE'S DEAD and IM BLACK(deep record about police brutality). Filler: Still that n***a, Strictly For The Funk Lovers(stupid filler wher they pretty much say doodoochaser all over the record) and Funky Lil N***a(the little boy so wack its sidesplitting hilarious. Bottom Line: The World Is Yours is a classic that is that any Scarface fan will enjoy. Scarface's raps are still on point, the production was solid and he gave you a little insight on certain tracks. A definite must-have!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of my favorite albums of all time!! Scarface first solo album with no guest appearances (how many mc's can say that??). If you think you know hardcore hip-hop and u don't own this album.....WHERE HAVE U BEEN!!!The beats are so dark and hard that it would bury the average \"gangsta rapper\" trying to flow over them. But put that boy Brad (Scarface) up to the task and he tames them. Every song (yes i mean every) is a must listen. There are no interludes or shout out trks on here to be found. This is not just mindless \"gangsta rap\" this is Harcore Hip-hop at its finest..Hotep!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is real tight.I decided to buy this album because I heard the Luniz on my homie Dru Downs album explict game, back in 94'.I liked they rap so I got this joint, and I wasn't disappointed either.I mean the Luniz ain't as good as Dru Down but they good enough to listen to.This album features  Dru Down,Richie Rich,Shock G and others.The Beats on this joint is real tight nice and smooth grooves to ride to.The lyrics is what separates the Luniz from anybody else in the rap game thoy.Them fools be saying the funniest stuff you can think of and they just make it sound real tight in they street based raps.So if you like WestCoast music like me you'll like this and if you wanna get a good laugh this the one for you too no doubt."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Luniz debut album is a classic gangsta-rap album at gangsta-rap prime times. It's 2001 and I still like listening to it. So... I think it's off the hook! Maybe this ain't a well-planned album but that ain't a point of gangsta-rap. It's about repping the OAK on their G-level. Some people may know them from 'I got 5 on it' but there's much way better tracks on the album. I don't wanna dis' 'I got 5 on it' cuz that rtack a WestCoast classic but there's songs with better lyrics.  But I can admit that I really nod my head on \"I got 5 on it (+ the Reprise)\" and \"5150\", too. In addition, I can't dis' the Luniz 1st album in no way! That's a classic and everybody should'a admit it! Told: 5-stars!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Hey this is the first cd from the luniz, you might know them from that song, i got 5 on it. I bought this cd, basically because of that song, and thats all i got. i was hoping for a LITTLE more, maybe just one or two other good songs, but it wasnt happenening. The reason this gets a 3 star instead of 1 or maybe 2, is because the song, i got 5 on it, is such a good song, you could put it on a barbara striesand cd, and i would still give it a 3 stars, just for that one song. Go buy the cd, or the single of i got 5 on it, if they have it, just for that song, cuase you really need to hear that song."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Operation Stackola\", the debut album from the Luniz is one of the hardest rap albums I own. At first, I bought the album for the song \"I Got 5 On It\" (which went all the way to #8 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1995.) Then I went further into the album. My three favorites are: \"Broke H*'s\", \"Playa Hata\", and \"900 Blame a N***a\". If you want to buy a tight rap album, and be slightly nostalgic at the same time, buy \"Operation Stackola\"!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Its the reunion of Scarface, Big Mike, Willie D, Ganxsta Nip, DJ Ready Red & Bushwick Bill back in 199Six, better & harder beats than their previous N.W.A. era kicks, the Kings of Houston, TX are back commin' str8 outta 5th Ward!  A tight Horrorcore song on this track is I Just Wanna Die by that psycho Bushwick Bill, and the Hard-Thuggish Ruggish hit Niggas And Flies done by Willie D & Scarface!  This GB Album is waaay better than any N.W.A. or post-Geto Boy Tracks.  Best songs are 2,3,6,7,8,9,10,11,*12,*13 & 15."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When I saw the band name Sneaker Pimps I thought to myself who would name their band this? I was listening to \"Six Underground\" the very 1st song I ever heard and I liked it so I listened to more of the music and I thought to myself not bad.  Kelli Dayton has a very soulful voice yet a bit to edgy, I am not saying shes bad but sometimes she sounds like a kid. Shes a good singer though. Chris Corner and Liam Howe wrote some very good songs.Chris Corner is a better singer then Kelli Dayton, I mean dont get me wrong shes great but Corner was a bit better, this is a alright album so I gave it a 3."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was a breath of fresh air in 1997. The Sneaker Pimps are the awkward cousins of Garbage and the neighbors of Everything But The Girl, and as they march toward their latest release Blood Sport, they come with pretty decent material under their belt. Becoming X is a smooth, ambient-laced odyssey that at times seems so right and others just unnecessary and too sleepy for its own good. The best stuff is at the top of the disc: \"Low Place Like Home\", \"Tesko Suicide\", \"Six Underground\", and the title track. They all have their own charm though, mixing a punky attitude in some places, folky guitar in some, and Nyquil-ish trance in the others. One of those albums that starts off great and loses steam toward the end. Worth purchasing for the mentioned songs, and a few other elements. Maybe the electronic boom is passing. Who knows? Maybe Blood Sport and Moby's upcoming 18 can save the rave."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I will not have time to categorize the Sneaker Pimps, but one thing I can tell you is that lead vocalist Kelly Dayton was a great vocalist and Splenter is a completely different CD. If you were expecting the same because you heard Splinter, you might be dissapointed. This includes Ambient, Trip-Hop, and Techno without sounding too much like Tricky. The result? Not nearly what I expected.&quot;Spin Spin Sugar&quot; I thought, was a club song. But when I listened to the CD version I found out I was fooled. But &quot;6 Underground&quot; is still excellent with electronic guitar. I still think the title track, &quot;Becoming X&quot; was a lot more clubby than the rest of the album. However the sound still coporates through the album. Im too lazy to make a description so either a- just buy it and if you have to look at a review to buy it you must not be interested, or b- agree that this review is a waste of time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I thought Sneaker Pimps really had something going when I first heard &quot;6 Underground&quot;, but then when I heard the rest of the CD, I was very glad that I didn't buy the CD and just heard someone else's copy of it.  The songs are nothing like &quot;6 Underground&quot; and are lacking in both originality and artistic talent.  Not a good buy.  If you bought the CD, then you probably find yourself skipping through the entire CD and listening to the last song which was a remix by another artist.  The original is almost terrifying.  The rest of the CD is just garbage."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I really enjoy 6 Underground and Spin Spin Sugar, don't get me wrong. Those are great songs to have!! The rest of this CD was a big disappointment. It is unusual for me to prefer \"radio\" songs over the rest of an artist's offerings since the latter is typically more creative, in-depth, and genuine. However, for the rest of the album it appears that the Sneaker Pimps focused more on producing a sleazy, hiply dark image rather than making music. I was expecting a darkly sensual album when I bought this but the actual musical content leaves me hungry.  In terms of a truly full album in this kind of popular music, Garbage easily performs better.  If I could do it over again, I'd find the album and radio versions of 6 Underground and Spin Spin Sugar on singles or compilations instead."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Becoming X\" sounds like the trip-hop of a cold, advanced tech future with an approaching apocalypse. Yet, the music slightly glows with a human factor.Founded by Chris Corner(guitar) and Liam Howel(synth), The Sneaker Pimps released this debut record back in 1996, with amazing production from Line of Flight and Jim Abbiss. This is also the only Sneaker Pimps album where Kelli Dayton(later known as Kelli Ali through her solo career) lends her spunky vocals...and it contributes greatly to the attitude of \"Becoming X\".The album spawned two successful singles. `6 Underground' is a dreamy down-tempo techno-pop song that drove the success of the album. `Spin Spin Sugar' is fast, chaotic, bass-driven trip-hop that could fuel fire. However, every track on this record is great.`Becoming X' is one of my favorite electronica/trip-hop albums. I wish The Sneaker Pimps would've made more albums with Kelli Dayton, because magic happens!5 Stars!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am a big fan of most all types of techno. The Sneaker Pimps aren't the exception. With a hot lead singer who can sing with a band who make sounds basically, it makes me addicted at some points. The title track, Becoming X is my personal favorite because it reminds me of something Moby would make.On the other hand, Spin Spin Sugar sounds completely different on the CD from its version on the radio. It's much more longer and weirder. She cries at one part of the song. Then she starts laughing. 6 Underground is a perfect song which I still push repeat on. The remix(track 12) wasn't really needed because the only difference is adding the &quot;What's up witchu&quot; part in the background."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As a music fan and review, it is always healthy to bring yourself totally out of your element. I love rock prog blues and jazz. House is a genre I know next to nothing about.When I go to get my hair cut  and  stroll in to hear BOOM BOOM BOOM, I am not to crazy about the feeling. It feels to me music very young people dance, drink and have sex to. But when I heard this Daft Punk album was top of the line dance music, I got it.And like it. The beats are there, at  ranges a non-dance music fan is not used to. But hearing the synthesizer flourishes and the funky hooks here absolutely make this music to me. I am awed by the little needles of sound and rhythm shifts that pulsate through Daft Punk's music, which makes it to me an amazing musical experience.Probably this will not be a mainstay for me, but when I need a diversion, I know where to go."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The very first time I've listened to this album, I thought my player got broken or the CD was scratched, but then I listened again afterwards and noticed that it was actually the real sound of Daft Punk. No strings attached.After a few more times of listening and deep-diving it, I suddenly found myself hooked to the loops and beats of what could be considered the best Daft Punk album ever. A risky project which turned into quite a good electronic/house classic, as good for workout as it is for partying.Weird samples, extreme loops, mad beats and several other bizarre sounds made this album an essential if you're in it for electronic.\"Around the World\" is a true all-time gem, for sure.Strongly not recommended for \"Easy Listening\" or \"Adult Contemporary\" fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love daft punk. Its so original. It was there at the beginning. This is an excellent album. Look at how many reviews it has. This album got around and its so popular. How can you not like it. Sure it has its flaws, but what album doesn't. ( If you find one that doesn't please email me - crome06@hotmail.com) Its such a great one to listen to no matter how old it is. If you don't have this album there is no reason you shouldn't, and i don't throw 5 stars around mildly."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First of all, if you are new to Daft Punk, mostly because of Random Access Memories or the Tron: Legacy soundtrack and looking for more of there music; and you are not otherwise into electronica /house/techno, this is not a good place for you to start.  Your next album should probably be Discovery, as that's the closest thing to DP's more recent work in there back catalog.  If you can't get into that, you'd be advised to just stop there.This debut album is really early-- 1997, actually-- and is hard core club music: very loopy, very repetitive and mostly made to dance to.  And very electronic.  That is not to say that it lacks depth, however.  Active listening reveals many surprises and subtleties that make trancing out to it a great experience.  So if you like good electronic music, this needs to be in your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Paula Abdul's 1988 debut FOREVER YOUR GIRL sold five million copies in a year since the album's release. The same thing happened with Mariah Carey's self-titled debut 2 years later,Madonna's LIKE A VIRGIN album in 1984 and Whitney Houston's 1985 self-titled debut. This album remained on the charts through spring 1990. When STRAIGHT UP debuted on the radio in late 1988,the sales of the album rapidly increased. Other hits include THE WAY THAT YOU LOVE ME,KNOCKED OUT,OPPOSITES ATTRACT,NEXT TO YOU,COLD HEARTED and the title track. Another ten-track album with seven hits that I know of is Bryan Adams' RECKLESS album. A must for urban music fans. Also it's ideal for nightclub play."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Though Paula Abdul first gained notoriety for choreographing Janet Jackson's CONTROL videos, her debut FOREVER YOUR GIRL managed to thrust her into the pop stratosphere, firmly taking a place right next to...Janet Jackson. How's that for karma?  Of course, it helped that she was fully armed with an album full of strong dance-pop tunes--'Straight Up','Cold Hearted',and you know the rest. Even the non-singles here are terrific, particularly 'State Of Attraction' and 'I Need You'.  The only real sore point is the album's sole ballad 'Next To You', which did nothing but remind us that singing was never really Abdul's strong suit. Otherwise,this is a nice reminder of what an engaging and sincere performer Abdul was, and why current  pop princesses like Britney and Christina don't hold a candle  to our Paula."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I decided recently to pull out my old vinyl of Paula Abdul and spin this baby.Well I have noticed since I am now about 11 years older I realized Abdul's voice now gets on my nerves, and that her songs though they had  their place and time in 1989 just don't hold up well today.Songs like  &quot;Straight Up&quot;, &quot;Knocked Out&quot;, and &quot;The Way That  You Love Me&quot;, just don't infect me like some old pop songs do like The  Emotions &quot;Best of My Love&quot; or Lovin' Spoonfuls &quot;Summer in  the City&quot;....get the picture?Unless your an Abdul fanatic, all I  can say is this is really run of the mill pop with some infectious  hooks...I think if Madonna, or Deborah Gibson (who have stronger voices)  sang these dittys they may hold up better."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When this was was released, my friend loaned me a copy. During a get together, someone said that the album's \"all trash!\" But another giggled and admitted that he liked it. So it became the well loved trashy dance album of the 80s, giving Madonna and Janet Jackson a run in the pop dance market.The songs are very groovy. Besides the No 1s like Straight Up, Forever Your Girl, Opposites Attract and Cold Hearted, I especially like Knocked Out and I Need You. My only beef with this is that they did not put in the version of Cold Hearted which had Paula rapping.Many of of us ended up getting the accompanying VHS too to learn to dance like Paula."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yes I admit this was a good record, and sold over 7 million copies what ever! MR&gt;SKQUINTO again Paula was just new yes HOT was was predicted to last.  But better than Madonna and Janet BOY you got issues. Wheres Paula now? But I must say Forever your girl is a good album, But its forgoten, Even madonna's true blue is still is notice especially the album cover, sold more than 7.4 million copies in the US alone ill throw that in for record. Paula had her time, but now shes KNOCKED OUT!!! by madonna and janet..........................................."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Selling around 7 million, makes a good state, that this album is no mistake to buy it!, Paula Abdul debut album embraces the music of the end of th 80's and the welcoming of the 90's, she should be remember as the top artist of that slack of time cuz she was, better than Madonna and Janet. For my taste 9 of the 10 album cuts are great. Next to you(should be left out), The other songs are definetily great! and the 6 singles release in this album are just classic, sadly as most of all the albums in the eighties the radio version were slightly different but if you want that The Greatest Hits will do you good(beautifuly crafted all the singles version, way to go Virgin Records!!!). But as for all Forever Your Girl will be considered always one of time best debut album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ahhh... it's amazing what we think is cool when we are 14, eh? Just listening to this CD now in 2000 is like listening to a soundtrack of junior high. Back then, it was a fierce R&amp;B-tinged pop album with  strong rhythms and excellent production; today, it's more of a  paint-by-numbers wafer-thin voice warbling over a drum track. No one ever  called Paula Abdul a great singer -- sometimes it gets so bad, it sounds  like she is singing underwater -- but at times, the production here *is*  top-notch. &quot;Cold Hearted&quot; and &quot;Knocked Out&quot; are simply  two good-sounding, danceable songs. Verdict? Dated lightweight pop that's  just fun, with no real substance -- just like eating frosting right out of  the tub."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Say what you will about Paula Abdul--she doesn't sing very well and her music is often derivative--but one thing is certain: she came out with some of the catchiest songs of the 1980s. This album has all the ingredients of a hit: sharp beats, slammin' grooves, and Abdul's whiny voice, which, in a strange way, sounds good.  Standouts include &quot;The Way That You Love Me,&quot; the Babyface-penned &quot;Knocked Out,&quot; and the memorable &quot;Cold Hearted.&quot;  In the age of pale imitators like Britney Spears, we need an artist like Abdul more badly now than ever.  She was never remembered as a &quot;deep&quot; artist like poseur Alanis Morrissette, but she delivered some well-crafted pop tunes in her day."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was Roy Orbison's last album, which came out shortly after his death.  It went on to become his best selling album ever.  No doubt the publicity surrounding his death helped sales, but a lot of it had to do with \"You Got It\", which was Roy's last hit single.  \"You Got It\" is a great song, and there are several other fine songs here.  I especially like \"She's a Mystery to Me\" and \"The Comedians\".  This album makes a good final testament to the greatness of Roy Orbison.  Recommended to Roy's fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A sad, sweeping swansong that easily rates among his greatest works. In fact, it is probably the strongest LP of his career as it is imbued with a coherence and a complexity that binds these shimmering pop songs together.  His voice soars. Years had done nothing to diminish his multi-octave  crooning... and the wisdom of middle age had added a certain poingancy to  each trembling note. These are songs about lost love and broken dreams...  beautifully arranged, breathtakingly sung. The production is a little slick  and compressed, but Roy's voice is captured perfectly. You can hear every  nuance of his phrasing. Sadly,this album is often overlooked. I beleive it  stands as one of a handful of great records from the last two decades...  this from some one who was supposed to be &quot;irrelevant&quot; by the  beginning of the '70's. Roy Orbison, we miss you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After 7's debut disc was released at time when almost every R&B record released was A-1.Two-thirds of the trio are the brothers of producer Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds, and the other third is the cousin of Antonio \"L.A.\" Reid; the two produced the majority of the album, which features three smash hits and a host of other likable tracks. The singles released were Heat Of The Moment, Can't Stop and Ready Or Not. Can't Stop & Heat Of The Moment were both up-tempo dance numbers while Ready Or Not is one of the best slow jams released in 1989. However the one song to me that makes the CD a classic is \"One Night,\" an urban adult contemporary composition that was never released; it showcases Melvin and Kevon in an impressive vocal exchange over a mid-tempo rhythm."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD may only have 8 songs on it.  But each one of them is seriously all that.  Its like you can almost feel what they guys in After 7 are singing about.  I still remember hearing \"Cant Stop\".  I didnt know who it was then.  But when i found out.  I knew i'd found another great singing group.  \"One Night\" is hot as well as almost every other cut of this standout CD.I dont care what anyone says.  This CD deserves much props and After 7 deserves more recognition for bringing the goods on this CD.Check this CD out.  You'll wonder why you didnt get it sooner.  Those are my words."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album has stood the test of time. As I write this review 20 years after its release, the album still is sweet music to my ears. I bought the cassette in the winter of 1990 and fell asleep listening to it every night for the next 6 months. No matter how much I listened I never got tired of it.Track listing:1. Don't Cha Think 9/102. Heat of the Moment 8.5/103. Can't Stop 9.5/104. My Only Woman 6.5/105. One Night 10/106. Love's Been So Nice 7.5/107. Ready or Not 11/10!!!8. Sayonara 7/10"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A nice opening salvo in the Afro-Brit invasion; too bad that it never materialized as strongly as promised.  Still, this CD manages to hit all of the high notes while, for the most part, avoiding too many cliches along the way.  Some songs hold up much better than others over time - \"Back to Life\" and \"Fairplay\" are two good examples.  Some songs were good for the time, but now ound dated - \"Dance\" and \"Jazzie's groove;\"  others, like \"Feel Free\" are embarasments.  The rest of the disc is okay, but I have serious issues with whoever decided to put \"Dance\" and \"African Dance\" - two versions of the same song- back to back with each other."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of those bands that I can simply not compare to anyone. But sometimes those are the best ones. It's a great album from my senior year, that is probably better than I can put into words. My favorite song is &quot;Sweethearts&quot;. It's just got great guitar work, and an overall happy strummin' melody. Violin adds alot to many of these songs as well, especially on the great track &quot;Pictures Of Matchstick Men&quot;. They do it very well. Other cool songs are &quot;Borderline&quot; and &quot;All Her Favorite Fruit&quot;. After this album, &quot;David Lowery&quot; went on to do &quot;Cracker&quot;, and I think &quot;Morgan Fichter&quot; worked some with &quot;10,000 Maniacs&quot; and &quot;Jane's Addiction&quot;. But overall, not much satisfies like &quot;Key Lime Pie&quot;."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Break up albums have that distinct charm of not caring that allows one to relax and bare their soul.  It also finds bands gripping at something they once had but not quite reaching it.  Like the Smiths &quot;Strangeways Here We Come&quot;, another good breakup album, there are good tracks and forgettable material alike.Their political side is highlighted in the mysterious &quot;Jack Ruby&quot;.  &quot;Laundromat&quot; rocks and contains one of their best lines : &quot;Just give me some tension release.&quot;  Their are some nice moments on side two.  The uplifting spring heralding &quot;June&quot;, and the lovelorn &quot;All Her Favorite Fruit&quot;.  I do enjoy this album, but there is  an inconsistency to it that just makes me want for more."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "More Like 4.5 Stars. It is not a perfect record, but it is very unique and creative.  Key Lime Pie is slower than the albums before this one.  Dave Lowery writes witty and ironic lyrics which can make you think, laugh, or actually picture the scene for yourself.  The violin is absolutely soothing, even on the raunchy The Humid Press of Days. Borderline and I was born in a Laundromat are two best cuts. When I win the Lottery is down right hilarious.  This album will take time, so don't make your conclusion after the first or second listen. Let Key Lime Pie seep into your bloodstream and enjoy. Dave Lowery and CVB are genius! I will have the pleasure of purchasing New Roman Times when I get the chance.  Excellent!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Good late '80's independent college rock title. Camper Van Beethoven has never been one of my favorites but I've always liked their name. As fate would have it, I got to catch them at a special radio station show play a club for like $1.05. This being CVB's fifth CD, it's the title of theirs that I do like the best. Tracks that are always nice to hear again {whenever I pull this disc} out for a spin are the edgy \"Jack Ruby\", \"When I Win The Lottery\", \"All Her Favorite Fruit\" and their superbly done cover of Status Quo's \"Pictures Of Matchstick Men\". Got to hang out with their violinist Morgan Fichter after the show. Also saw her like a couple of years later on tour with Jane's Addiction. Pretty sure that was her."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Still fresh from the success of her breakout hit 'Happy Ever After' a year earlier, this sophomore album sees Fordham in fine form as she doles out her smooth-as-chocolate Brit soul with her indescribably warm pipes...She also betrays signs of her jazz roots in 'Your Lovely Face' and 'China Blue', as well as toying with bossa nova beats in 'Genius' (the lyrics read like a follow-up to 'Happy Ever After' with her concern for all that's wrong with the environment).A great album to listen with the lights turned down, and cool drink in hand."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I got a chance to see Julia live in 1994, and the concert she gave still  ranks in my all time top 10 that I have been at. This is the CD that got me  started with Julia. I was familiar with Happy Ever After from the video,  but Porcelain is much better than her first release. I think that  Porcelain, Falling Forward and East-West are all pretty damn good and rate  5 stars each.  She got a lot more air play and video play 10 years ago. I  wonder why she fell out of favor with VH1?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although vocalists Kym Mazelle, Victoria Wilson-James, Lamya, and Marcia Lewis perform well on their respective solos, the powerhouse performances of Caron Wheeler from the group's first album drops this recording down a few notches.With that in mind, the instrumental selections are clearly the better offerings here: \"Time (Untitled)\" and \"Courtney Blows\", are jazzy enough not to be pop and pop enough not to be jazz.That is Soul II Soul's contribution to the music industry: being something for everyone."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is actually one of the first CD's I ever owned so it holds a special place in my heart...That said, this has actually held up pretty well over the years. It's their second release; features a great combination of dance music, r&amp;b, and even a little jazz.  It's got a great vibe from start to finish; very solid throughout.  Very head-nod-friendly.Good stuff.  It's too bad this band basically fell off the face of the earth after this release."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I think Neneh Cherry is underrated. Certainly underappreciated. Since  1989's &quot;Buffalo Stance&quot;, &quot;Kisses on the Wind&quot; and  &quot;Heart&quot;, Neneh Cherry has been mainly forgotten in America. I  think 1992's Homebrew is the best of her three cds. It has great songs like  &quot;Buddy X&quot;, &quot;Peace in Mind&quot;, &quot;Red Paint&quot;,  &quot;Move With Me&quot;, &quot;Trout&quot;, &quot;Ain't Gone Under  Yet&quot; and &quot;Money Love.&quot; This is a great hip-hop/r&amp;b cd  that was generally overlooked by the public. A must have for any rock  collector."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...P>Lenny Kravitz has the amazing ability to take elements of 60s and 70s rock and make them sound completely modern.  There is no Jimi Hendrix imitation on \"Are You Gonna Go My Way.\"  Kravitz and his musicians have no aspirations of being Hendrix...they KNOW there's only one.  Some of the songs are driving and loud, others are soft and sweet, and Heaven Help is simply gorgeous.  I bought this album as soon as it came out in the spring of 1993 and it has traveled with me everywhere I've gone.  Whether I'm on a plane, train, long car journey, I can pop in this CD and know that I'll be entertained by an absolutely perfect rock album.  They are truly few and far between, and this one is a masterpiece."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Maybe not so much now, but when this album came out Lenny was the man! If \"5\" isn't his most popular album, this is. The title track and video was everywhere, rightly so. I like the first two albums a bit more, but this is still solid. \"Believe\" was another cool single, and I really think \"Heaven Help\" is a smooth song. No hits in the back of this album, but I still think it's almost as strong as the first half. I think the following album Circus was good too, but this was so huge it made Circus seem like it failed. Anyway, groovy album man."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Are You Gonna Go My Way firmly established Lenny Kravitz as a major rock star.  With the alt-rock scene at its peak in 1993, Mr. Kravitz's straight ahead rock sound stood out from the crowd.  Although he has been criticized for mimicking the sounds of artists like The Beatles, Sly Stone, Led Zeppelin and others, he plays his music with reverence towards his influences.  He takes those sounds and makes them his own.  The title track opens the album up and it is a cacophony of wicked guitar riffs, sledgehammer drums, pulsating bass and powerhouse vocals.  A truly great rock song.  &quot;Believe&quot; is an airy, mystical number while &quot;Black Girl&quot; is a funky come on.  &quot;Sugar&quot; is a stellar track as &quot;Just Be A Woman&quot;.  Are You Gonna Go My Way is a top notch effort."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ultra was their first post Wilder album and whilst it is not as good as Exciter it is the most inspired work that DM had created for quite some time. Songs like home, sister of night and bottom line all show what Fletcher, Gore and Gahan are capeable alone and without the dominering attitude of Alan Wilder. It was also the first time that they had employed outside artists to play on their records and the end result is quite amazing. They needed new blood and the idea to have outside artists come in and help with the recording is a stroke of genius. Dave Gahans vocals are not as good as on Exciter but they are much better then on SOFAD. This is an awesome synth pop album that should not be missed."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Seriously.  Just crank that puppy, and thrill to the way its glorious swooping bassline makes your subwoofer earn its living, and to the way it glides from DM's trademark minor key into major and back again, and to the way that it all just sounds so effortless.It clearly wasn't, of course.  These guys (now minus Alan Wilder) went through some well-publicized ugly times to get to the point that they were able to pull off _Ultra_ -- but they also managed to move beyond the stifling cynicism of _Songs of Faith and Devotion_ and come up with something catchy, cathartic, and occasionally quite moving.  I'd rank it right up there with _Violator_, _Black Celebration_, and (if I may plug a largely overlooked personal favorite) Mesh's _Who Watches Over Me?_ among the best albums ever released within its genre."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As far as pop music is concerned, Depeche Mode is one of my favotites (The Pet Shop Boys is my other favorite).  Ever since Black Celebration (i am not a big fan of their earlier material) they have been creating great  songs with memorable music and good, at times very dark lyrics.  Although  many songs on this CD  have a sad tone, most  of them have positive themes  like hope,love, and gratitude.  Occasional touches of electronica are nice  too."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I had never heard of Depeche Mode before &quot;It's No Good&quot; was  released. At first, i felt that David Gahan was a Bono look-alike, and his  voice just sounded like every other brit-pop star. After awhile I decided  to listen to the whole album. I fell in love with the dark yet danceable  sound of &quot;Barrel of a gun&quot; and the gothic sounds of &quot;The  Love Thieves&quot; and &quot;Sister of Night.&quot; &quot;Freestate&quot;  is an exceptional track, but the whole album could really kick Robert  Smith's ass (though I am a big-time Cure fan too). Put simply, this is  Depeche Mode at their best."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It seems after all these years, DM is finally comfortable.  That is what this CD conveys.  There aren't many tracks that would pack a club floor.  The mix is phat but minimal, almost stark.  The campiness is gone.  They have progressed from the old school analog synths, to more rich, complex, and deep sounds and percussion, fusing it all together with soothing vocals and harmonies.  Growth.  Experience.  Life.  These are the ingredients of Ultra.My favorites:  &quot;Barrel Of A Gun&quot;/&quot;The Love Thieves&quot;/&quot;Home&quot;/&quot;It's No Good&quot;/&quot;Useless&quot;/&quot;Sister Of Night&quot;/&quot;The Bottom Line&quot;/&quot;Insight.&quot;Other cool bands:  De/Vision, Distain!, Agnes Poetry, Iris."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Long before this album appeared in april 1997, I had the Depeche Mode fever. I felt something great was going to happen, especially after hearing Barrel of a Gun. When it finally came out, the album turned out to be even  better than expected. It still is getting better and better, after two  years. I love all the songs. Personal favourites are beside &quot;barrel of  a gun&quot; &quot;sister of night&quot; and &quot;the bottom line&quot;,  but my opinion changes all the time. One period I am convinced  &quot;Insight&quot;is the best track, the next I think it's &quot;It's no  good&quot; etc. Now I would say it's &quot;Sister of night&quot;. Black  celebration is my second favourite album. It's unbelievable that some peope  prefere older stuff like from the Speak and Spell and Broken Frame period  over this stuff. Those people haven't grown along with the band. This is  serious stuff."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The title track is a perfect Monk-style masterpiece... edgy, dynamic, and captivating.  It's obviously a difficult song to play, but I'm glad Monk had the patience to do it.  &quot;Bolivar&quot; is a stately blues, and &quot;Pannonica&quot; is another catchy blues.  &quot;I Surrender&quot; is a Monk solo song, and the 20-bit recording sounds great.  &quot;Bemsha Swing&quot; is the liveliest of the group, with Max Roach's tympanis providing the swing.  Sonny Rollins plays sax on this, and is of course superb."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This along with \"Criss-Cross\" have been roundly acknowledged as among the best the Monk has ever done.  Considering he had recorded dozens of albums, that's no small praise either.  This version of the classic album is a work of art in itself.  The mini-lp sleeve replica is very well done and it reproduces very faithfully the cover art on the original lp release.  In addition, all the tracks have been very well digitally remastered so that the sound quality is really very, very good.  This is by far the best version of this album that is currently out there.Recommended for all fans of Monk and of great jazz in general."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I do not need to add much to the reviews of the original album, it is a classic.Legendary Producer Orrin Keepnews has been honored with a collection of Remastered CD's of the albums he has been associated with; complete with liner notes. Since I am a more recent fan of Monk, this remastering gives me a reason to buy this highly regarded cd for the first time.  The high reviews do not disappoint... and my  education of thelonius monk continues!BTW - A second version of Pannonica is not a bad thing as far as im concerned. it is a great song!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On Brilliant Corners, the music was as challenging as anything he had done in the past, but now the public seemed to be ready for what he was doing. Many consider this the album to be a masterpiece, and rightly so. Max Roach's drumming on the title track sounds great--tight, and full of impact. &quot;Pannonica&quot; made its debut on this album, and features Monk on both piano and celeste at the same time. Originally recorded on the spur of the moment to fill space on the album, the tender &quot;I Surrender, Dear&quot; sounds like you're right there in the studio. &quot;Bemsha Swing&quot; is a bit sloppy, but Roach's tympani playing stands out much more than it did on the OJC version. The only problem I noticed here is a click at the beginning of the title track. Aside from that, it sounds fabulous."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On a shopping spree, I bought this one, speak no evil and maiden voyage. Well, after listening to all three, this one just stay in my cd player. Some of the best music ever recorded in any kind of music. Beware: it was recorded by Mingus on a portable equipment. The sound quality is not for this age of 2000 bit digitally remastered. Sometimes the players are recorded at differnet volumes throughout the album. But dont let that prevent you from listening to this amazing, work of art. If No Parker, no Miles, no Coltrane, no Mingus, etc."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd is an amazing document. If this was the only surviving artifact of the 20th century, of human civilization tout cour, then future races and alien species will undoubtedly be in agreement (however naively) that we were giants, that we, as a people, humans, earthlings, had emotional depth, a refined aesthetic sense, humour, intellectual refinement, and anything else you would want and hope for in sentient beings. The music here is perfect, sublime, peerless in its execution, epic in its scope, minute and detailed like the most finely wrought baroque trifle. Everything that it is to live and die in this world finds expression and reflection here. Unbelievable. Unforgettable. Unsurpassed. (100stars!!!!!!!!!)I don't know where I find some of the words contained here, anyway ..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This recording is an essential addition to any serious Jazz collection, capturing as it does five Jazz giants recorded together for the one and only time.Charlie Parker is on Alto Sax, Dizzy Gillespie Trumpet, Bud Powell Piano, Charles Mingus bass and Max Roach on drums. From the first number \"Perdido\" you know this something special. A medium tempo version which never stops swinging. Gillespie in particular is in fiery form on this number. On \"Salt Peanuts\" Bud Powell plays a memorable solo, which precedes a thunderous drum solo from Max Roach.The atmosphere is fantastic with the crowd applauding the musicians solos, and sometimes you can hear the musicians cajoaling each other to better performances. Considering the recordings are over fifty years old the sound is pretty good. The only reason this doesn't get five stars is because there is a newer 'complete' version of this recording.Sadly Max Roach the last surviving member of the this quintet has just died."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Man, this is one great CD. This and \"Straight No Chaser\" are my two favorite Monk titles, and Monk is my favorite jazz artist. It doesn't get much better than this for me - until I came across this SACD hybrid version. I love it! They obviously remastered the CD using DSD (instead of just grabbing the latested PCM remaster and sticking it on the disc along with the SACD layer) because this CD layer blows every other remaster of this title out of the water. It's 1957, this is one of the first stereo jazz recordings made, and they got it right."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ok, this set has several of Monk's classsic compositions and is solid throughout. How could it not be with Monk , Coltrane, Blakey and Coleman Hawkins. I will say this..You WILL NEVER hear a better rendition of Ruby My Dear than the one rendered here. Hawkins playing is absolutely magnificent on that track. It would be worth the price of this cd just for that one cut. The bonus is that the rest of the cuts are extremely well played Monk Music so you can't miss with this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Is this the best Jazz album of all time?  Maybe.  Monk is joyful, abstract, and totally in control on this June '57 session.  But what really kills me is the quality of the compositions.  Monk was, in my eyes at least, first and foremost a Composer (yes, with a capital &quot;C&quot;) of the highest order -- I put him right up there with Mozart, Ellington, or Lennon/McCartney.  Every tune on this outstanding release is, quite simply, a masterpiece: &quot;Off Minor&quot;, &quot;Well, You Needn't&quot;, &quot;Ruby, My Dear&quot;, &quot;Crepuscule with Nellie&quot;, and &quot;Epistrophy&quot; are all stunning in their complexity and endlessly rewarding, even after dozens (or, in my case, thousands) of playings.  This is Art (yes, with a capital &quot;A&quot;) of a rare and lasting beauty and a must for any collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Taken from three distinct recording sessions - with bassist Percy Heath being the only consistent sideman - the album was released in 1954.Featuring musicians like Kenny Clarke (d), Art Blakey (d), Horace Silver (p) and Charles Mingus (p), the material is from May 19, 1953; March 15, 1954 and April 3, 1954. The eight tracks clock in at 30:05, with Miles Ahead and the title track edging away from the tight pack of quality music.The playing may not be fast and furious, but the sound is smooth as Miles is churning out cool grooves."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'll start by saying that this is not the issue of Straight Ahead that I own. I have this as part of the Eric Dolphy Complete Prestige box-set that I reviewed here however many years ago, which was remastered more recently than this issue. So, my review is just on the performance and the quality of the album, not the sound.I love this album! It will always stand in the shadow of Blues &amp; the Abstract Truth because unlike Abstract, this album isn't packed full of as many of the big names in jazz, but don't let that fool you. This is also a classic album.There are times here where Dolphy swings like a demented circus performer, and Nelson is (as usual), dripping with blues and soul. The tunes are great and the performances milk every last drop of loveliness out of them. This is one of those albums where I tend to think that no jazz collection could be considered complete without it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the second of the 4 albums issued by Prestige at the end of Davis's association with the label. Four of the six titles come from the 10/26/56 date and two from 5/11/56, same personnel: Miles (tp) Coltrane (ts) Red Garland (p) Paul Chambers (b) Philly Joe Jones (d).Sonny Rollins's OLEO, based on the I GOT RHYTHM changes, is a great tune; this version is not quite as good as the original one done back in 1954 when Rollins was with Davis, but it's taken faster and really burns. YOU'RE MY EVERYTHING is a slow ballad that goes to double time for Coltrane's solo - a beautiful performance.All four of these Prestige releases are consistently fine (all the titles were recorded in one take only). The epitome of hard bop in the mid-50's. Great stuff."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lay whatever you have heard before aside.  Put aside all your pre-conceived notions about what &quot;great&quot; Miles actually is.  Try not to think of any &quot;concept&quot; albums, or story-line albums.  This  one will speak for itself.This, by far, is the best, and certainly my  favorite, Miles release ever.  What an incredibly broad thing to say about  such a legend!  I know. And before you either wholly dismiss me, or begin  cussing me, hear me out.Out of all the Miles I own, this is the one I  reach for time, after time, after time.  It is amazing.  It is beautiful,  from start to finish. This is exactly like &quot;Chet&quot; by Chet Baker.  It just doesn't get any better.You will love this, and if you give it  the chance, you will understand what I mean."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Miles Davis, John Coltrane, Philly Joe Jones, Red Garland and Paul Chambers formed one of the truely immortal groups in jazz history.  This session which was recorded in the famous Rudy Van Gelder studio in 1956 was one in a series of recordings that the quintet made during the summer-fall of 1956.  The other recordings that this famous group made was Steamin, Workin and Walkin.  What a series they made, and all of the recordings are an absolute must have to the serious Miles Davis/Jazz enthusiast.Highlights of this wonderful recording are &quot;If I were A Bell&quot;, &quot;Oleo&quot;, and &quot;It Could Happen To You&quot;.  But each and every song are a pure delight.  Highly, highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "THis Disc is Rich in Sound&amp;Quality.Miles Plays with Such Passion&amp;Energy.His Band is Very Top Notch as well.Strong Chemistry makes for Classic Music.this is in a Long,Long,Long, Line Of Great Albums  From this Genius.Not Only Was He Banging on His Instrument but His Genius  at getting the Right Players is Amazing as well.Nobody Before or Since has  had as Many Great Players Alongside as Miles.Maybe Duke Ellington&amp;James  Brown but Overall You Gotta Give Miles The Edge at Having the Best Talent  Around.He is The MAN!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Wes Montgomery was truely gifted at the guitar. He couldn't read a single note of music but his style was very distinct, he used his thumb to play the guitar, he also used incredible octaves in his style as well as tremendous solo's. Boss Guitar for me was Innovative for any jazz guitarist. It showed Montgomery's creativity as a musician. Besame Mucho is a beautiful song, Dearly Beloved shows Montgomery's creative side, Fried Pies is my favorite, for me it has everything a jazz solo should have octaves, block chords, and tremendous playing from the heart. I recommend this to any guitarist out there weather you play the blues or rock. Try learning these solo's and i guarantee you will be one hell of a great guitarist. This is Highly Recommended!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Without a doubt, one of the five best jazz albums ever made is this 1956 masterpiece. Recorded in a single day at Rudy Van Gelder's living room/studio, Sonny Rollins earned his place as a legend with &quot;Saxophone Colossus&quot;. Aided and abetted by powerhouse drummer Max Roach, pianist Tommy Flanagan, and bassist Doug Watkins, the quartet plays with the precision of a chamber orchestra, and swings just as hard. It's not very often that you hear an album where the musicians are so in tune with each other. From the breezy sway of &quot;St. Thomas&quot; to the final notes of &quot;Blue 7&quot;, Rollins and company shows how it should be done. This newly remastered edition finally sounds as great as the original vinyl pressing but without the hefty price you'll shuck out for an original copy. No serious jazz fan should be without a copy of this amazing album in their collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sonny Rollins was at the time of this recording one of the greatest and most innovative tenorists. Today his stature is possibly somewhat overshadowed by that of John Coltrane, as Coltrane's individualism and innovative powers are very obvious. In his own way, though, Rollins also made a very important contribution as an innovator - perhaps especially in his handling of rhythm. In any case, he was certainly one of the most satisfying tenor players of his time, with a hard drive on up-tempo tracks, and melodious (never sentimental) lyricism on slower numbers. His phrasing was always interesting, articulate, and musical. This is an excellent record which shows him to great advantage, e.g. in \"St Thomas\" and \"Moritat\", though I personally think he is even more exciting when heading the trio on \" A Night at the Village Vanguard\", as, in truth, no pianist could really match him satisfactorily as a soloist, and he does not need a piano as an accompaniment. - Joost Daalder"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sonny Rollins' \"Saxophone Colossus\" is one of those albums that you could listen to 20 times in a row and never tire of because it's just that good. I've owned this recording for a couple of years and I still return to it from time to time. Rollins' warm, round tone makes this album the masterpiece it is, but that's not to discount his group for this session: Tommy Flanagan on piano, Doug Watkins on bass, and Max Roach on drums, who provide excellent support. This is a classic for reason. Want to find out why? Pick this up today. An essential jazz recording."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Chet Baker - Sings...It Could Happen To You. 180g vinylEvery trumpet player is really a singer...they just sing thru their instrument but on &#34;It Could Happen To You&#34; Chet actually uses his voice!This album is way too cool and relaxed.......lounge meets cool jazz !  On this album Chet picked 10 standards of the day and used his voice as a trumpet!  But there are no &#34;Bla Bla's or nonsense syllables here just Chets soft voice singing as if he was playing trumpet  ."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's hard for me to imagine that some jazz experts think that Chet's singing is a mere novelty act; a pop-side to the trumpeter's career...IMHO - Chet is a BRILLIANT singer: relaxed, cool, musical, laconically ironical and yet sometimes quite emotional; of course, he couldn't sing in the opera, but I'd really like to hear Pavaroti or Carreras achieve such subtly swinging moods as Chet does on this great album.Accompanied by Kenny Drew (p), Sam Jones (b) and Philly Joe Jones (dm) Chet is even harder swinger on this effort than on some of his other singing gigs (f.i. with Russ Freeman on piano) so, all I can say is - relax and enjoy it. Even if those experts I mentioned in the beginning are right, I still say they're wrong!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have several Rollins albums in my collection like \"The Bridge\", \"Alfie\" and \"Saxophone Collosus\" but this one gets the most play on my system. Why?  It is a very free form Rollins captured spontaneously in the studio with probably the most empathetic sidemen he has ever had:  Shelly Manne and Ray Brown!!  A perfect example of this is when Manne completes the drum roll on his solo, Rollins duplicates this on his sax--pure alchemy!!  So if you're starting a Rollins collection, start with this one or \"Saxophone Collosus\"--you can't lose on either one!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sonny was in his absolute prime when he cut Way Out West. No tennor ever had a better tone than &quot;Newk&quot;, and that includes some very exclusive company, (Clotrane, Getz, Shorter, etc.) The painstaking remastering job here brings out the brillance of his majestic sound. To me Sonny's pharsing has always had the same inherent rhythem as the great post-war singers like Sinatra and Tony Bennett. Without a single bad note or overstated pharse, Way Out West is some of the best hard-bop you'll ever hear. Fortunately Sonny is still going strong and at seventy-something he is still producing vital music for us to enjoy."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although not as strong and flowing as the superb \"Saxophone Colussus\" this record still contains some very good tracks. In particular I liked the swinging songs of \"I'm an Old Cowhand\", \"Wagon Wheels\" amd \"Way Out West\" which showcase some great solos from Sonny Rollins.Bassist Ray Brown and Drummer Shelly Manne make worthy contributions with some excellent solos of their own in the rhythm section but feel a little dissapointed with the absence of piano or guitar. When listening to all the songs it sometimes feels in my opinion as if there is something missing eventhough Sonny's playing is mostly wonderful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Don't be fooled by the number of tracks (four) - you definitely get your money's worth on this one.  Isaac Hayes really showcases his ability to rework standards by composers like Burt Bacharach and Jimmy Webb.  You would never believe these weren't written to be mellow grooving soul.  From the cynical, ironic, Gen-X perspective, the intro to &quot;Phoenix&quot; seems a little too long and silly, but by the last few minutes of the song, you finally see where he was going with it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have been a Mobile Fidelity fan for years.  To be sure their product is always top shelf.  This release is no exception...it beats the socks off of the regular issue in terms of musical presentation.  Still, this recording would shine in 5.1 surround, so come on MoFi, give us a 5.1 presentation.  Sure I know your contract with Sony (CBS) prohibits you from releasing 5.1 CDs of their products, but this is NOT a CBS product.  If you got the original master tapes, getting the original 8 track master would not be much more difficult.  Please try a little harder next time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...until you hear the entire intro to 'walk on by' you aint heard nothin!!!! how many albums do you know of that play for a full two minutes before you even hear the artists' first words?!?! and i dont care how shaky brother ike seems in his intro for 'by the time i get to phoenix' that is still some phat stuff... it might start slow, but ends tight as hell...'one woman' is good and erbody and they mama done sampled 'hypo..hippo...hypobobolistic....' TRACK #TWO!!!! (yall know what i was tryin ta say!)...but if you scurred say you scurred...."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Walk On By&quot; completely altered the sound and scope of 70's soul and &quot;Hyberbolicsyllabicsesquedelamystic&quot; re-wrote the book on length, sound, texture and content in most popular music, oh, and it GROOVES LIKE A LOCOMOTIVE! This sprawling masterwork (containing only 4 tracks) is still an impressive LP more than 30 years after it's release and dozens of other soul/rock artists followed the path Hayes laid down. There is not a moment wasted here and Hayes proves himself to be a writer, arranger, composer and player without peer.Essential Listening."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...I love this because it has that ultro long version of &quot;Walk On By&quot; (I used to boast to my 45 singles buying friends that they did not know how much they were being cheated)(Da-da DA-da DA-da Daaah-Duuum!) and the big hit you never get to hear anywhere--not even on classic soul radio--&quot;By the Time I Get to Phoenix&quot;...where you can imagine that dude going back to the hills of Tennessee after Iko's fabulous set up. The Barkays and the precursors to the Movement? Awesome. Get it and blow your mind."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was the first album of the Staple Singers that I purchased on CD. I mainly got it to find out how their hit Respect Yourself sounds as well as I'll Take You There. I'm sure pleased that I did get this CD. Respect Yourself is almost five minutes long (while the single of it was only three and a half); this song is one of my favorite of theirs, as it tells you that if you disrespect anybody that you run into, you are disrespecting yourself as well. That is a great song. I also love I'll Take You There. The single of it is about three and a half minutes long, but on this album, you get the song in extended form. Love this song too!! I also like: This World, Are You Sure, We the People, I'm Just Another Soldier, and Name the Missing Word. Love this group. I have every one of their Stax album titles on CD. These folks are full of soul!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like most 1970s Isaac Hayes albums, To Be Continued mines the revolutionary direction the Black Moses laid withHot Buttered Soulin 1969--taking pop songs and making them into huge, funk-orchestral odes.On Hot Buttered, this was unprecidented. To Be Continued is almost as good. But the hard funk edges here are beviled down, in favor of lush balladry essays. This is certianly a viable direction, and it is amazing to hear Hayes carve out huge caverns of sound from consice AM pop tunes.If the funky spikes had been maintained, at least for a number or two, this may have made for a better album, but for technique and the massive arranging talent that was Isaac Hayes, its hard to argue against this album"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "But it's not. Any way you slice it though it's still good. The weak spot here was the cover of \"Our Day Will Come\". However, it made up for it rather nicely with the cover of \"The Look Of Love\" which has reminiscence of the Philly Soul sound from the 70's. His was an even better version than Vanilla Fudge's. He also did a top notch cover of \"You Lost That Loving Feeling\". I write this not because we happen to share the same last name, but because it's some good sounding soul music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album, like its two predecessors defined Ike's work.  He shows his continued ability (having already proven himself an first rate writer) to take great songs in their own right and rearrange them to make them new and  different classics.  &quot;The Look of Love&quot; is a masterpiece, which  must give its creators new found pride.  However, there is no song like  &quot;You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling&quot;:  Sure enough a great work by  the Righteous Brothers.  A whole 'nother smoke when Ike puts his inimatable  stamp on it.A worthy successor to Hot Buttered Soul, and The I.H.  Movement.  Like those (unlike what followed) no filler."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember hearing \"Woman to Woman\" when it hit the Top 40 back in 1975. Good song, but it didn't particularly rock my world. And I think that was the last time I heard much from Shirley Brown. But she kept recording music, most of it very good by all accounts, and when I saw this album pop up in a local shop recently, memories of 1975 came bursting back and I thought: why not buy it? Well, I did and I'm very, very happy that I finally listened to more than one song by Shirley Brown. Wow, what a voice! Why wasn't she up there with Aretha, knocking down the soul barricades during the rest of the 1970s? Some really great songs on here, many with much more sass and oomph than \"Woman to Woman.\" Soul fans, check this one out. Very impressive album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in 2005, one of my favorite artists by the name of Jaguar Wright re-made the song \"Woman To Woman\" on her album, Divorcing Neo 2 Marry Soul. I instantly fell in love with the song and I just had to hear the original. So I bought this the other day.Before listening to the album straight through, I had to cheat and listen to her version. No disrespect to Ms. Wright, but... there's just no comparison! Shirley is an amazing soul singer and she delivers the lyrics with true skill, expression and class. Why is she not more well-known?! Going through the rest of the album, I loved it just as much as the title track. I especially enjoyed \"It Ain't No Fun.\" When Shirley speaks in her songs, it really feels genuine, unscripted and exclusive. This is a great 70's soul album and I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This release reflects the creative minded artist roster that STAX created during it's heyday. The concept was right and the music is quite inspiring on this collection,theirs not much that can be said that has'nt already about this 1970 classic,however I would like to add that although Booker T Jones was and still is one of the grooviest Hammond B-3 players around he is also a very underrated Blues Pianist as he has displayed throught his career. Anyone interested in more STAX should check out oneline(or visit as I have) the STAX museum in Memphis,check out their website."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Damn!  When the sax comes in at the climax (no pun intended)of &quot;Help Me Love&quot; you just have to take your lover in your arms and dance.  This is just one of so many brilliant moments to be found in the two sprawling discs of &quot;Black Moses.&quot;  Isaac Hayes' orchestrations and musical conceptions transcend any notion of the 1970s or &quot;soul music&quot; for that matter.  The much-sampled &quot;Ike's Rap&quot; movements deserve special mention as well.  You need this in your life."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Black Moses\" is Isaac Hayes' finest and most accomplished album ever. His stunning remakes of \"Never Can Say Goodbye\", \"Part Time Love\", \"They Long To Be Close To You\", \"Your Love Is So Doggone Good\" and \"For The Good Times\" have him literally reinventing these hits and making them all his own in the process. Lush and ultra-smooth string arrangements and orchestration are ever-present on most tracks that add a haunting quality which matches Isaac's deep baritone and romantic (yet at times wistful) vocals perfectly. This album remains a stone classic of '70s Soul while serving as a precursor to what the late Barry White would do shortly thereafter."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the first pop two-disc box sets is now on one CD. The title refers to Donovan as the \"prince of flower power\", the \"Garden\" being his fans. A must for both young and old. Donovan wrote the liner notes (the first half of the disc's lyrics are very small, being copied from the LP sleeve. The \"Songs For Little Ones\" half begins with the wailing of Donovan's son (probably Donovan Leitch Jr. who was born around the time). Like many of his tunes they are simple and childlike. He even pays tribute to his mentor Derroll Adams in the last song \"Epistle to Derroll\".It should be noticed there are many references to sea and aquatic life (a recurring Donovan theme) so this is the perfect album for a summer's day!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It seems to me that in 1966 Donovan was already in that special asteral plane The Beatles, Stones, Beach Boys and everyone else was seeking to be. Sunshine Superman and Mellow Yellow were but glimpses of the cosmic landscape Donovan would lay on us in A Gift From A Flower To A Garden. And if that was not enough, the addition of For Little Ones, is as near a perfect compilation of charming English childrens songs, as can be found this side of Atlantis. In a world full of tinkers, magpies, enchanted gypsies and starfish, Donovan resides as the man-child truberdour strumming his guitar and banjo as he sings us all to sleep."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was one of the first albums I'd every purchased. From here I went on to collect most of Donovan's songs, and then later do it again. This is a fitting title, for it is a gift, still. Donovan, despite losing favor among modern poet-songwriters, is under-appreciated, in my opinion. The 22 songs on this album are among the best composed and released by Donovan. At the time this was originally released, in 1967, I found the popular Kahlil Gibran to be exceedingly compatible with thoughts and sentiments expressed by Donovan in song. Those who enjoy one should also enjoy the other."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Depending on how one views the landscape, this could be seen as the second solo effort by Ian Anderson, since the Jethro Tull album \"A\" was slated to be Anderson's debut, but was released under the band's name due to a decision by record company executives.Released in November 1983, it is a collaborative effort with keyboardist Peter-John Vettese that strides back into the progressive rock/electronics of \"A.\" The 10 tracks are equally split between Anderson and Anderson/Vettese compositions, while clocking in at 38:29.The standout selections are Made in England, User-Friendly and Different Germany. The electronic period of Anderson (solo/band) is oftentimes overlooked by fans and critics, but it shows an artist attempting to use a variety of paints on a familiar canvas to keep the sound fresh, which is a creative walk down a lane of brilliant light."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Obviously, from all the other reviews posted here, there is quite the chasm between the love-or-hate-it listeners.  I am here to comment only on the audio.The original, now out-of-print 1990 Chrysalis-label CD was just an LP-EQ'd master transfered to CD.  The 1997, also now unfortunately OOP UK BGO-label version, was properly remastered for CD, and is head-and-shoulders the superior version of the two.So, if you are going to buy this somewhat controversial album, at least get the version that sounds the best... The BGO."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ian Anderson's 1st solo album,well what's so different about that, virtually every Tull album since Mick Abrahams departure is an Ian solo album. Of course this had to happen in the early 80's when everyone made their stinky synthesizer robot boy album and this one's no exception. Like The Human League with a flute player. Very Un-Tull, so was Under Wraps; at least 'A' had Eddie Jobson, chops a plenty, and still a nod or two to the more earthy past. Pass on this one please!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I found this title on a list of 'best psychadelic rock albums' and had surprisingly never heard of it. I've always been a huge fan of Jefferson Airplane and Pink Floyd, but have never really expanded my psychadelic horizons to the lesser known bands. The album is great all the way through with an excellent variety of lyrics, instrumentation, and melodies that maintain your interst. Its feel is much the same as 'after bathing at baxers' from the airplane. If you like that album, you will definitely like this one. Any fan of the classic psychadelic bands will find this album a nice addition to his/her collection. Only thing that I didn't like about it was the bonus tracks that included many of the same tracks as the album proper and didn't really contribute anything new. Overall, any fan of psychadellic rock should have this."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Originally released in 1968, as this was the Los Angeles short-lived psych band's only record, unfortunately. Wound up liking this CD reissue much better than I had expected. With this Sundazed reissue, you get the lp's initial ten songs + ten more bonus cuts tagged on for good measure. Thoroughly enjoyed a couple of their awesome [undiscovered psychedelic gems] \"Cloud Song\" followed by \"The Garden Of Earthy Delights\", the quirky \"I Won't Leave My Wooden Wife For You, Sugar\", the harmony vocals enriched \"Where Is Yesterday\", the adventurous six-minute ahead-of-it's time \"Stranded In Time\" and \"Metaphor For An Older Man\". Turns out the extra tunes you get on this disc isn't bad either. Recommended for fans of Druids Of Stonehenge, Fifty Foot Hose and early Jefferson Airplane."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yes, I love this album. This Sundazed version is preferred because of all the bonus tracks and the edifying interviews with Byrd and Moskowitz. And, of course, the sound. The Edsel release is also nice and actually more like the original because the original had no bonus cuts either (!), but it has some booklet comments. Got the virgin vinyl through a mail order house called Records Unlimited--pretty modern for those days, eh? So here we have a few crazy university people manifesting a well-composed and mighty trippy psychedelic record for posterity--and extra credit, I presume. A brilliant odd duck swimming amongst all the less brilliant ducks. A singular creative adventure completely worthy of years of happy listening. Inspiring enough that I even took a whack at playing a couple of these tunes in public. Wanna see faces get weird?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What Kind Of Man Would I Be is A Great Song.Sadly the SLow-Jams have Overtaken Mint So it's Hard TO Really Appreciate their Overall Ability to Play Many Different Styles.Rick James,Earth,Wind&fire,Gap band,Lakeside,Ohio Players&ew Jack Swing among other styles among others you can Hear on them.Minneapolis is in THE HOUSE On Ain't Hookin'Me  Up Enough which Sounds Alot Like PRINCE'S If I WAS YOUR GIRLFRIEND.Funky  Weekend would fit Perfectly on A New Time Album.The SLow Cuts SHow More  Originality than The Up-Tempo Stuff.Still You Gotta Give them Props For  Being A Real BAND In These Watered-Down Days Of R-N-B.I Prefer the 2nd Disc  Overall as their Best."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After thirteen years in the music business,Toni Braxton is an R&B legend. On her debut album,this one,Braxton pleases her fans with ANOTHER SAD SONG,which \"hips and hops\". It \"says so much\" like a similarly entitled Elton John composition and recording. BREATHE AGAIN is very smooth R&B and so is YOU MEAN THE WORLD TO ME. Some of these songs were written by Diane Warren who wrote hits for Michael Bolton. Braxton's rise to fame led to a duet recording with ex-Doobie Brother Michael McDonald for his MOTOWN 2 album,released last year. The other songs are great. There is a short reprise of BA,which is Track 12 of this CD. Braxton also caught the attention of Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds and Antonio \"L.A.\" Reid who served as producers and session musicians for this album. Currently,Reid is president of Arista Records who also produced music for Avril LaVigne."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The one thing about this CD is how Babyface and Toni Braxton have the same style.What a perfect match.When I first heard &quot;Another Sad Love Song,&quot; I was blown away from this new singer.The deep soulfull voice was beutifull.&quot;Best Friends,&quot; written my Toni is one of my favorites from the album,but the one that really gets my heart pumping is &quot;Seven Whole Days.&quot;In some ways,I can see alot of Anita Baker's vocals in Toni on this cut,and thats a compliment.I really enjoyed this debut record from Toni.One of the great talented singers to come from the 90's."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton is super sexy and with an equally seductive voice. Her debut was a perfect introduction to the R&B; world. While I think Secrets is her best work Toni Braxton is also impressive.Another Sad Love Song and Breathe Again are super hits. Enough said. Love Affair, Seven Whole Days, Love Shoulda Brought you Home and my fav You Mean the World to Me are all highlights.The reason I rated this 4 stars is the other songs are okay I guess but I usually skip. The Cd can get moody and depressing without a true uptempo song.If your looking for Classic Toni look at Secrets!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the best albums of the 90s, this album had some of the most momentous crossover appeal ever. During its first couple of years it was all over black urban radio, yet it was tastefully restrained enough to have continued success on adult contemporary and soft rock radio stations to this day. \"Another Sad Love Song\", \"Breathe Again\", \"You Mean The World To Me\", \"How Many Ways\" and \"Seven Whole Days\" are among the true gems of contemporary R&B. Her next album, Secrets, had a couple of sizable hits and is generally good, if not as brilliant as this. However, after that, she was forced to declare bankruptcy, and since then, her quest to reclaim her wealth has resulted in a series of subpar albums that simply cannot touch the greatness of this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "[One CD, with a running time of 53:18] Fifty-three minutes of pure paradise! These twelve songs show off Toni Braxton's silky smooth voice at its best. R&B; or pop, whatever you want to call these songs, all are smooth, quiet, and easy to listen to love songs that make for some excellent slow dancing. My favorites are Another Sad Love Song and Breathe Again. But, all of the songs on this CD are excellent!As an added bonus, the CD's paperwork contains the words to the songs, plus the back is a nice, small poster. I love extras!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember the duet between Babyface and Miss Braxton, and how impressed I was by her vocal abilities..Then she came out with this album!! Oh my god, the woman tore up each and every song!! With Babyface's lyrics and production and her voice, this was one those perfect producer-artist teams that could do no wrong..I still love this album to this day..Most of the songs on this album are R&B classics anyway..You know an album is great when no matter how dated it sounds, its still listenable..If your a fan of women who have powerful voices, pick up this cd..You cannot go wrong!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "TONI BRAXTON was a smashing debut CD back in the 90s, and still is. Braxton's unique voice combined with original, impossible to label songs like the sexy standout \"Breathe Again\" show what magic first-rate producers like L.A. Reid and Babyface can do with an extraordinary singer. Braxton caresses her lyrics with jazzy, Anita Baker-ish embellishments, slurred phrasing, breathy come-ons, and leaping octaves. She swings, sways, wails and wallops her way through this outstanding showcase. Beautifully sung and still sounds fresh as when it was first released."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Before starting my review, let me state something to everybody.  This is not &quot;Lil' John get crunk&quot; or &quot;NoLimit I'm a thug&quot; music (though I guess they have their place), but this is a funk inspired journey through the lives and thoughts of Outkast.  This CD is one of my favorite albums of all time.  And just to think, they were only 18 when they made this album. Backed by Organized Noise, this CD can do no wrong.  Every song is on point (yes, every song).  I won't go on and on (Badu reference) about the CD, but it is unbelievably dope.  If you like this CD, you'll love Goodie Mob's &quot;Soul Food&quot; (another ground-breaking, thought-provoking album)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is so tight it's difficult to describe.  Every singlesong is straight.  From the first one, to D.E.E.P. they are all easyto listen to.  I judge a CD by how many tracks it has that I love to listen to each time they come on.The subject matter involves most classic rap themes, but embraces knowledge, and acknowledges the destabilizing effect that hip hop culture can have on those not prepared for it.This CD has 8 or 9 classics on it.  I mean every time the song comes on, you just bob your head and zone out.  Dre's lyrics are unstoppable, Big Boi's lyrics are unstoppable, plus on the one skit, they let you know just what it's like to be an Outkast.&quot;an outkast is someone who isn't accepted in society because of his hair, his beliefs or his skin color, now ask yourself, are you an outkast.  If you believe the fundamental truths contained in this album you probably are."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Outkast's first album is one of those albums that you buy and keep it in constant rotation. The production was great and their flow was on point plus the guest appearances were a nice touch. Standout Tracks: MYINTROTOLETUKNOW, AINT NO THANG, SOUTHERNPLAYALISTICADILLACMUSIK, CALL OF THE WILD, PLAYERS BALL(original and reprise are cool with me), CLAIMIN TRUE, GIT UP GIT OUT, CRUMBLIN HERB,HOOTIE HOO and DEEP. Filler: Funky Ride is kind of boring but thats it. Bottom Line: Southernplayalisticadillacmusik is a highlight album of 94 easily. Songs like Aint No Thang, Player's Ball, Git Up Git Out and the title track are all songs that make this album a requirement for any rap fan's collection. Also recommended by Outkast: Atliens."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "OutKast's debut: \"Southernplayalisticadillacmusik\" is nothing short of fire!  It is a combination of great rhythm, neat lyrics, and bass heavy, early to mid 90's Dirty South G-Funk beats.  This album is great lowrider music. A standout track is \"Ain't No Thang,\" which has really deep head nodding bass, and hard hitting, hot headed gangsta lyrics from the Organized Noize duo!  Some of the beats hint slightly at West Coast G-Funk like \"Claimin' True,\" but even with that, you can see that the deep southern influence is the prevalent as it is throughout.  This album was the launching pad for OutKast's rap and pop success, and rightly so."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Positives: For the most part, this album is straight up Southern funk and good rapping. This is before Outkast got really good but it's still a solid collection of songs. The production is pretty good and you can see the beginning of a strong lyrical duo forming. My favorite track is &quot;Git Up, Git Out&quot; cause I can identify with it.Negatives: Becuase I heard their best album to date, Aquemini, before this one, I expected more in terms of production and lyrics. If I would have heard this album before I heard their more recent stuff, I would have said this album was pretty dope. Overall, this is good Southern rap."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The combination of Organized Noize, Kast and Goodie Mob made this classic pop back in the summer of 94. This joint put Atlanta on the map for real. Andre came hard lyrically with a New York influenced flow with Big Boi playing cleanup man. Sleepy Brown had the Curtis Mayfield'esque vibe going on. This joint laid the ground work for what would later lead the South dominating rap music.Top Joints:MyintrotoletuknowAin't No Thang  (Hard)SouthernplayalisticadillacmuzikPlayer's Ball (Original)Claimin' TrueFunky RideGit Up, Git Out  (Classic Ceelo chorus. Great message for the slackers.)Crumblin' ErbHootie Hoo  (Classic)D.E.E.P.Player's Ball (Reprise)  (Pimp Tight)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton's best work! When I first purchased the CD I thought the CD wasn't all that good. it had to grow on me on boy did it! Every song is great. Period!Toni's hits are Unbreak my Heart, How could an angel break my heart, and Make Me High. But the other songs are outstanding as well.There's no me without you is Toni hitting the low notes perfectly. Let it flow is a perfect I-need-to-leave-my-man for the intelligent woman.There are enough midtempo and slow jams to make this a perfect R&B; record.My favs are Let it flow, Love me some him, Unbreak my heart, I don't want to, and There's no me."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember this album when I was 9. I love this album. She delivered a record that showcases her maturity while offering a diversity of music sure to appeal to her ever-growing audience of young and old alike. She covered the spectrum while still maintaining her own soulful identity. She had craft an album that has a distinctly personal feel to it.  This album is a glowing testament to her status as one of the decade's most vibrant,exciting,soul deep,straight from the heart young artists. This album allows us listeners the opportunity to witness Toni in an array of musical moods and settings. This album has been certified 8x Platinum. Remember,this was 1996-1997."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you can...tell anyone you know about this CD!Toni has outdone herself: most of the tracks produced by Babyface (including the Summer 1996 # 1 hit YOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH), but with support from David Foster (UN-BREAK MY HEART, written by Diane Warren and one of the best selling singles ever...), R. Kelly (I DON'T WANT TO), Soulshock &amp; Carlin (I LOVE ME SOME HIM, extra nice tune to me...) and Toni Rich Project (COME ON OVER HERE).Add some studio help from Keny G. and a soundtrack tune (LET IT FLOW, from WAITING TO EXHALE), and the 3 bonus remixes of all of the singles off the CD - including the dancefloor anthem for UN-BREAK MY HEART...You will come up with one of the best R'n'B albums ever"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This a a brilliant album from Toni. Beautiful ballads throughout and her voice is so soothing and sultry. My particular favourites are &quot;Un-break my heart&quot; and &quot;How could an Angel break my heart&quot;, but all songs are good. This is an album I can listen to over and over again...beautiful. The 24 page booklet contains all lyrics and plenty of photos of Toni. If you're looking for an album for a romantic dinner or 'something', then look no further. Track #12 though, I think is a trick...it doesn't exist."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD packed a powerful punch when it hit the streets and airwaves.  Toni was at the the top of the game before the industry pushed mannequins and Barbie dolls into the spotlight and shoved their non-singing selves down America's throat..(forgive me..small rant). Anyway, Toni puts down this set in a real way..she sings from her soul and does a great job on each song.  Yes, I still play this CD.  It's a much more mature set than her first CD and better produced than her subsequent releases.  Hope one day she gets back in the studio and gives her some quality adult music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton has one of the most distinctive voices in the industry. You can't help but caught up in the deep richness of her range. However, I don't think that &quot;Secrets&quot; was her best effort. The CD is filled with good songs, but I wish she could have had less ballads. Of course, I can't talk about this album without mentioning Braxton's signature hit, &quot;Un-Break My Heart.&quot; This is the song that put her on the map and made her a star. She really did the song and Diane Warren (the writer) justice.Stand-out track: &quot;Talking in His Sleep&quot; - it's a nice departure from the normal love song.Overall, this a pretty good CD, but I know that there is so much more that could be done to showcase Braxton's voice."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton waited 3 years to release her sophomore effort, Secrets, which follows the same formula as its predecessor while managing to sound fresh and new. The big ballad \"Un-break My Heart\" is the obvious smash hit, but other classics include the sultry \"You're Makin' Me High\" and the relaxing \"Let it Flow.\" Smooth album cuts like \"Why Should I Care\" and \"Come on Over Here\" ensure that the album moves with a soulful, slow-burn feel from beginning to end. Secrets is the rare sophomore album that outdoes the artist's debut. 4 Stars."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "CLASSIC:SECRETS_1996style:SOUL:r&b;:whisperthe:SINGLESYOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH:sugestive_sexy_classic_#1LET IT FLOW:easy_goin'_sweet_FLIP SIDEUN-BREAK MY HEART:melancolic_anthemic_ballad_#1I DON'T WANT TO:simple_mellow_easy_top 20I LOVE ME SOME HIM:vocals_sultry_best_track_top R&B;HOW COULD AN ANGEL BREAK MY HEART:jazzy_corny_sweetTHE:songsCOME ON OVER HERE:pop_easy_beatTHERE'S NO ME WITHOUT YOU:r&b;_classic_babyfaceTALKING IN HIS SLEEP:amazing_whispering_sultry_pasionateFIND ME A MAN:soulful_mellow_balladWHY SHOULD I CARE:carefree_easy_sunnyIN THE LATE OF THE NIGHT:piano_closure_greatthe:VIDEOSYOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH:curly_apple_rating_elevatorUN-BREAK MY HEART:pool_motorcycle_barbra_wigI DONT WANT TO:jeans_tshirt_oneshotthe:LEGACYSecrets is one of the best done sophomore album for any singer, Toni Braxton match her sales and success with her debut.  But Secrets provided something that was larger than life, a  classic UN BREAK MY HEART, and the sales still boasting, and Miss Braxton will always be remember as one of the sultriest singers out there.Santiago L&oacute;pezVisit Guatemala U will enjoy it!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "From the cool way she sings the word 'find' on the opener &quot;Come On Over Here&quot; to the percussive, bass-heavy track produced by Tony Rich, &quot;Secrets&quot; is an extraordinary piece of ordinary music. While there is nothing especially innovative about it, Toni's second LP is a pleasure from start to finish (save for the horrendous &quot;How Could An Angel Break My Heart&quot; bleccchh!!)and it features one of my favorite Braxton tunes, the half sung/half spoken &quot;Talking In His Sleep&quot; a seductive, percolating jam that features some of her best vocals ever and a brilliantly minimalist track with live drums, keyboards and some wicked wah-wah guitar on the final chorus. &quot;Secrets&quot; is Toni Braxton's finest hour and a testament to the quality pouring out of LaFace Records in the mid 90's."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tony Rich is a wonderful all-round artist. This entire album was produced, written, arranged and performed by him with only a small amount of help on a few songs by additional musicians. And every song is so good even though the album only spawned one major hit, &quot;Nobody knows&quot;. The other songs were for the most part, overlooked, and it is a shame, because there's not one filler in the entire album. The 16 page booklet includes numerous photos and all the lyrics. This really is a wonderful album, and highly recommended. If you are a fan of Brian McKnight then you will for sure love Tony Rich too."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tony (Given his start by former NBA player John Salley), may have only experienced true mainstream success on the back of \"Nobody Knows\" but his consistent talent is there to see for those who explore deeper. As Babyface's protege he has written/produced for Boyz II Men, Toni Braxton and Guy. The artistry of real substance however was kept for himself...Yes THAT single is a modern classic and it's sincere emotional value has touched many a heart but the rest of the album is to a similarly high standard.Personal favourites here in Mr Rich's idiosyncratic, smooth, open style include the second single \"Like A Woman\" and the suitably haunting \"Ghost\". Lyrically he is particularly skilled, many miles ahead of his \"R&B;\" contemporaries.There isn't a weak song on the album so if you are inclined to discover truths for yourself and not buy media hype as gospel, explore this album and enjoy the serene beauty of The Tony Rich Project..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I can't believe Outkast only now is getting recognized because of Speakkerbox/The Love Below. I mean recognized by winning awards, producing other peoples songs, and even becoming movie stars. But this is their true masterpiece in my eyes. Nothing really poppy, straight hard core rap. Favorites are as follow: Two Dope Boyz (In A Cadillac), ATLiens, Wheelz Of Steel, Jazzy Belle, Elevators (Me & You),  Babylon, Mainstream, and E.T. (Extraterrestrial). True Hip Hop Classic. Get this and their other albums before SB/TLB."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the fact that that amazon lists the following other artists as ones you may be interested in if you pick up this album: Black Eyed Peas, Usher, Ludacris and Britney Spears. Where has Outkast gone wrong in recent years?It's simple, if you enjoy Superbowl halftime shows and TiVo MTV for your favorite TV shows, please DON'T buy this album. ATLiens is nothing like the new stuff. This album is raw. It's scuffed. It's a 93 degree Atlanta summer Friday afternoon and there's nothing going on but bad traffic and this album.Pick it up if you liked the first (SouthernPlayalistik...) but don't bother if Speakerboxx/LB is what you are looking for."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Along with Aquemini, this is one of my favorite albums of all time. At first this album may seem a little bit out there. When you look at the the cover, they look like some \"aliens or genies. But once you start listening you realize how good songs like \"Wheelz of Steel\" and \"Mainstream\" are. Then the rest of the album just falls into place. People who don't own the album may have heard the radio songs \"ATLiens\" and \"Elevators\". If you think those are good but haven't heard the rest of the album, then you're in for a treat. The rest of the album is just as good and better in many cases. This album is also really good for people who like to blaze it up and listen to some music that will really f#%k with you. Overall it is an excellent album for anybody and if you haven't heard it, I would recommend getting it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is Outkast at its finest moment.  This album came out in 96, however, it was so ahead of its time that if you listened to it today, you would not even notice that it is 7 years old.  The beats are futuristic even for todays standards, and the lyrics are extremly thought provoking and hard hitting just like Camacho and Vargas.  I must admit that I am not a fan of Southern hip hop, however, with Outkast and the Goodie Mob I must make an exception.  I believe this album is underrated and should not be missed by anyone.  It is almost a shame that I found this in a 10 dollar bargain bin at Virgin Records."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In the last few years Outkast may have alienated the bulk of their original audience but there's still no denying how truly magnificent this album is. Amongst my many many records there are a select few that need to be replaced every couple of years because they are so over-played that they become physically unlistenable. This is one of them. Big Boi and Dre establish themselves as Atl's finest MCs, the production is mellow gold and the overall vibe is just outstanding. Tracks like 'Two Dope Boys', 'ATLiens' and 'Wheelz of Steel' are among my favorite rap songs of all time. Air-tight flows and beats that make your head bob and your speakers purrr with bowel-obstructing basslines; this album is right up there with fellow mid-90s classics like Reasonable Doubt, Stakes is High, Beats Rhymes and Life and Labincalifornia. Don't sleep on this.... and when you're done congratulating yourself for (re)discovering this masterpiece jump forward a couple years and cop their almost-as-classic album Aquemini."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "they expose a nerve with this one!most rappers shout-out god in they credits, but few touch on somethin spiritual in their actual lyrics...outkast aint nowhere near saints, but you can feel the spiritual searchin in the undertones of what they are sayin...soul searchin is what hip-hop needs more of.  that's what sets this release from other hip-hop classics; these boys are always lookin to grow beyond not just where they at, but from where they might be tomorrow....but yall proly aint feelin me on that, so i'll just say this:&quot;me anyuuu  yomama an yocuz zin toooooooooo......&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "ATLiens, in my opinion, is a better CD thanSouthernplayalisticadillacmuzik.  Both are definite hip hop classics, but I have this draw to ATLiens.  I can't explain what it is.The CD is very different from the first.  Where the first was built around the gangster concept, this CD builds its own concept.  One I have yet to put a name to.My favorite songs include Two Dope Boys, ATLiens, Jazzy Belle, Elevators, Babylon, Millenium, and Extra-Terrestrial.Definite Must Have."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "i knew nothing of rap when i picked up this cd and it is still one of the ones in heavy rotation in my cd players. the cd starts off strong with arguable hits on tracks 2-5, and with not sub par song the rest of the way.the thing that pulls me into other outkast efforts is not the creativity that ATLiens brought to the music world (though that is a huge reason outkast is so successful) but the willingness of Big boi and dre to turn their backs to whatever is popular and to put out music that true hip hop heads will appreciate....cuz im cooler than a polar bear's toenails..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album will undoubtedly remain one of the best rap albums of all time.  Pac rips it on every track, never falling short of excellent.  &quot;Ambitionz Az A Ridah&quot; is a rap anthem and it's highly unfortunate that Fabolous though that he could do the song any justice.  Eyez proves that it has major staying power it is almost always played at any hood party, with everyone their singing the lyrics to every song.  The title track is amazing, with the haunting beat and Pac's exceptional delivery.  &quot;Life Goes On,&quot; &quot;Only God Can Judge Me,&quot; and &quot;Tradin War Stories&quot; let us take a peek a 2Pac's heart, and we found it's one that we related to.  This is a lyrical masterpiece, to be forever remembered and played."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No doubt that this is the best Gangsta Rap-album ever. And no doubt that this is one of the best (maybe thee best) hiphop-albums of all time.If you are a fan of 50 CENT, Ja RULE, C-Murder, LIL ZANE etc and u do NOT own this you need to buy it QUICK becouse if it wasn't for this album none of them would sound like they do, IN FACT at many times they are stealing Tupac's art and that's a shame.People seem to think that CALIFORNIA LOVE is Tupac's best song but that's far from it, In fact I could mention 100 songs from TUPAC that is better. (but I won't)The best songs are: &quot;WHEN WE RIDE&quot;,&quot;SHORTY WANNA B A THUG&quot;, &quot;CAN'T C ME&quot;, &quot;ALL EYEZ ON ME&quot; hey, it's not many songs on the album who aren't great so BUY IT.Rate it: 5/5"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd is like putting two Illmatics together and making the beats better.  This has to be the best rap cd ever.  And that is a understatement folks!This album is so good that I don't see why a person wouldn't have this in there collection at all.  I just can't believe Tupac made this cd in such a short time.  If Tupac actually sat down and planned everything out for this album.......This would be the Ultimate album.But cuz of short time......ah what can ya do?  This is a good album by far though.  The only problem I have with it is that........there is no problem and that makes me really mad.  Peace!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "DEFINETLY ONE OF THE BEST GANGSTA RAP ALBUMZ EVER-2PAC(R.I.P.) DELIVERZ THE BEST 2CD PACKED START TA FINISH W/THE TRIALS & TRIBULATIONS OF THUG LIFE-THIS IS RIGHT THERE W/DR.DRE'S \"THE CHRONIC\" & SNOOP DOGG'S \"DOGGYSTYLE\"-DEEP ON HIT POETIC LYRICS ALL THE WAY THRU THE KNOCKIN CLEAN BEATZ THAT MAKE THIS NOTHING LESS THAN A RAP MILESTONE FEAT.SNOOP DOGG,NATE DOGG,DRU DOWN,DAZ,KURUPT,REDMAN,METHOD MAN,RAPPIN 4-TAY,C-BO,DR.DRE,ROGER TROUTMAN(R.I.P.)OUTLAW IMMORTALZ,BIG SYKE,RICHIE RICH,E-40,B-LEGIT & MORE-PEEP ALL HIZ MATERIAL BECUZ 2PAC AKA MAKAVELI WAS ONE OF THE MOST GIFTED ARTISTS THE RAP GAME EVER RECIEVED"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R.I.P 2PAC YOU NOT TRAPPED NO MORE, AND I WILL KEEP YA HEAD UP. I SAY THAT TO SAY THIS, HEARTZ OF MEN TELLS THE TALE OF SMILLING BACKSTABBERS WHO DON'T UNDERSTAND LOYALTY FOR IF THEY DID WE WOULD STILL HAVE 2PAC & BIGGIE. IM CHOKED UP TO TALK ABOUT THIS BECAUSE A TALENT THAT WAS TAKEN WAS ONE OF GREAT MAGNITUDE, NOT BEFORE NOR AFTER WILL WE SEE ANOTHER TALENT LIKE 2PAC FOR THAT MATTER NEITHER BIGGIE, BUT I GOTTA GIVE IT UP FOR DA WESTSIDE FOR BEING THE BESTSIDE. ALL EYEZ ON ME IS AN ANTHEM FOR ANY PARTY OR CUSTOM RIDE HIT DA SHAW IF YA KNOW WHAT I KNOW."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I believe this to be 2pac's best record. He was hungry, coming straight out of jail and recording this double disc album. It has so many classic tracks. Life Goes On, Cali Love RMX, Only God Can Judge Me, Picture Me Rollin, All Eyez on Me,  I Ain't Mad At Cha, and many more. Life Goes On is one of 2pac's deepest and most impressive tracks he ever did. So is Only God can Judge Me. I know you don't want me babbling on about how good this album is so I will give you 3 words. CLASSIC BUY NOW."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is probably the most overated of all 2pac's work.  You would think that after his release from prison, 2pac would have delivered an album that is a better commentary on his life trials prior to prison.  Instead, 2pac goes right back to the sh-t, focusing too much on, and overdramatizing the thug-life. This drawn-out, sprawling, if not tedious double album tends to be annoying at times. However, stand-out tracks like &quot;How Do You Want It&quot;, &quot;Bring the Pain&quot;, California Love&quot;, I aint Mad at Cha&quot; &quot;Wonda Why they Call You B--tch&quot; and a few others takes on all the needless and uncalled for tracks, not making it a complete throw-away.  While it's certainly not as consistent as his previous efforts, this double CD still contains the best from one of the most prolific rappers in Hip Hop.Peace! El-715"}
