{"label": 0, "raw": "I only watched the Wanda Sykes portion of this show. I think it was interesting to watch because it was before she came out as a lesbian. She was married to a man at the time. She actually made some jokes that raised my eyebrows since she is now a lesbian. I didn't like this because it seemed hypocritical but I think Wanda Sykes is really funny. She is one of the few comedians who can make me really LOL (Laugh Out Loud). If you want to see what her comedy was like before she came out a lesbian or you are a Wanda Sykes fan, watch it. I am a huge fan of hers. I would like to see her in a live how. I am glad she is true to herself now and came out as a lesbian. I hope Wanda keeps on making me and others laugh for a long time to come."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series revolves around 4 friends who run a bar in Philadelphia and who go through a variety of difficult but extremely funny and often extravagant situations. I had heard of the series previously but was only convinced of buying it after seeing an intervewi with the actress. What a suprise: this is a somewhat lesscorrect version of Friends meets My Name Is Earl. I agree that this may not be correct at all since this series has no respect for conventional moarl issues such as lying about having cancer, discovering a friend's grandfather was a nazi. It also tackles the strange love men sometimes has for guns ets... In some ways it is difficult to describe and understand if you have not seen this gem of comedy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "funny thing. My brother's been trying to get me to watch this show forever. As it turns out, I get the videos of the day, everyday, and one was Charlie Day giving the commencement speech at his alma mater, Merrimack college in New Hampshire. it was then I realized that its Always Sunny in Philadelphia, was his show, and he's from New Hampshire where I'm from also.of course, this is what prompted me to actually start watching the show. I really enjoy it, it almost seems unscripted. The best part is, it's on Amazon Prime for free. How can you beat that!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love it's always sunny and wanted to own the seasons, but didn't want to spend a lot of money. Came to Amazon and managed to buy seasons 1-6 for less then $25!! Way pumped!The discs were clean, no scratches, worked perfectly. No problems at allAs for the first seasons of it's always sunny, you either like it or you don't. I used to hate this show, but it's now one of my favorite shows. If you haven't seen it yet, then get on it player!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Just finished the 5th season of this very riveting series. I must admit the season started off with a Bang! When you watch it you will see what I mean. However, about mid season I had to push myself a little to get through to the last 1/3 of season, and I am SO glad I did! WOW! talk about being on the edge of my seat. This season really does have more of an edge to it. A fictional Syntox gas, nerve agent,  is involved, terrorist plots, political corruption and some of the main characters are bumped off! Loved this season and would highly recommend it to anyone!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "24 is the most  fun series I have ever seen on tv.  I love keifer Sutherland and it appears to me that a lot of actors get good parts and get in a lot of acting.  Also this series has people, even the bad guys speaking articulately and very rationally.  We are seeing a show full of admirable people not a bunch of losers.  That must be a part of the popularity of the series.Note something else, these people comply with the human requirement  of pronouncing judgement."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved this season of 24. I loved almost everything about it, even the death scenes. I felt like nobody was safe, and anybody could die! I especially loved the episode where everyone is trapped in C.T.U. with the nerve gas everywhere. I also loved the surprise ending with Jack being taken hostage by the Chinese who were still after Jack from season 4. I highly recommend this season to all fans of 24. And I just saw the season six trailer. I've watched it over three times and I can't wait."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "NCIS changed in third season..and gotten strongerAt the end of season two, Kate was shot and died. Season three handles her death in the openning two parter \"Kill Ari\" which also introduces the audience to Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) and the new NCIS director (Lauren Holly).The change comes in many ways, Gibbs seems harder after Kate's death and it shows during the season, which builds to the two part season finale \"Hiatus\"...a cliffehanger to open season four. all the character grew from Abby, Ducky, Mcgee and especially Tony.Most say change is bad, for this show is GOOD and we the audience reap the benifitsBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a great example of the &#34;Dr being stuck in ancient earth&#34; theme that shows up over and over in the decades that follow.  Other than the time travel there is not much science fiction here.  It is very interesting to see the Dr interacting with his &#34;crew&#34; and how he is more like the captain of a ship rather than the more active character that he becomes over time.  Probably the most interesting thing about this episode is how it shows the cultural mores of the 1960s.  If you enjoy ancient TV this is a gem.  If you are expecting anything like the modern Dr you probably want to skip ahead a couple decades."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My first Dr. Who was Tom Baker back in the 1980s. I watched every episode and even taped them to watch over and over.  When many years later I found the early ones I laughed because they were so silly and the technology was hysterical, cardboard, plastic tape, logic errors, and then I realized that they were made in the  1960s and were made for children.  Funny, I never thought of it as a children's show.  I was nearly 50 when I first watched and it grabbed me instantly!  So now I am over 80 and I still love it.  Even these funny old ones.  A truly wonderful show for any age."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've been a Mythbusters fan for a long time and while I'm still not used to the US narrator (coming from the UK where it is narrated by a Brit) I made my way through all the Mythbusters series again on Amazon Prime.The show takes us through those things we always thought we knew about but often didn't. Watching the whole seasons through, it is obvious that while Adam and Jamie were younger in this season they were also a lot angrier at each other. Perhaps they learned each others quirks as the seasons progressed but it is interesting to go back to the early days. You can also view how the budget for the show started increasing over time as their initial experiments were low cost and generally done near the shop, now they have massive explosions in man made lakes and mining quarrys.I recommend this show to my friends and it is often discussed in the work place. Everyone with an interest in science, explosions and humour should be watching this show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My children love this show. I will give a great example from my four year old from last week. We come to a stop sign and she reads S T O P and says that spells stop. We were really impressed, we have been working on letters for quite a while now, but she could comprehend  stop means stop. We  asked her if she learned it in K-3. She said no she learned it on blues clues. Just a side note I know some people are going to read this and say. Well if he didn't have his kid in day care they would be smart... or something of that ilk. Our children are in a small Christian school and they didn't have enough teachers so my wife became a full time volunteer to help the kids. I'm not a fan of preschool, I do not sit in judgment of those who do. It's just a personal choice for us. Back to the show my children have learned so much from this show. hope this helps."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My two-year old daughter LOVES this show.It's interactive: it engages the viewer to repeat a set of instructions, dance, and shout at Dora's nemesis, Swiper, \"Swiper, no swiping!\" The cast includes Dora, Boots (her sidekick), the Map (it gives directions to help Dora on her journey), the Backpack (provides a toolkit to resolve any issues), and Swiper the Fox.The show is also educational because it teaches viewers a Spanish word or two during the show. Think Spanish 101. In fact, some people I know brush up on their Spanish by watching a few episodes before taking a Spanish quiz in class (yes, Dora's pretty thorough).The storylines are predictable, yet they are always entertaining to my two-year old. Not a day goes by where she isn't yelling at the TV, \"Swiper, no swiping!\""}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I won't write you a &#34;book&#34; on this one, others have already done that. This was one well done series, in just about any aspect. Well written, it even &#34;looked&#34; good- unlike the typical SYFY Saturday movie. I always wondered why religion came into the plot line the last couple of seasons, negatively portrayed at that, but maybe the writers were running out of material. Well written even if you don't like the subject matter sometimes, or the enemy ( I &#34;liked&#34; the Goa'uld- seasons 1-8, better than the Ori- 9-10, and even then the stories had something to them.Start at the beginning of the series, not the end, and always be sure to watch the extras each season.This was the best of the three Stargate series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What a morose way to end such a fun series. I always said that if they ever began taking this show seriously, it would come to a bad end, and I was right. It's like, we're ending the season with no sense of humor. In fact, we're gonna off the Asgard by letting them commit mass suicide and then we're going to spring a Greek tragedy on poor T'ealc. This show succeeded through its sense of humor (why else watch a show where everyone within three galaxies all speak 21st century English? Duh!). Now it fades into oblivion without any sense of fulfillment. What a shame. Maybe that's why this season is going for $29! I'd rather buy two copies of Season 1! How do I pick zero stars?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While the writers gave us a new enemy in the Ori it also felt a little redundant to do so somewhat since they already were notified that the series would end here. It felt like the writers were hoping that the backers and producers would renew the series for this new saga but after ten years it was time to give the series a decent finale and while you do get the finale it felt a little weak for what the series was.If you already have the other past seasons and for the price of this set I'd say go ahead and add it to your t.v. show collection while not on par with the past eight seasons it still has for the most part an intriguing story and cast to make you watch the season through to the end."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The very dated soundtrack hurts this otherwise OK 70s crime drama. All the suspense scenes are marred by the hokey Dave Grusin score, which sounds like a dippy 1960s TV show. Some of the dialogue is spoken so quickly and mumbled that I found it hard to make out. Some have made a bit much of the Boston accents here. I'm from Massachusetts. Mitchum's accent isn't bad, but it's not fully real. His performance as the small-time crook-turned-rat who fears going back to jail is fine, but it's no Oscar winner. I did like the depiction of early 70s Boston and its suburbs, replete with many of the horrible vintage 60s and 70s Detroit autos of the period. Seeing them again made me shudder. This was based on what was probably George Higgins' best crime novel. I've never read it. Don't expect today's production values with this film. Everything moves a lot more slowly, and many shots needed tighter editing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This film was a minor letdown after reading all the five star reviews.  There's nothing intrinsically wrong with the film.  My theory is that after years of being out of circulation it's reputation exceeds it's actual artistic worth.  Everything here is aces, though.  Good direction, atmosphere and writing.  The acting is superb with the stolid Robert Mitchum leading the cast.  I particularly liked Steven Keats' gundealer and Richard Jordan's duplicitous fed.  I think we've been spoiled by the high quality of films in this genre with Sidney Lumet's \"Prince of the City\" and Martin Scorsese's \"The Departed\".  Recommended without reservation but not as enthusiastically as some."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Mitchum is always spell binding & he is again.  As a kid \"Thunder Road\" became part of my psyche (saw at a drive-in).  The song - I will remember to my grave.  Keely Smith as his girl friend couldn't have been more seductive or more in love w/her moonshine runner.  Mitchum always managed to be in trouble no matter which side of the law he was on.  His classic detective films are hard to find - \"The Big Sleep\" & \"Farewell My Lovely\".  AGAIN why do most reviewers blab it all?  Paragraphs & paragraphs & paragraphs telling one about a film...ever so boring.  Me thinks these folks have too much time on their hands.  I digress...this film is certainly worth watching.  Impossible to notice other actors - Mitchum w/his sleepy eyes & conspicuous laid back attitude could charm the fur off a pussy cat..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this series. This is the third or fourth time through for me. The characters of John Shepherd, Tayla, Dr Weir, Ronan and Dr. Becket and Dr McKay are unforgettable. It is a wonderful space fantasy. Whenever I want to escape into another world I go to Stargate Atlantis. I imagine how cool it would be to travel to other worlds through a stargate/wormhole and meet other people who of course speak my language, English. The SG-1 series is good too and was the beginning of the Stargate series. In the beginning of Stargate Atlantis Jack O'Neil passes the torch to John Shepherd. Very cool indeed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "the entire series from the first season through the final fifth season is a marvelous creation of imagination. I love the characters and a course the city with all it's amazing technology listening leo's be under comprehension in some cases shouldn't even be in a position. The monsters better created each week or dangers of the universe springs both in outer space in technology lovers races that they came in contact with. The rating the central 1. I enjoyed the up organic feel the race very similar to the movie series alien having that to organic look to the interiors of the ship and there insect always of preserving food and consuming the life force of human being"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved this season of Bones even more than season one, as more of the cast are developing to fuller characters, with new subplots to keep things tied together, and more really cool forensics.Dr Brennan (Emily Deschanel) continues to struggle with her desire to feel normal emotional connection, while her intellect keeps her from exactly getting there, and while the chemical tension with her partner simmers under the surface. Thrown into the mix are new moral dilemmas due to her developing knowledge of her birth family, and shades of gray start to infiltrate her world of black and white. Can one be a moral (justified) killer? Etc. Forgiveness and love are examined in rather unique waysBones is very good TV, that I can enjoy with both my wife and my teens.So if you have already watched season one, get season two (but really, watch one first for the character development that is quite good) and have a marathon fun weekend!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Fortunately, the second season of BONES mantains the high standards achieved int he first season.The chemistry between Bones and Booth only improves. Also, the additon of a new female head chief (Cam)for the Jeffersonian team was a clever idea and worked nicely. This, adding to intriguing plots, superb support roles by Ryan O'Neil and Stephen Fry, scaring villains like Eppes and the guy that buried BOnes (the first case to not be solved - probably until further episodes!)and the \"love angle\" with Hodgins and Angela conspired to make this great television."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Example: scientist walks into the bar where there is only 1 patron & the bartender.  That patron, the pilot who shot down the UFO asks the scientist to his table & in his second sentence, he's hitting on her.  Unexplainable given he had just been on the phone with his girl friend begging her not to break up with him.Example: scientist shows credential at the gate to a secure military base holding the UFO.  Guard doesn't have it verified. Really?  Then, scientist doesn't or can't go into the hanger & examine the UFO with the other scientists.  Why doesn't she verify what's she's seeing?Then when she & the pilot go to the hospital, they are admitted without it being verified they can have access.  Hunh?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched this because the Brits usually do a good job with good production values, casting and story lines.  However, in this case it proved a waste of 5 hours. The writers, directors and editors should be ashamed to put their names in the credits.  Important things happen with no apparent reason and the watcher is left scratching his/her head wondering what was the point.  The American general is miscast and not believable.  Lots of clicking of computer keyboards for solutions that never seem to work out. The ending stinks!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Horatio and his crew just keep on doing what they do best, convict the folks that think its easy to get away with killing folks.  They do it with style, class, determination and sometimes a sense of humor as well.  Really loved the season 5 opening episode in Brazil that was really cool to see them go there and take down a criminal that thought he was getting away with killing someone dear to Horatio.  Very solid season 5 throughout with various crimes and different drama that affected everyone at the CSI office from gambling to ex's that just won't go away.  It has something for everyone especialy loved the special features with Wolf (Ryan Togo) showing us the ends and outs of the real CSI Miami office and what goes on there very cool.Looking forward to season 6 with the way this one ended, i know it come out in typical CSI Miami fashion with a bang."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I hated Mark Harmen for years.  I saw him in 2 roles where he was a really bad dude, and so convincing I decided he must be a bad dude for realz.  When NCIS came along I said &#34;I'm not watching that A hole&#34;.  The everyone kept telling me how much fun it was and how I was missing it.  I got the first couple seasons on sale and decided to give it a shot.  All is forgiven Mark.  The show is smart, funny and fresh every time.  they do not go too far on gore or violence and they always look good, even in a prison camp which is not easy.  You can start with any season and still enjoy but I suggest begining at the begining."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't have television, haven't for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started watching episodes of CSI, CSI NY, CSI Miami, and NCIS. I found NCIS to be my favorite and this particular show Dead And Unburied is my favorite so far. I enjoy the light-heartedness of NCIS. So I decided to download this episode from Amazon Unbox.I really wish Amazon Unbox would allow me to burn shows I've purchased. As it is they are restricted to viewing on my computer. When Unbox expands this service to allow me to burn DVDs I will likely purchase many more shows this way. I like selecting individual shows."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have all the seasons currently available on DVDs - watching the 3d season right now and it never dissapoints. I am not even pretending I could understand most of its mathematics, but the \"adaptation\" is done with real elegance so that your average non-mathematician is often nicely tickled by understanding so much :) The series also keep a careful and well balanced proportion between brain part and emotions part, so the relationships and friendships are interesting to watch but they do not drag a clever and fascinating crime series into a family drama.One of the best crime/investigation series around, together with Criminal Minds, Without a Trace and CSI. Hope it stays around for many more seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "1) if you are sentimental2) if you are squaemish3) you are afraid of blood4) you are afraid of sharp implements5) the sight of a dismembered body makes you want to switch to Teletubbies6) you like movies about pretty girls in pink dresses (not the girls cut into pink ribbons)7) if you believe that ANY human life is sacred8) you do not believe in getting rid of verminWATCH IF: you sense of humor is several shades of black, you like your knives sharp as your mind (or vice versa) and your steak raw."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I never would have thought I would enjoy a show like this. WOW...what a show. Honestly, I could do without the foul language and the nudity and in most cases such would cause me to go elsewhere. But this show is one of the BEST crime drama's I've ever seen. The main character, Dexter Morgan, is one of the BEST lead characters ever. The supporting cast of characters (everyone from his sister to girlfriend(s) to the many police officers) are all excellent as well. But wow...the story is soo good! It just pulls you in and keeps you wanting more."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "or those that can't stand the sight of blood because it is in abundance in this show.  Along with Dexter (a guy with more skeletons in his closet than a graveyard) and his repressed memories of a violent tragic indicent early in his life.  As the season builds we get to see glimpses of it with more and more being revealed until.  It builds up with a face to face confrontation with the Ice Truck Killer (a few surprises) abound in the first season finale and it leaves things wide open.  For the series and all of its characters.I believe that Season 2 will continue to impress and draw in new folks in the process.  Excellent story, lead and supporting characters and backgrounds leaves you with the first season of Dexter.  An up and coming show that gives those established shows a serious run for their money."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Don't get me wrong, its an entertaining show, and at 20 bucks, you should definitely grab it.  To compare it to shows like Six Feet Under is absolutely ridiculous though.  The idea of Dexter being a sociopath is not exploited to its full potential, IMO.  Too much of the time he blends in so much you forget all about it, then you have to be reminded by forced voice overs and flashbacks.  This is a good DVD set though, I see lots of folks complaining about the transfer.  What can I say, don't spend 50 zillion bucks on your TV/Home theatre and you won't be so disappointed.  For 20 bones you get 12 doses of Dexter, AND two episodes of Brotherhood, and one of The Tudors if you have the time to screw around with the PC feature.  Not bad considering that people were lining up out the door to fork over 100 bucks for The Sopranos not too long ago."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well, I have to say, when I heard about this show.....I detested the idea, thought it was gloryfiying serial killers....SWORE I would never watch......happened to be trapped working out and watching TV when a episode came on....I thought Meh....just get it over with....well I was hooked from the first scene....I couldn't hardly wait for the next weeks episode, so I decided to give in to my \"dark side\"....lol...and buy the first and second season.  I REALLY like this show, it is slick, entertaining, innovative, well written and acted.....over all as stated in the title this is just a BRILLIANT show and I am really glad I was forced to give it a chance and not miss out on this stellar show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Showtime's creative and terrific series of DEXTER is so fresh and uber-cool that we just have to applaud everyone who works on this awesome cable TV series.It is so rare to watch a television show that rivals or even feels like you are reading a rich novel. Usually they screw it up, whether it be Hollywood big screen adaptations of the Sci-Fi channel - they all usually suck eggs.But not Showtime! They are currently way better than HBO. With the richness of feel and look at the miami-based Dexter, the actors and writers here truly shine above most others of all arenas of television and/or Box Office standards.And the 2nd season thus far is just as good - if not better!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Coming off some serious withdrawals from both Six Feet Under and The Sopranos (the only reason I subscribed to HBO), I took a \"stab\" at Dexter. It took a couple of episodes for me to warm up to the character, but I did.I soon found myself rooting for a serial-killer who works for the cops which, to me anyway, means the writing is pretty good. The setting of post-Miami-Vice Miami is a visually interesting backdrop - although a little too much at times. Dexter has my interest and I'm devouring DVD after DVD as fast as they can be delivered. So far, it's scratchin' my itch for a solid cable series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was hooked after the first episode.  I love the concept: a blood splatter expert who seconds as a serial killer that preys upon other serial killers.  Michael C. Hall seems as if he was born to play the role of Dexter.  Every season there seems to be one central character that Dexter must hunt down, amongst various other serial killers and murders that end up getting chopped up on his table.  This season follows Dexter&#8217;s pursuit of the Ice Truck Killer&#8212;a sadistic serial killer that chops bodies into pieces after draining all of their blood.  He&#8217;s named the Ice Truck Killer because it is believed that he drives around in an ice truck before dumping the bodies off.  Great pilot season.  If you have not seen this show, this is definitely one you do not want to miss."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This isn't one of those shows or movies about a serial killer who just does it for fun.  Dexter Morgan targets people very specifically and only those whom he believes have crossed a line or violated one of his standards.  For example, Dex would never molest or kill a child, so he kills a man who has done such things to choir boys.  This is not a defense of Dex, just a clarification.What makes him even more complex is that he did not suffer abuse at the hands of his loving foster parents; he maintains a good relationship with his sister, a cop; he works as a forensic examiner for the police; he fakes emotions as best he can with  his girlfriend and her kids; and feels nothing at all, most of the time, unless it's a sense that he must get rid of someone.Michael C. Hall's performance and voiceover work are very strong. He's stretched out further than he could with his character on the late, great Six Feet Under."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series is absolutely one of the best cop shows I have ever seen.  One reason is because Vick goes beyond what is dictated by the law and this is what a lot of citizens would do if they had the chance.  At first I couldn't decide if he was a good cop or a bad cop but by the end of the series I came to believe that he is just a mix of both.I can not really rate season 5 by it's self because I actually do not see any difference in any of the seasons.  They are every one a spell binding, can't wait till I see the next one kind of a series.  One of the things that make it outstanding is that they don't use an episode as a stand alone show.  There are plots that continue through many episodes and mini plots that get solved in one episode.My wife and I stayed up way past our normal bedtimes many nights because we kept saying... lets watch just one more!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season was good, but not up to par with previous seasons, partially because it was only 11 episodes long.Synopsis of the season: Jon Kavanaugh (Forest Whitaker) has been brought in to check on the Strike Team. He goes after Lem and tries to get him to turn on the rest of the team. The main story is basically the team trying to keep Lem out of jail. There's also some cameos of Anthony Anderson as Antwon Mitchell. Also, Danni is pregnant, Billings has become Captain, Julian is partnered with a new trainee, and Claudette and Dutch's relationship is strained due to a secret she is keeping from Dutch."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My two favorite shows of the past ten years have been \"The Sopranos\" and \"The Shield.\"  As \"The Sopranos\" limps into its final season--let's face it, that show hasn't had the same compelling intensity since its first three incredible seasons--\"The Shield\" is still kicking major butt.The quality has never let up and I would highly recommend that you watch every season from the very beginning.  The writing is so inventive and the acting is just dynamite.I can't wait to see where they're going with this!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As a brand name, as a product, I trust South park to deliver entertainment quality more than any other.  the Simpsons were great at one time, but the tired series drags on, so DVD's of its latter years are as tired as its writing staff.  South Park on the other hand is as vibrant as it ever was.  The incredibly audacious creators of the series are the two most insolent creeps to ever blacken a studio.  However, funny is funny.  Moreover, whereas the Simpsons do not make many polical points (being in prime time on network tv), South Park makes few shows that do NOT have political points.  They skewer virtually everyone.  Who else would show Gene Siskel, the harmless affable film critic,and JFK, in hell?  They are at their best when WE are at our worst.  As we cower before threats from overseas, they did a brilliant piece about literally putting your head in the sand."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Episodes like \"TSST\" (the Dog Whisperer episode) and \"The Mystery of the Urinal Deuce\" (featuring the Hardly Boys) are funnier the second and third time around.  The show is uneven, sure, but basically an American treasure.  The real prizes in this season are the 2-parters, the \"Family Guy\" 2-parter and the \"Go God Go\" 2-parter featuring Cartman in the 25th Century.  If you haven't seen either of those, you've missed out on some of the best TV ever aired."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I knew about Auschwitz, of course...conceptually I knew what had been done there and I knew the horror of it.  I just didn't grasp the full depth of WHY, nor did I realize how things were done.  This documentary series is mind opening.  It uses recently discovered plans and recreates what things would have looked like, it interviews people who made it through, it tells the story of the countless people who did NOT make it through and it helps us see with even greater clarity that this kind of atrocity must never ever be allowed to occur again."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When this first came out I said bah! don't like donald sutherland, probably won't like his son, so I never watched it when it was on tv.When I got amazon prime, I was watching Life, loved that, 24 kept coming up as a recommended show, so I said what the heck?? Wow, it is so engaging, I'd stay up til 4am watching episode after episode.It would be nice if 24:Redemption was free to watch too, anyone want to loan me theirs? was it made into DVD?Some of the twists in season 6 seemed rather implausible but whatever, I won't go into it. Love the show, looking forward to watching the rest of it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm a huge fan of \"24\" however I must say that whoever wrote the 2-3 line synopses of the Season 6 epidosdes should ask for his or her money back from whatever institution of higher learning they attended.  The introductory sentences that tell about each new episode on the roster should really give some good information about what's in that segment and it can be done by almost anyone who learned even the basics of writing in grammar school. I can't imagine that Amazon and the people who produce \"24\" would allow some imbecile to degrade their work even with something as small as this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After two years in a Chinese prison, Jack Bauer is returned to America in order for C.T.U. to get the location of the man putting off bombs. Jack finds out it's all for nothing and escapes to help save the day. Throughout this day, Jack teams up with terrorist who wants peace, there is an attack on President Wayne Palmer, the Vice President wants to bomb another country, Jack must find 5 suitcase nukes, stop his dad and brother, help his nephew, and a whole lot more! This is one of the better seasons. One of the characters I don't really like at first is Tom Lennox, then later in the day, I start to like him. Then, I don't really like Vice President Noah Daniels, but toward the end of the day, I kinda like him. If you love 24, and Jack Bauer, you'll love 24: DAY SIX!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I *think* this is the episode where someone FINALLY says to Jack what I'd been thinking for about 50 episodes already.\"You're cursed, Jack.\"THANK YOU. This poor guy. It's like he's got a little black cloud of bad luck that follows him around. Sure, he can pull YOUR bacon out of the fire, but HIS house will burn down in the process.That being said, it make me love Jack and root for him all the more. \"PLEASE let this man have SOMETHING good happen. ANYTHING.\""}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is worth getting alone for the second episode \"The Deadly Dolls\" guest-starring the great Vincent Price.  While the plot is similar to so many other Voyage episodes with the crew being taken over by aliens desiring the Seaview's nuclear reactor, the combination of Vincent and the hysterical Nelson and Crane puppets make this one an absolute pleasure.It is interesting to ponder how great Voyage would have been had it continued the combination of sci-fi and James Bond-type episodes seen during its second, and best, season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Heck, what a change of course!Season Three of Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea altered dramatically the tone of the show. Gone were the clever plots about spies, Cold War, nuclear danger, secrete agents. Gone is the Nelson Institute location, different things like Veneza, etc.Admiral Nelson is onboard the Seaview in all episodes, and now the focus are aliens, monsters, mermaids, werewolves, mummies, dead Nazi agents, plant men, wax men, you name it. The Seaview \"rock and roll\" like never before, it's a miracle it never gets destroyed.Gone is Riley, in comes Patterson.Season Two is the best for me, it will always be. Bu Season Three has its moments and, in general, maitained the good reputation of the show as a guilty pleasure show. It was in Season Four that thing went downhill drastically."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "you have gotta check out Supernatural. At first glance I thought that a CW horror show would suck, but this baby doesn't shy away from the gore at all. The classic rock music really sealed the deal for me, not to mention the hot chick of the week vibe it has going for it. The two main dudes, Sam and Dean, who can make or break a show like this, are both very natural and easy to root for. The second and third seasons are much stronger than the first (which is also great, save for the episode \"Bugs\") with almost every episode ranging from very good to great. The \"monsters of the week\" are always interesting and the major storyline for the whole season really makes you feel the show is heading somewhere. So hop in the 1967 Chevy Impala and go for a ride."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just couldn't wait to watch it, I don't know, when I saw couple of episodes on TV I was like \"nothing special\", but when I decided to give it a shot and start from the beggining....LOL I just fell in love with it. So after 2 seasons I was completly addicted to it. Season 3 is as funny as previous ones, lots of my favourite characters (of course Logan and Veronica:)) I also liked the previev episode of season 4..but I don't know if the season 4 was actually made or if the series was already cancelled:(( What a schame it would be, really great thing to watch:))I enjoy getting new dvd's to my collection like Veronica enjoys the thought about getting a PONY:)))I think this caracter is very funny-I WONT MORE VERONICA MARS PLEASE !!!! Whoever is in charge PLS!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is fresh and smart and always had clever idea for new cases and stories yet it was canceled ?? When Smallville which is sorta just dragging on these days is going on to it's 7th season. But hey at least that's way better than 7th Heaven which at least isn't coming back. Why can't the CW bring back Veronica if they could bring back the lame 7th Heaven after canceling it. I got into Veronica Mars the most this season, so it really bugs me that it got canceled. Hell I think everything was canceled but Smallville and Supernatural, so why would they have to cut this show too ? It was actually good even if Veronica could act just a little too much like an overly goofy version of Buffy. It was still a really good unpredictable teen detective show and beats a lot of the crap shows that actually weren't canceled this year!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We came into the seasons after they were over on the TV, but thought all three seasons were well written, entertaining, and fun.  It was easy to get attached to the characters and were glad we could watch two at a time because you are often left with cliff hangers.  Sadly, the end of this season left us with a major cliff hanger that will not be resolved until hopefully the movie coming out does.  That was my only complaint.  There should have been more seasons following this one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a good movie to rent if you were into the series like I was. I'm not sure how the producers thought this was a good idea for the big screen. For people who had no clue about the series did not get any back story on the characters who participated in the movie verses the series and why.....It is like picking back up although 10 years later straight from the series....leaving out the cliff hanger from the last season though. For those who did not see the series, I'm not sure will get much from the movie other than, &#34;hey, this would be a good tv series&#34; which it would!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Is it possible?  I love this character!  Maybe because of my childhood fascination with Nancy Drew and this is her come to life in the modern age, maybe because this is the chic I wish I were with the feisty and the smarts and the always getting her man (or lady criminal).  I don't know, all I can say is yes, thank you, more please!  Thrilled for the movie and I really hope we can get a new movie every couple of years, even made for TV.  Keep Veronica Mars alive!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Lots to chew on and enjoy whether you were already familiar with these characters or not.  Nice flow to the plotline.  I enjoyed it very much. The writer made her mother's addictive personality an unavoidable inheritance of Veronica's.  Will our heroine embrace this trait as a weakness that she will always fall prey to or will she find a way to make it a strength? This was the consistent psychological thread that deepened the murder mystery and gave the audience a super meaningful connection to Veronica Mars.  All of the characters from her childhood were grappling with a question: to what extent are we unable to throw off genetic proclivities and childhood traumas and other cultural influences in order to walk our own path in life?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a grandmother. I really loved the TV series and watched it for the third time on Amazon to prepare for the movie. I was very pleased so many cast members returned to do the movie. I think they all liked the series also. Why did such a fine series disappear from view? I don't get it. What they have on now is a big marathon trying to say that all girls have sex by 14! Well bull to that. Watching Veronica Mars, it made virginity serious and precious. When she was raped at a party, what woman would not feel her loss. The relationship with her father is a rarity in American viewing. She was raised by a single Dad who loved the heck out of her and expected her to love herself. He supported her, but also guided her. Bring her back. We need this series. Thanks for the movie, but it only made me want more of the story."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's not that we're soft, like &#34;marshmallows.&#34; It's more like we're addicts for the soft, sweet, heated up, treats that The Veronica Mars show dished out. We're more like raccoons. We can't get enough of that browned, white, semi burned, funky stuff. The movie delivered it. Dished it right up on a reminiscent platter on a brand new table. Yum! Feels as good as ever. And if we gotta dish out more Kick Starter Cash to get Movie Two&#8230; DON'T BE SURPRISED. We raccoons have a tendency to get what we crave, one way or the other. You Dig?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I couldn't believe when they said they were going to crowd source the funding for this movie. But they actually did it and then some. my wife and I have always loved the series, and couldn't believe that they stopped it like they did., a la deadwood, pushing daisies, Fire Fly etc. anyway we loved the movie, we didn't see it in the movie theater, but we have Amazon prime and were able to rent it for 4 bucks....What a great deal. They left the ending so it almost looks like they could do another movie, which would be great!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you were a fan of the Veronica Mars series, you will love the movie. I love the way it was funded by fans too! I think the movie is even better than the series. It picks up Veronica's life several years after the series ended. The mystery is complicated and hard to solve. The decisions Veronica has to make are difficult life changing decisions. The acting was solid, the characters complex, and it looks like a much more expensive movie than it is. I hope they do a sequel."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love me some Veronica Mars!  No, the movie does not give you all the same joy, anticipation and frenzied excitement as the TV show but it was a well done story of people who have moved into the next stages of life with all the decisions, dramas and regrets that can come along for the ride.  Throw in murder, intrigue, and a love affair for the ages...and you have one heck of a movie.  if you like film noir, suspense, and detective movies, check it out.Also, when you do, you support a movement. I believe that if we get a Veronica Mars movie every few years, they will just get better and better because the creator is committed to such excellence and has the vision.  Let's support it and keep the dream alive.  This has been a PSA brought to you by this one fan of Veronica Mars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had mediocre expectations when I went to see this move, I just didn't want to get my hopes up for a fantastic movie and then have it be a let down. But I was extremely pleasantly surprised with the movie. It was well made, well filmed, gave us marshmallows the answers we've been dying for, and had some great suspense scenes. I was so happy that I made the commitment to this movie that I did, and can't wait to own it so I can watch it again and again!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A former student (Beau Bridges) returns to his old Catholic prep school after ten years, this time as the new Gym teacher, Mr. Reese. His free-spirited approach is in sharp contrast to the dire mood he finds, especially from the sour Latin teacher, Mr. Jerome (James Mason- LOLITA, JOURNEY TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH). Reese quickly discovers a dark secret among the students. For some reason, simple pranks have escalated into dangerous acts of brutality. Just what has Reese stumbled into? After allying himself w/ the kindly Mr. Dobbs (Robert Preston), Reese tries to solve the mystery behind the almost ritualistic violence. Can they get to the truth before someone is killed? Meanwhile, Jerome seems to mentally disintegrate before their eyes. CHILD'S PLAY is a deceptively calm film full of macabre atmosphere and sacrilegious imagery. The fiendish finale is perfectly bleak and disturbing..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "And I mean that in every way ;). She looks so pure and innocent. As I said about &#34;Strangers With Candy&#34; I am not sure this series could be shown on TV these days because it isn't politically correct enough. Too many people have forgotten how to laugh at themselves any more.I have also heard that Sarah is kind of like she is in this series in real life in the sense that she is outspoken and sometimes people are offended by her honesty and political incorrectness. Lighten up America (and others), humor and laughing at oneself is better medicine than anything a doctor could give you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a pretty realistic view of what would happen during a nuclear war.  I do believe people would come together and help each other.  That being said, communities would come together like they did in Jericho and would help each other, until the food ran out.  After that it would be every person for themselves.  Luckily we don't have to see that.  What we do see is what would happen after a  nuclear exchange.  Modern things stop working, food stops arriving and people that get common injuries and colds all of a sudden become life threatening events.  I like the stories, I like the characters.  Great show all around."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "i've had this one for a little while.  I figured it was finally time to check out Jericho and see what the buzz was really all about.  Even i've seen a preview or two of the show.  It didnt really do it justice at all.  I watched the whole series in 3 days time and it left me wanting more 22 episodes packed with all kinds of intrigue, sub plots with the different characters throughtout the show.  It goes without saying that this is one of the shows to look out for in 2008.  With tensions high between Jericho and the neighboring town of New Bern.Along with other things forming in this series it is evident that the show hasnt even begun to hit its stride.  Great characters, well done stories and design make this something all should check sooner rather than later."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What would you do during a disaster scenario where information is scarce and everything is headed into a downward spiral? Most likely, try to keep your head above water. That is the premise of Jericho, a smaller city outside of a location that experienced a major nuclear attack. It follows a town as they deal with the likely problems we as a society would face when things turn extremely rough. Sadly, it only lasted for two seasons, meaning at some point the story line will simply drop off, never to be continued. :("}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was so sorry to find out that this show was not continued.  It is wrapped up a bit. but it was really good with great character development and storyline.  I enjoyed all of it.At first I thought it was going to be cheesy... but it wasn't.  Yeah, there was some stuff that didn't make sense... like that despite no electricity, the women all had perfect hair.  Really silly... oh and they all dressed great despite the fact that they had no access to the outside world and no way to wash or iron clothing.  That was also silly.  But I overlooked that because it was really a good show and fun and exciting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Quick Overview: Jake returns to the town of Jericho to work out some money matters with his father. He makes a speedy exit that is halted abruptly when a ginormous explosion rocks Jericho. Now the whole population is cut off from everything.  Secrets and such come out as these citizens ban together to survive.Great plot. Viewers learn a lot about all of the characters and their histories as they maneuver this big scale event. It didn't take me long to get into the swing on things. The cast does a remarkable job working together and delivering believable dialogue."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Engrossing and spectacularly produced, to be enjoyed as entertainment, not history, as it contains many errors of fact. For instance, the writers throw in a couple of completely fabricated homosexual affairs, seemingly just for the hell of it. And a fabricated murder of a royal, married to the (historically) wrong princess. And some of the timelines are messed up. And the series starts with the murder of someone who wasn't murdered. And completely wrong on a suicide and someone going crazy.But, due to its contemporary feel, it succeeds in getting the viewer interested in this period of history, if nothing more than to check up on its accuracy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What show are the rest of these reviewers watching? I was excited to see this after reading the reviews, but barely made it through the first two hours. Incredibly boring, like a lavish network soap with all that implies. The history is sketchy; if you're going to twist history, at least make it fun and appealing in some way that the truth does not.This is one of the slowest and most unpleasant tv shows I have seen in some time. Then again, I don't watch tv, only tv shows on dvd that reviewers I usually trust found to be good. Guess that's not the best way either! Oh well, I found The Office (the funny version) and Arrested Development that way, so it can't be all bad. Didn't work this time, though.Pass."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Casting could have been better here, as could some of the acting.  The music is nothing great either, and I don't care much for the fellow playing Henry.  The first season drags out all the business with Anne Boleyn, Catherine of Aragon, and Thomas Wolsey, also.The costumes and locations are wonderful, and there is some entertainment to be had.  Apparently the history is inaccurate, though I can't really comment on that since I am not that familiar with the era and people involved.Okay for a cheap rental, but nobody needs to purchase this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season is good, but not great. That can be attributed to the fact that there are only 10 episodes for the season. It mostly deals with the fallout from Lem's death at the end of season 5. Because season five was also short, only 11 episodes, this season should just be considered a continuation of that.The first couple of episodes wrap up the Jon Kavanaugh storyline. There's also a new leader for the Strike Team, Kevin Hiatt, the San Marcos Murders, Vic searching for Lem's killer, Julian is promoted to the Strike Team, Dutch not meshing with Billings, Tina teaming up with Danny, Dutch trying to get with Tina, Shane cutting a deal with the Armenians, and a new bad guy behind the things going on in Farmington.This season was good, and probably would get a 5, but compared to the first 4 seasons of the Shield, it just wasn't in the same class."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Shield - wherein it is proven that nothing elevates a TV drama to a place above daytime soaps more than graphic violence, profanity and gore combined with corrupt cops, grotesque pimps, ho's galore, violent mobsters of all ethnic varieties, rapes and pillage. Throw in a generous bunch of victims and perps, both repulsive and sympathetic, and you get an excellent drama that will satisfy all your voyeuristic needs. Good writing plus good acting plus good production values create a memorable series. If you can imagine Elmore Leonard and James Ellroy collaborating on The Wire and dropping it into the ethnic cauldron of Los Angeles, you'd get The Shield."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I ordered this product and did not receive it; this review is from the uncut televised edition, which(I presume) is the same as the DVD.The theme, as with so many themes in 1950-1970 comedies, is a mild slapstick farce where a man's devotion to marriage is challenged.  Bob Hope is loyal to his wife but a misdialing of the phone gets him mixed up with a sexy movie starlet(played pefectly by Elke Sommer).  The rumor at the time in Hollywood is that Hope had requested to make this film with her as co-star.  I can't confirm that, but seeing the film, you could understand if he did.The film is pretty amusing and if you are a Bob Hope (or, to be honest, Elke Sommer) fan, then grab this.  Phyllis Diller is his \"co-pilot\" and, as always, puts in a perfect performance too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show grows on you and will instantly become one of your favorites.  This season is the best by far.  The cast is amazing but of course the show is carried by the excellent performance of Kyra Sedgwick.  Wow.  To see Brenda lee Johnson working over a suspect to get a confession using her skill, creativity and intelligence is television at its best.This is the glue that holds the show together but this 3rd season also brought us more into Brenda's personal relationship with Fritz and also with her parents.  Both are very enjoyable, inventive aspects to add yet even more dimensions to the character that is Brenda Lee Johnson.The subjects are timely and very interesting.  All I can say is I watch this show on the edge of my seat and find it to be of the highest caliber compared to other shows out there."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was late to start watching the Closer on tv and no sooner did I find that it is a great show than it was in it's last season.  So I am so glad to be able to buy the season's I missed.  I go through Amazon on my Roku and the whole thing is just great.  It's a good show to watch and Amazon and Roku make it easy to obtain and watch.  Before then I was buying dvd's and they were over running my house."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a huge Cary Grant fan, I thought I'd seen all of his movies, and today, this gem came to my attention. I sure miss the values, the love and the care for one's family and neighbors as depicted in this movie. I was born in the 60's, so I remember scouting, and the morals and values that were taught. I remember friendly neighborhood children, riding bikes and going to the beach.I didn't expect to get choked up watching this, but I did, as well as laugh out loud at times. This story is about a family with a heart for children. They bring two children who are living in orphanages, into their homes. The transformation that love, discipline, and a home can cause on even the most devastated child. How I wish things could go back to the way they were. I know it wasn't as idyllic as is shown in movies, but I definitely miss those days. I'd give this 10 stars if I could!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Although this season of Eureka did not have a particularly strong story arc that carried throughout (the questions of \"the artifact\" are never answered in a satisfactory manner), it really doesn't matter. The show is just so much fun to watch! It's the strength of the characters that makes it shine- Sheriff Carter, Deputy Lupo, Fargo, Zoe, Alison, Stark, and of course, Henry Deacon. It's a delight to see the chemistry that occurs between all these well written characters, as they attempt to save the town of Eureka from a new crisis each episode. Sure, it's pretty formulaic, but that's part of what makes it so good... it's familiar, and comforting, and the formula just plain WORKS.Unfortunately, the resolution on this DVD is not very good (it's old technology, after all), and it's not available on Blu-ray. But if you can stream it from Netflix in HD, it looks fantastic."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "good enough to watch / have on in the background. Would be 10 billion times better without the Max Headroom idiot (Matthew George \"Matt\" Frewer) (what kind of idiot named Matthew needs Matt w/in quotes w/in his name, now if his name was Matthew George \"the Dork\" Frewer it would all make sense). The guy has the worst fake Australian accent ever & is horrible trying to be crocodile Dundee. Luckily the dum dum is only in about 5% of the scenes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Although I would call myself a sci-fi buff I truly enjoy a show that challenges our mindset.  Years ago (probably 58 yrs.) a comic strip had a detective-Dick Tracy- with a wrist watch that was also a camera and a communication device.  I have lived long enough to see something similar to it come to life.  Long before the first spaceship went into orbit Flash Gordon another comic hero was circling the distant planets in a spaceship.  Sci-Fi for many is boring for me I enjoy seeing the imagination of men/women become reality."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Life is complicated. This story line is clever and serves that  truth well.I like the idea that Angels can be like ordinary, overworked people.The character Holly Hunter portrays is &#34;Grace&#34; itself. She is her own worst enemy, drinking and sleeping with various people, yet committing her precious time on earth to bringing justice to, and for those who have been wronged.In spite of her endless rotations of addiction to work, sex and alcoholic drink, she makes deep commitments to her detective team, so they may help serve justice to victims of life and circumstance.Then along comes an Ordinary Angel that attempts to open the window to Grace's soul. The question becomes; will Grace respond to the bumbling ways of the Angel and find a way to save herself?  Cool ideas!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series Creator: \"Nancy Miller\" penned a nice semi-hard hitting TV version of a La Femme Nikita with severely rough edges Oaklahoma Police Dept. Detective that has fallen under the watchful graces of an Angel assigned to provide the Detective with a second chance at redemption for all of the dimwitted, narrow-minded, self destructive decisions she's made.Nicely done, almost different and indifferent to the usual Playmate Bunny types depicted in commercial Television dramas, petite \"Holly Hunter\" manages to drive this series forward with a Napolean complex hellbent on rough-housing anything, and anyone that gets in her way. While the themes are adult oriented, the nature and style is more akin to the whimsy of teenage boys--with enough preadulescent attraction for Tomboy girls--to offset oncoming hormonal desires, which makes \"SAVING GRACE\" highly entertaining viewing for the youth of my soul...  GBJ"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The season starts out with possible the best of the Psych episodes - American Duos. Tim Curry is brilliant, of course. 65 Million Years off, Bounty Hunters! (Kevin Sorbo!), Lights, Cameras...Homicido and Shawn (and Gus) of the Dead.And There's Something about Mira has the best line ever \"I should have been that goat!\"The Chief takes on a larger role - and well played.Gus and Shawn continue to be their solid selves.My only minor complaints are Black and Tan: A Crime of Fashion\" - Shawn isn't good looking enough to be a model, but Gus is? Really? Also, the set up for the appearance of the mother. Could have lived without that"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Monk's 6th is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Throughout this season, Monk must deal with his crazed fan, help a rapper, teaches Julie Teeger about love, hang out with his psychiatrist's son, shoots Santa Claus, joins a cult, becomes a fugitive, and finally has a new lead in the murder of Trudy. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON SIX!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't care for this version of BG. First, Boomer and Starbuck are women they should have made them men. Don't get me wrong their should be women fighter pilots but because they were 2 of the main characters practically every episode was about sexual intrigue, jealousy, and who's sleeping with who this week. Secondly, they use bullets instead of lasers. My guess is the producers did this to save money on special effects. Third, the society of this advanced culture still has people smoking and alcoholics and they haven't even cured cancer. A society enlightend and advanced as this(at least 100-200 years or more advanced than earth) would have cured the addiction of smoking and acoholism and/or outlawed it. Almost every actor was a drinker, smoker or both. I suspect tobacco companies and alcohol beverage companies paid the actors and probably the producers under the table to smoke in the series. They also would have cured cancer and almost every other disease. It looks like they were practicing 1940's medicine."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Already perched on the mountaintop of cinematic stories in the first two seasons, the third actually raises the level of excellence to new heights. Much of the characterization  the initial seasons developed so well actually becomes still more integral in this, the third season. I became more invested in the safety and sanity of what I have now begun to view as colleagues - their varying motivations, whether well-considered or foolish, with pride, joy, fear, or disapproval. WIth so many human issues being addressed and so many characters involved in simply dealing with the hardships of their trying life, I'm now feeling, as I watch, that I'm living it with them. At this point I find myself wishing the series will never end!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "so i truly enjoyed the first two seasons of Battlestar...truly awesome, military sci/fi show, insane sets, great plot, good acting and those Cylons. all great....the end of season two had some difficulties. alot ALOT less action and more crying. lots of crying. lots of drama. lots of forgetting the entire purpose of the show.season three is where ive ended my battlestar lust....i truly cant take Starbuck anymore, whiny brat...could care less about her romantic interests nor her false bravado.entire spisodes went by with nary a mention of the Cylons.....which, lets be honest...is the best thing about the show.it seems they lost focus or they changed course to appeal to the more 'dramatic' aspects while shelving the 'sci/fi' alltogether.terrible mistake.... i fear season three is when i say frack off Battlestar....you had a AMAZING thing going."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Another great season.  Good stories, incredible acting, does Edward James Olmos ever do a bad take? The entire run of this series seems to parallel current US politics and keeping with this theme, the President is starting to frack me off. What is her problem?  She is showing the same symptoms of fundamentalist elitism as \"W\".  I'm expecting her to walk on the bridge of Galactica and announce that she's the \"decider\".Basic Jr. College Anthropology has shown that when 2 cultures come together the first thing that happens is a lot of hatred and fighting (the humans vs. cylons).  Next comes a blending where they begin to need each other and lastly is a merger where they share a manifest destiny and work together towards this goal.The series seems to be moving in this direction but I'm sure the writers will pull the rug out from under us momentarily.  Gosh, I love this series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Firstly, I have never seen the show.  I love science fiction but usually only in the movies because I find a lot of the sci-fi shows on tv to be low budget with poor scripting and acting.This show however looks fantastic, if you didn't tell me it was a tv series I'd think it was a movie.  Aside from looking great the story looks to be engaging, exciting and just plain entertaining.  The whole point of this download is to get you into the show and to get you updated on what has happened so far, it does that well, I feel like I could just jump in and start watching the show.**A warning though, if you plan on buying/watching all of the old Battlestar Galactica episodes in the prior seasons I'd hold of on watching this as it will spoil it for you.**I recommend taking a look.  And while your at it take a look at the other free download, it's good too.  Here:SCI FI: Inside Battlestar Galactica"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After watching the first three seasons of 'Rescue Me' this season may disappoint some fans, it's still an excellent TV show, but they seemed to steer away from the firehouse banter that we've all become addicted to. The show is laced with wit, action and drama of the best kind. The cast is colorful with layers of deep emotion. After a long break I eagerly await season five! The show is filmed in widescreen and it looks great on a big screen. This season includes commentary and some interesting extras."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There's definitely some oomph missing from this season, with Tommy being weak and helpless much of the time.  Colleen has become completely stupid and annoying.  And I miss Jack McGee.However, the Jewish fire chief is wonderful, Tommy's soliloquy about Connor, given while sitting on the edge of a tall building, is excellent; and there are still interesting stories and subplots--enough of them to make it worth watching the show.May I just add that the cover art of Leary on the DVD box set is freaky?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show does for the courtroom TV genre what \"The Shield\" did for cop shows.  That is, it knocks you off balance, jumbles things around in a soup of moral ambiguity, and just really pumps new life into a tired genre.  You won't be sure who (or if there is one) the protagonist is throughout the whole season.  Glenn Close is her usual intimidating self, Zeljko Ivanek plays a star litigator, Tate Donovan his counterpart, and of course TED DANSON is amazing as the alternately shocking and hilarious Arthur Frobisher.  At 19.99, this is a steal, consdering people used to line up to pay 100 bucks for 12 episodes of shows like the Sopranos..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Damages\" is that kind of show that has you on the edge of your seat  completely confused as to what is going to happen next and in utter surprise when you discover each piece of the truth. It was one of the best shows of last season without a doubt. The show centered around Ellen (Byrne), who begins to work in the lawfirm of Patty Hewes (Glenn Close) who is a ruthless, self-serving and completely unpredictable lawyer. She focuses her work on a class action lawsuit against Arthur Frobisher (amazingly played by Danson) for insider trading. The first scene of the first episode shows Ellen running half naked in a raicoat covered in blood in the streets of New York. In each episode we discover a new piece of the puzzle and the events that led to that first scene. The past/present technique is masterfully used making each viewer very involved in solving the mystery. The performance of actors is excellent and the show is amazing. Damages is truly a great show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a big Law & Order Fan, loved the connection of Bobby * Emmes , and the other role players that followed. Jeff Goldblum , a few Captain changes but the strong writing and Dick Wolf who is still going strong with a new series based on real DA's . I was sad to see the CI series end , SVU still in production with major role changes and lets not forget the original 20 seasons of Law & Order which is my next purchase. Great to have in your library. You can watch them over and over a catch something you missed. Well Done great that Amazon has them available."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Law & Order: SVU is definitely one of my favorite shows on TV.  I only discovered it about a year and a half ago and have since become completely addicted.  I purchased the first seven seasons and noticed that the eighth season was not on DVD yet.  That didn't make much sense to me because this season aired in 2006-2007.At any rate, I'm so happy that they are releasing season eight now!  I only hope that season nine follows soon after.  And after this season is finished, I hope they don't wait too long to put it on DVD as well.If you like Law & Order, chances are you'll like this show too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Life is my favorite show of the season.It is well acted, well written, with a fascinating and original premise.The show is full of philosophy, i.e. mans search for meaning and justice.Add to that a couple of beautiful actresses thrown into the mix, and \"Life\" is a thinking man's perfect show!03/01/08I just rewatched all the pre stike episodes this week...And again, I think this is the best drama of the year and one of the best ever on TV. If you haven't seen this show yet, do yourself a favor and start at the beggining and get addicted like me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I haven't watched TV in years-got fed up with the high cost-low return from the various cable/satellite companies available.  I do watch some of the shows available online offered by the different networks on their sites. Amazon happened to offer the first episode of Life free.  Free is a good thing and also a great way to gain viewers like myself.  I am hooked.  \"Life\" is not your run of the mill cop show.  Charlie is not your run of the mill cop.  I own season 1 on DVD and have already pre-ordered season 2(have to love Amazon's price guarantee)and season 2 is a must see and in my case must own.  If you haven't seen Life you haven't lived."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love Damien Lewis; he was awesome in Band of Brothers. But everything else I've seen him in since, has failed to win me over including this new show which I wanted to like. His character (who gets out of prison for a murder he didn't do after 12 years,)is a cop who is quirky and spouts zen phiolosophy to his gorgeous partner all day. Either you like the main characters 'quirky' personality and will get into the show; or you won't which is what I experienced.In addition the flash back storytelling style grew tiresome quickly; Robin Weigert as his Captain and San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsome's Wife (Jennifer Siebold)both good actors, play very unlikable characters. In fact only Adam Arkin as Damien's ex-con financial advisor, is 'normal' and enjoyable to watch here. A big disappointment as a summer replacement show; get \"Burn Notice\" instead--it's great!l"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The pile of manure being the innumerable other cop shows out there that do the same exact thing. How on earth do all of them have viewership's? They don't deserve them. They are fairly unoriginal.Not so with Life. It is delightful. The style and such of the cinematography is sleek but unique, a hard combination to come by.The writing is so much fun. One minute deadly serious. One minute laugh out loud funny. And always sharp no matter what.Acting is incredible in every way. Story is fun.Watch this instead of those other shows that are simply boring and tired."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My wife and I had never heard of this series, but found it on Amazon Prime.  The male lead is recognizable from the hit cable series &#34;Homeland.&#34;  Yes, it's another cop detective drama and there's always a murder to solve.  But there are enough other quirky plot twists and the murders also have twists.  You find out right away that the male lead detective was himself framed and spent 12 years in prison for a murder he did not commit.  So these various parallel plots and plot twists keep it very interesting. The acting is good and there is also an element of humor.  So all in all, it is a very entertaining series that makes you want to keep watching it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An excellent ensemble cast.  Damien Lewis is magnificent.  When this became available through Amazon Prime, I rabidly devoured an episode...and then another...and then all of a sudden, Season 1 was over and I wondered at how deeply engrossed I became in Charlie's story and how much I had grown to care about him and his partner, Danni.  So now I was craving to know even more of Charlie Crews, et al. An excellent ensemble cast.  Damien Lewis is magnificent.  Now it on to season two."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The twist here is that detective Charlie Crews was put in jail for 12 years for a crime that he did not commit.  Imagine going through all  of that and then going back into the police force.  His wife has remarried, and some people still will not admit that he is innocent.  Add to this a partner who does not want to be with him, and you've got a man with some issues.  But he tries to handle them with Zen philosophy.  He also has a constant hankering for fresh fruit, since he never got any in prison.Damian Lewis is sympathetic and likeable as Crews, while Adam Arkin is in solid form as his roommate and former inmate-pal.  He helps to handle Crews' enormous settlement.A nice show with interesting characters. Fans of Deadwood will enjoy Robin Weigert in the role of the commander of the police officers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In the pilot, the look and feel of this show does for the Bionic Woman, what they did for Battlestar on the Sci-Fi channel( if not quite as gritty). Where as the original was just silly, this seems (so far) as a well thought out story, with people that we may come to care about for (good or ill).The subplots, of Jamie's reletionships with her sister, and evil crazy counterpart, for me (at least so far) make for good drama.They've got my interest, I just hope the show lives up to the pilot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After watching the first 4 seasons of Chuck, I just HAD to get the last season as well - and it was money well spent. It was a little sad knowing the series end was coming, but the writers did a good job of keeping the action flowing right up to the end. All of the characters seemed to get their special moments during this season - the only character I missed was Anna from the early seasons.I don't want to spoil anyone's surprise, but we get a few visits and flashbacks to old characters, as well as a few new ones along the way. Most of the Chuck fans should be happy with the ending as well. Boy, it is ahrd to talk about this season without giving something away, so I will just summarize:If you watched the first four seasons, this season falls nicely in-line, but with a wrap-up in the final show instead of a cliff-hanger season ender."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "this is the exact type of garbage which sends tv viewers like me away from the networks in general and nbc in particular away in DROVES.the creators of this show dont seem to know the difference between nerdy and prissy-effeminate. one character looks like a guy in a clown suit and the other is a recycled version of niles crane from frasier.the characers are retarded and this sitcom belongs in 1982 right between hello larry and the facts of life.the most offensive thing is the laughtrack which screams at you from almost the first moment.this show is an absolute insult to the viewer will be taught as an example of what not to do with a sitcom. the idea might have been a cool one if it wasnt written in giant crayons.if they are going for the youth demo with this one, people need to be fired."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This quirky little show is a little to close to reality for me to appreciate the humor.  While everyone else in the room is roaring - I'm twitching with unease because I think I dated Sheldon.  Not the star but a real character who, in my reality, was actually named \"Sheldon\"!  I thought brainiacs were sexy - NO -  they are just guys who's brains have outgrown their heads.  The funniest part in this show is the overt discomfort that is evident in these guys when they find themselves in everyday situations surrounded by dumb folk like you and me.  My favorite episode was when Sheldon got the flu and became the center of the universe (unto himself) and the great effort his friends went to in order to avoid him during his illness.  I think this was the show when I mixed up the TV Sheldon with my Sheldon, another whiney hypocondriac. Oh lord - I'm so confused.Bottom line - this is a funny funny show and well worth the price...bg"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The only \"bang\" in this series for me was the sound of my remote hitting the television screen in disgust. My bad, I bought into all the rave reviews for this abysmal, Erkel-ized comedy.Throw glasses onto Johnny Galecki and it STILL doesn't make him funny. (His casting as the weirdo, brooding idiot on Roseanne I always found strange, too.) Are people finding this \"cute\"? \"Smart\"? All I can say if I am over 50% similar to you, do yourself a favor and find some quality TV sitcom reruns to scratch your comedy itch. This will having you banging your head against the wall."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I recently moved to Thailand to teach and there is little to watch in English on t.v. I overheard some co-workers discussing how funny the show is, so I bought the first season DVD. It is so funny I finally had to stop eating while watching to avoid choking, so I bought the other two seasons. Right now I'm trying to figure out how to download season 4 to my PC. I've watched all three seasons several times and it still makes me choke on food, but I suppose eventually I'll get tired of it and stop laughing. Hasn't happened yet, though."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After resisting the urge to make big changes in season three, season four changed everything, especially the team that works with House, which took a bit longer than it really needed, but which led to a two-part ending that's among the best episodes the show ever produced. The DVDs look and sound excellent, and the extras are a step up from the previous release, though they are missing a few of the more popular elements from previous sets. Unlike last season, this is a fine opportunity for new fans to jump on board, with a season that's practically self-contained, yet a wonderful continuation on the show's storylines."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've loved HOUSE since its inception for the most obvious reason: Hugh Laurie. This season decided to sidestep a little and really take some time to highlight the supporting characters. The moments of the series that give me the most consistent pleasure are the moments with Laurie interacting with Robert Sean Leonard and Lisa Edelstein. Those scenes are attacked with gusto and a great deal of humor. The \"medical mysteries\" are slightly more edgy than your usual doctor drama, but don't really add to what makes the show great as often as they could. I will close this review by saying that the season finale is one of the most tragic episodes of television ever. I was sobbing like a little girl who skins her knee while finding out her puppy just ran away from home at the same time she found out that Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny don't exist. I found it very difficult to stop crying for several minutes AFTER the show was over!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love the show, and how it depicts what can happen if the prosecutor is dead set on sending someone to prison, whether or not the crime was a justified homicide.  One episode recently showed a woman who killed her son because he was so mentally ill and violent that she knew he would kill someone if she didn't stop him.  The wheels of justice were not weighed in her favor and the jury sent her to jail.  Why?  Because the prosecutor showed that she did it, not only to save humanity, but to save her marriage to the young man's stepfather and their two children.  So, because there was a &#34;selfish&#34; reason, she lost the sympathy of the jurors.  I wonder whether the verdict would have been the same if the Lanza kid from Sandy Hook had been shot by his mother before he killed all the childrent at that school.  Probably so."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first I kinda felt the 3rd season of Prison Break started off a little stale.  Then by the third episode I was hooked as usual.  You got Scofield dumped in the most horrific prison known to man.  You got Bellick walking around half-naked lookin' like something the cat dragged in, after it threw it up.  Mahone is going through some serious withdrawal issues.  And Linc on the outside pretty much clueless.  My boy Sucre is still hangin' around dedicated to Michael for all he's done.  T-Bag continues his menacing wrath. Newcomers, Whistler and Lechero and the vicious Gretchen a.k.a Susan B. make for some very interesting storylines.  I agree that that daggone writer's strike did make this season seems rushed.  It's all worth it though to see Wentworth Miller all hot and sweaty between a rock and a hard place."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I passed this series up more than one time thinking it was just another reality show.  When I finally did give it a shot, I was hooked!  Having watched the first season on Netflix, I knew I had to buy the rest to find out what enterprising shenanigans Michael could come up with next.  I really really don't like the way the last season ended.  I think it was a rip off to &#34;set aside&#34; a very big part of this series in a two hour dvd that isn't part of the original seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's truely unfortunate how quickly this show took a nose-dive after such an excellent first season. This is easily the worst season of Heroes, but to fair this is due to the writer's strike and their best writer from the first season leaving; he returns for the forth season but it's too late to save the show. Having said all that there's still some great progression with the main characters and a fair amount of interesting new characters that works well within season 2. If you're only a casual fan of the show I'd recommend skipping this one, as it doesn't really tie much into the rest of the series aside from a few details, and only purchase the first season, but if you're a pretty big fan then get all of them since there's only four seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The best thing to happen to season 2 was the writer's strike, it put the season out of its misery!  With that the producers decided to cancel the rest of the season and try again next year.The cliffhanger from season 1 was not even delt with until most viewers stopped watching.Oh, this second season was PAINFUL to watch!  My co-workers dropped out after only 4 episodes. I recorded the show so that I could fast forward through, hoping it would get back on track.  It never did, I kept fast forwarding through the entire season.Season 1 was great, never to be equaled by season 2.  Maybe season 3 will be better, if anyone is still watching.  It is sad to see the hottest show of 2006 go down in flames in 2007."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While season 2 turned out to be the weak point of the series it was far from being terrible.  The first season gave us the introduction of the hero characters and their individual stories and plots for why they did what they did,  the second and the rest of the season gave us more on the superhero plotline stories rather then the secret identity story plot it felt like.  While there are a few characters who felt they weren't needed it didn't detract from the enjoyment I got from watching the show, and for the price the set is going for right now I feel it's forgivable especially since this is the shortest season of the four seasons the show as on the air.  The video and audio are great with nice clarity and sound especially as you hear the background sound.  So again while this wasn't the greatest season it's still and enjoyable enough season to add to your dvd library anyway considering what the price for the set is going for it's a pretty reasonable bargain...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There are still plenty of things to like in Season 2:  the return to TV of Kristen Bell, Star Trek alumni Nichelle Nichols and George Takei in guest roles, the adorable Micah, likeable Ando, and the relationship among Matt, Molly, and the Doc, as well as the Petrelli brothers and their conniving mother.The problems:  the storylines about the virus are a pale echo of the final season of the 4400; Hiro's trip to the past should not have been so dull; there's a lot of tragedy, violence, and angst without the humor and to joy to balance them out.  And what Hiro did to Adam Monroe is inexcusable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This unassuming little show about a small Texas town and it's football team was a great ride, all the way through to the final season.  The show features well-rounded characters with realistic problems and believable flaws.  And, that's refreshing, compared to some of today's reality shows (where the filthy rich drum up pseudo-problems to complain about).Maybe the fictional town of Dillon, Texas reminded me nostalgically of my own hometown, where the whole town populace came out on Friday nights to cheer on the football team of the only high school in town.  Or maybe the fictional characters just remind me of my own classmates, teachers, and coaches.  But, whatever the reason, this is one great show, well-acted and under-recognized."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I know everyone is whining around about the price for a shortened season, but let's face the facts, Season 4 was excellent even against tough expectations.  The humor was still buoyant and creative, and the storylines still had energy as the twists and turns stayed fresh.  Storylines were also craftily constructed to show parallels between characters, or wrapped together 2 or 3 seperate storylines, etc.After the slighest of let-downs in Season 3, Season 4 still shows the punch and zip of a fun and humorous mockumentary that's well edited."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Amazon Unbox rocks!! Do not listen to a bunch of mad mac fans. Mac sucks and that is why nothing supports it. The Unbox service is easy to use, easy to download, and you get your episodes a day after they air! I am very happy with it. If a mac user is waiting for it to go to iTunes, forget it! Mac messed up again and thought their service was going to be the only one on the block. Now I can buy .mp3 songs (unprotected) and video files with being stuck with crapmac software. By the way if you buy a song on itunes it is in .mp4 format and can ONLY be used with crapmac software. So who is Propriety? Unbox 5 stars itunes 0 stars period!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Run to the bank, LizLemon! 30Rock busts out for season two sharper than ever! Spot on with it's cameos, Seinfeld-esque moments and knockout characters and writing, it deserves every one of its accolades. Bottle of wine and and one \"Play All\" menu selection, I found myself laughing out loud more than once with each episode.Don't miss the special features of the \"live on stage\" episode, raising money for the PAs during the infamous strike. It's spontaneous and fun to hear the audience laugh along. Bravo! If I had the patience to watch network TV, this would be on my list (but I don't)!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Tina Fey is an intelligent (read: thinking) Lucille Ball. In her zany skits and amongst her madcap crew there can be a redeeming moral found - life lessons if you would. For instance how to handle homosexuals who all seem to believe that if you don't allow their advances that makes you a hater not so. I don't care what sort of perversion that you practice behind closed doors as long as your not practicing them on my children or putting in my face. Jane Krakowski plays a self-involved actress that epitomizes America today and of course Alec Baldwin represents everything wrong with capitalissssm.edit: For instance, how to handle unwanted advances from homosexuals. How to recognize situations where your child's innocence could be compromised by pack leaders, teachers and other people in authority."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The dudes are getting a bit more sensitive that I want them.  But hey stuff changes and it is still a lot of fun with math which I never saw coming.  Plus we get some super yummy guest spots with Lou diamond Phillips.  The guest stars are a lot of fun, you never know who is going to show up and I like that.  it is still an exciting show with a good mix of gun fire and family.  so sit down with your family and watch this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Is what the producers named this season as it answers the questions from season four.However, this season creates new questions for season 6.The result is a shorter season, 18 episodes instead of the standard 24, which is an almost perfect bridge between seasons four and six.The main story line is Director Shepard's pursuit of an arms dealer code name La Grenouille.This is complicated by her personal considerations and a possible link between La Grenouille and the CIA.Several excellent stories looking at our military trying to deal with multiple wars and cultures support this main story.All of this results in an entertaining season of excellent mysteries, great characters with a solid on-going story.While this is a season of answers their are new questions for next year."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the first season that James the gravedigger is in. He is great to root for because he's not a great talker and he's the biggest powerhouse to play the game. He ends up with 2 idols and makes a bad move. Amanda is one of the stronger girls to play the game but she gets pretty annoying because of how smug she is. Todd is the biggest schemer and deserves to win the game more than anyone else. This season has a big twist that screws the 2 strongest players in the game, Aaron and James. Courtney is probably the weakest player ever to play to game. She starts the game at 93 lbs and ends up at 86 lbs. Jean Robert is the token jerk. Peih Gee is supper annoying and freaks out all the time and she thinks she's somehow the leader of a tribe. James' tribe is great to root for and Peih Gee's tribe is the tribe you hope loses. Jaimee and Erik are both total losers who are great for each other."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A bad episode of HIMYM is like a good episode of any other show. in other words, it's AMAZE-balls. I never turn it off because it's good medicine: laughter & stress relief.This show is my wrinkle cream (it pumps blood to my face and increases circulation to my wrinkles, slowing the aging process. Also, cranky people age faster: this is my scientific and medically sound theory). A few laugh lines are okay in exchange for general skin dewiness. Added Value: I'm less of a total behotch after I &#34;watch my show&#34; as the old people say. Everybody wins!Wow, does Ted sleep with a lot of women. I hope he is covered in a hazmat latex bodysuit with um, many spermicid-y chemicals."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's been one of my USMC brother's favorite shows during regular season. My husband & I both picked it up from Amazon Prime and we absolutely LOVE it. Fourth season gets a little cray-cray with the sequestering of the families, but that's a different review. As a believer, seeing what these Delta Force operatives are facing helps me understand how to pray for our warriors with better intelligence. Good writing. AMAZING CASTING! Every character is just pitch perfect, although sometimes you just want to take one of the wives out to the powder room for a little WomanUp pep talk. But still believable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We love this show!  The acting is incredible and the storyline is very believable.  There are characters you love to hate (like Tiffy) and then there are characters you adore, and others who surprise you in varying episodes.  Scott Foley is so good - you never know what to think about him - whether he's sometimes careless or otherwise brilliant and shows his &#34;human&#34; side.  He is also very good at dropping in bouts of humor when they are very much needed.  I highly recommend this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I enjoy The Unit. I cannot say the acting is wonderful or that the story lines are uniformly excellent, but there is always enough to keep my attention. In fairness, the acting and writing is not uniform. Some episodes are very good and others are ok.Of course, a suspension of disbelief is a good idea as the team always comes out alive, with one exception, against odds that seem impossible. Their cunning strategies, ability to cope with the unforeseen and their military prowess always seems to get the guys home safely. But, hey, what's wrong with a little suspension of disbelief when you want some escape time?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a great tv series with well developed characters andbevy of interesting stories.  I have watched each season on dvd andseason 3 is as good as the first two.  Even if it's a shorter one due to the writers strikes.  One of the main reasons to watch this show is theromantic tension between the two lead characters. The show reminds me of C.S.I but it really delves into the personal lives of the characters.  It would be great to see more of this with the Booth and Cam characters aswell. There isn't a bad episode in this season either.  I can't understand the low ratings that some people gave for such a well made and entertaining show. And you don't need to start at season 1 to enjoy season 3 at all.  So if you are into a great  crime procedural show with great characters and fine acting then this one is for you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Another great season but a bit choppy. For some reason there were a couple of episodes mixed up or somthing. At the beginning Angela and Hodges were engaged but then in the middle of the season there is a couple of episodes where Hodges is trying to ask her to marry him.It was a bit confusing. THere is a episode about horses and humans running around pretending to be horses.It was rather disgusting. The best part about that episode is the last five minutes when the two main characters are discussing the days work."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show was just a little too early to ride the vampire wave. It came out right before vampires became &#34;cool&#34;Ok there was some cheesy moments at times, it was a low budget TV show. But look at Buffy! How did Buffy make it and not this show? I can't stand watching Buffy.But it was a really sweet premise. I loved the relationship between the 2 main characters. I loved the storylines. This was a really well done show. As I said it had its cheesy moments, but it was only the first year. It didn't really get into its groove yet. The way the last episode ends is so sweet! I want to see more.I bought this and I revisit it every so often and mourn its passing. Great potential for an excellent series, but cut short."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Ok so it started off well and then about the time of the writers strike it had a bad episode that could have killed this for me and then bam, I don't know what happened but suddenly the story is flying the action is interesting and the forever knight remake is reborn with new power and vigor not seen since, well forever knight. The episodes are great except for one and even though they are good they keep getting better and better. This has that real touch that goes so well with honest in your face fantasy, like dead like me? the dead zone? you'll like this. it's a keeper."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have watched this series several times. A mix of colorful characters, with some humor from Dr. McKay played by Davd Hewlett and a handsome badass hero in the form of Colonel Shepherd, played by Joe Flannigan. These are the earth people. They travel through a Stargate to explore other worlds and pick up Tayla, a beautiful native of another planet and our first glimpse of the gorgeous hunk from Game of Thrones, Jason Mamoa who plays Ronan, from the planet Seteda. Adventure awaits as the explore other planets and learn of a formidable foe, the Wraith, who like to draw the life out of humans. Altogether a very entertaining ride."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Thank goodness that a good space opera series is still being made.They really try to put out a quality show with stargate atlantis.This series may not be as exciting as season 3 overall but it's still agood show and well worth watching. I do think it was a mistake toremove the head of atlantis; the dr. wier character from the show, just as removing  Dr. Becket character from the previous series was not the best move in my opinion.  Still it takes guts to remove major characters and the Samantha Carter character does a good job at being the bases new leader. She has to let the others do most of the work though as she mainly runs the base.  I still loved the show though due to it's overall quality and fine acting so it's worth watching for even non stargate fans who enjoy good sci fi that is very well made."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While the first two seasons were very successful, the third season is awful. THe idea of changing the format slightly is understandable and the creators were probably aftaid of getting in a rut. The problem is that the show was really very good. Until, at first Earls goes to prison, during which time he stops crossing things off his list and then he goes into a coma and it gets worse, a lot worse. Also, while previously the storylines were funny now the want to shock also slightly and the whole concept does not work anymore really."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "All my favourite television shows suffered greatly from the Writer's Strike. Not here. Supernatural Season Three has some of the best episodes yet. The groundhog day episode, the lucky rabbit's foot, the witch coven. the sixteen episodes are more solid a season that most can do with a full 22 episode season. All in all, it is vastly superior when compared to the previous seasons.The producers included a bit more than the standard fare of special features, more to help fatten the DVD load. There was almost no need for this, given the character growth and the strength of the metaplot. We still have 5.1 audio tracks and the CGI is a heck of a lot better.The season ramps up with a finale that we've seen coming for a year. And in the end we are left wondering just how the hell this show can keep going. But in fact, it does. And it's storytelling at its best."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you haven't watched any of the Supernatural shows you are missing out on a great show! This show rocks! I really hope they don't end the show after 5 seasons like the creator keeps saying he's going to do. You can keep supernatural stuff going forever! I get the magazine which I highly recommend too. You learn a lot of stuff about the actors and what's going on with the show in the book. Also has some hot posters too. The music for the show is always awesome! I wish they could get a soundtrack out if they haven't already. I know there were some problems with that in reading the magazine. We can only hope. Once again..I highly recommend this show..you will not be disappointed!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If it isn't, it's pretty darn close. Supernatural just gets better and better with each passing season. I just watched the third episode of season four last night on TV and it looks like the current season is heading in the right direction. This is the only great show the CW has ever produced. Most people make fun of the network, but I bet they haven't watched this show. It has good acting (the two leads are very likeable), clever and often funny writing, very good special effects, a classic rock soundtrack and a well thought out storyline. Not to mention all the different hot babes that pop up almost every week.Supernatural gets a lot of involvement from the writers and directors of the The X-Files and it shows in it's quality. If your a horror and action fan like me, you won't find any show on TV better than this. Okay, maybe Dexter, but that's more thriller than horror."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am very pleased with the PQ on this BLU-RAY 3rd season of Supernatural. Howver, I cannot seem to get a menu of any kind, so once I put in the disc, I have to watch all the episodes in order... can't take a break or call up specific episodes... am I unique in this? do you other buyers share this? -  I hope the manufacturer will fix this for the other Blu-Ray seasons cause this sucks! Otherwise, I would have rated 5 stars..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you love your Sci-Fi as much as I do, then you&#34;re in for the ride of your life with &#34;Stargate SG-1 Season 2&#34; .  This show never did disappoint me! It has &#34;jaw-dropping&#34; action all the way through it and then some. The good guys don&#34;t always win in this block buster of a hit, but when they get the upper hand and do win, you feel triumphant right with them.....AT HOME! Every one of the Seasons in this series is just a part of the whole.....wait until you see how it comes out in the end! Yes, I very highly recommend watching a show like &#34;Stargate SG-1 Season 2&#34;. I think you may even begin to like Sci-Fi, too!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The long odyssey of the remnants of the human race comes gradually to a head in the first part of BSG's final season. The wear and tear is starting to show in both ship and crew. Edgy, gritty as hell and operatic in scope, this sets the bar for outer space SF well into the troposphere. There may never be another series or movie to compare. I look forward to owning the entire series and watching it again, from start to finish. Amazing stuff.That said, I do think the producers are screwing us with this split season approach...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series has a variety of plots, and the chemistry works well among all the characters.  It is fast moving with a lot of action, yet it keeps its humanity.  The main characters are all fascinating because they've previously been clandestine agents and have many tricks of their trade from which to draw.  The female lead character is very strong and strong-willed with her own mind and actions, which is very refreshing.  She also has a good heart, along with the other 2 male leads, so they find themselves constantly helping other people instead of sticking to their own agendas.  All 3 three main charcters are fearless and capable of extracting themselves from dangerous situations and people.  The violence is not graphic and not overdone.  Recommend Seasons 1 - 4.  Haven't seen 5 yet. Have a good day, everyone."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a great show with a great cast, and it immediately can count itself amongst USA network classics like Monk and MacGyver.  A funny, down to earth intelligence officer/agent has been \"burned\"  by his handlers (declared unreliable) and is confined to Miami where he must work under the table as an \"investigator\" while he figures out his situation.  Its not really that deep or ground breaking, but it works as an original series.Caveat, I saw this at the store for 39.99, regular price.  That is too high, don't pay more than what is advertised here.  Show is great, but you only get 11  42 minute episodes and the video quality is mediocre at best.  25.99 is a fair price."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My son got me watching this show and boy are they addictive.  We can watch 5-6 shows at a time.  The plots seem quite original.  Never a dull moment.  Love the characters.  Am trying to figure out what makes these so entertaining--original plots, realistic and unusual lead characters, pretty scenery, the narration--they educate the viewer about spy stuff while they entertain.  I think that's what sets them apart--the aspect of educating about spy work.  The humor is fun, too.  They're upbeat but not silly. The violence doesn't seem heavy.  You're happy to see the bad guys get their due.  A fresh, original series!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie is outstanding!  It's intense, and terrible things happen, but the story and the actors are all amazing.  I've been wanting to see Anton Yelchin in something else ever since seeing him in \"Taken\", and I was really impressed by his role in this film.  I also wanted to see Kristen Stewart in something else, and I watched this one and another one she was in, and I'm extremely impressed with her.  I expected another Bella, but in both movies, she was totally different. I don't know what it is, how some actors can be so many different characters so convincingly.  some are basically the same all the time, but not these two extremely fine actors! Everyone in this movie played their roles to perfection, and I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series starts with lots of explicit scenes of screwing -- and ends up being a fairly deep meditation on love and loyalty and family.David Duchovny plays a washed-up writer who drinks, snorts drugs and sleeps with anyone who will sleep with him (and apparently there are many) -- but harbors a deep and abiding love for his former partner, about to be married to another man, and their 12-year-old daughter.There are many funny scenes as the series develops and we also meet an interesting supporting cast. But the laughs and the sex scenes become fewer as the story unfolds and the Duchovny character's inner sadness and longing for permanent connection becomes the dominant theme.I found this series a rather effective critique on the emptiness of the fast-lane L.A. world the characters inhabit and of our insistence on eternal youth which inhibits people growing up to become true adults."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Californication is a very fun, wild, and inventive show. In someways it feels like a highbrow entourage minus the literal entourage. The main character, Hank Moody, is a wild bad boy writer whose fun times usually lead him into some sticky situations. There is a solid balance between love, laughter, and over the top situations. At several times you will find yourself wanting to be in Hank's shoes and other times so glad you live a relatively benign life. A very fun watch and i would recommend it to anyone that does not mind excessive profanity and at times nudity."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Okay, I admit it...I look at accidents on the highway and I watched the full first season of Californication.First, it's completely \"overbaked\" including the annoying theme tune...and I watched it anyway. Second, it's completely formulaic right down to the required-for-cable sprinklings of T&A...and; I watched it anyway. The Sex in the City-esque voiceovers - both with and without the typing on the computer - was a hurlfest for me...and I watched it anyway.If I hadn't lived in LA myself and hadn't known more than one guy like Duchovny's character maybe I wouldn't have been sucked in, but alas, I was. Maybe there's some backward-masking or some subliminal messaging that got me through this. I'm not proud to say it, but I watched it and it's okay. Not great IMHO, but okay."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Mad Men\" is great and I've watched three seasons of it, but \"Breaking Bad\" is phenomenal (and I've only just gotten started).  In fact, this could be one of the best shows ever.  Seven fantastic episodes kicked off by the pilot-to-end-all-pilots.  The only lull in the season is when Walter White's family has a long intervention with him about why he doesn't want to get chemotherapy.  Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad scene, but it's blown away by every other scene in the show.  Bryan Cranston does a great job, as usual."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is NOt for kids. In fact ,  the lead character is a man driven by anger and humiliation to do everything that is wrong.  He literally breaks bad in his fifties as he condemned to die from cancer.  The show is well written with a large amount of very dark comedy in it.  It's very unpoliitcally correct in a bad way , but it also does depict how nasty some people are. Meth of course is destroying whole communities , so the writers picked the most offensive drug they could for the character to fall into. After all breaking bad pot man wouldn't be that offensive would it?  The acting is great , with  emmies' won by cast members over the years. This is not a nice show , but it is dark and horribly funny.  This looks best in hd of course.  SO a blu ray would be the best way to go. or hd video."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I&#8217;m several years late to the Breaking Bad party, and I just got on the train by watching Season One.  The acting is very good and you really get sucked into the story.  Despite being such a bad topic &#8211; person turning to drugs for money, the associated destroying of lives, etc. &#8211; you find yourself rooting for the new drug dealer.  The series is engaging and I am off to order Season Two.Rather than a DVD, I purchased the season via the Video on Demand and have watched it on both my TV and Kindle Fire.  I really like the portability vs. having to have a DVD player!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As promised, the acting, cinematography, and general production values are top notch.  But like the Sopranos, I find the content toxic and depressing.  There is already a pattern of a buildup of tension and a narrow escape.  This chemistry teacher is going to have to come up with more complicated strategies to pull off this double life.  But he seems to have a sociopathic disregard for the lives he's destroying even as his own body is wasting away.  I'm simply not up for 40 more hours of covert drug manufacturers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My wife and I rated this a four-star series. The makers of the series quickly roped you into the story line, and the actors were believable. There was a sufficient amount of action with an appropriate combination of heroes and villains. We got hooked on the series and spent a good portion of one weekend enjoying it. We finished the entire 20+ episode series in just a few days. Our only disappointment was there was only one full season and a very-abbreviated second season. That being said, we found this series to be very much worth the watch."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 2 just ends in the middle of the season leaving the viewer with a HBO Soprano's ending.  Purchased a prime membership so the family could have a movie night. Thinking about going to Netflix it is only 1 cent more and has CC for the hearing disabled.  Like many Amazon rebroadcast television seasons are not CC or have a few of the episodes that are CC and  the rest are not in the same series. So if a member of your family can not hear or has trouble hearing Netflix or Hulu might be a better option since Amazon carries little selection for the hearing disabled. Called Amazon customer support about CC their programming :i.e. Jericho , Falling sky, etc., waste of time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best &#34;what if&#34; series I've seen since  the &#34;Amerika&#34; mini series years ago.Very good acting.  Very convincing.Hollywood used the &#34;nuclear blasts&#34; scenario, but I honestly don't believe that scenario will be the catalyst to bring this country (actually this planet) to it's knees.  I believe it's going to be some major cosmic event that's going to change this planet and the life of every living thing on it.  No one knows exactly what's going to happen, but it more than likely will be life changing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season has the 2 biggest badasses in survivor history, Ozzy and James. They may be not the most strategic players and both get played by Parvati. Parvati is a pretty good player but not the best. She gets lucky that all the fans on the jury are obsessed with her. Amanda deserves to win the game. The fans are pretty worthless except Erik who is a pretty good player. Erik gets duped at a point and makes one of the dumbest move in survivor history. There are some early exits that are pretty disappointing. Ozzy finds an hidden immunity idol and replaces it with a stick and one of the fans finds it and thinks its the real idol."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While I'll admit, this movie is a fun waste of time that fanboys of Jenna Jameson and Roxy Saint will love, I'm at a loss to what to say about it. It's not your typical zombie flick, per se. It's not your typical stripper flick either. It's not even a horror comedy. Yet, whatever it is, it is strangely a pretty good movie. The story has something to do a with a zombie-like virus passed along to a member of a military strike-team, who then escapes to a strip club where he bites Jenna Jameson, who the bites some more people.  Robert Englund plays a strip club owner who realizes that there's a lot of money to be made in zombie strippers - until everything goes wrong.Oddly enough, I still don't know what to say about it except to see this movie. It's a real hoot..lol."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie is a must see and one of the best. The film had a lot of twists toward the end but kept me interested. The film uses an unfolding mystery and atmosphere to create fear. The feel of this movie is dark and foreboding throughout the film. Simple things made this movie: the desolate seaside location...the cliffs...a burlap mask... The house itself is creepy with dark corners. Dripping water, creaking floorboards added to the ominous feel of the movie. Only one scene involved gore - and the entire theater gasped when it happened. Rueda is wonderful as the tormented mother Laura. She carries this film to the end with palpable desperation. She appeared thin, and was not made up with hair and makeup which created more belief in her character. Hollywood actresses could take notes on her believability and strong performance.TOP NOTCH scrip/chills & acting  MUST SEE!!! This movie has the feel the \"The Others\" and has an \"M. Night\" twist towards the end."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love a well-told ghost story. THE ORPHANAGE is fantastic! It is a flesh-bubbler w/ loads of mystery and dread. If you enjoyed THE CHANGELING (w/ George C. Scott), THE HAUNTING (the original version), or any intelligent spooker, then consider this movie a gift from the ghoul-gods! I was very satisfied w/ the story, the heavy atmosphere, and the puzzle to be solved. The ending is both terrifying and heart-breaking at once. THE ORPHANAGE deals w/ the agony of tragic loss as well as the supernatural. It is a human story that slowly shifts into nightmare. It is also about the unbreakable bond between a mother and son. Highly recommended. Spanish w/ english subtitles..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Amid the current crop of slasherly, hyperviolent horror films, \"The Orphanage,\" from Spanish director Juan Antonio Bayona, stands out as an artful, restrained gem of the genre. The movie is driven by plot, personality, fine acting and gorgeous cinematography.  Although many elements are familiar (with wisps of \"The Shining,\" \"The Devil's Backbone,\" and numerous other classics...) the film still feels fresh.  Lead actor Belen Rueda's turn as a mother fighting to get her child back from the grip of supernatural forces is a powerful performance; indeed, everything about this film is well-crafted and intelligently assembled. Worth checking out!  (Joe Sixpack, Slipcue film reviews)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It is a horror movie of sorts, but also a tragedy, and tale of some spiritual dimensions.  Not your standard 'horror' fare or slasher film and audiences who don't come expecting that may find the story, upon reflection, to be quite seamless, clever and ultimately rather satisfying.  I give it 4.5 stars.  It isn't quite the odyssey that Pan's Labyrinth was (different director, same producer), but for what it sets out to do, it accomplishes much.  The cinematography is top notch, as is the acting.  Crystal clear transfer on the DVD.  A story with a bit of a twist.  A story that may leave you feeling oddly hopeful rather than frightened."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you haven't seen the George C. Scott film, The Changeling, do so as soon as possible. Watch it with the lights off and no distractions, it will freak you out. The Orphanage is similar in pace and scares to that film. It's often what you don't see that scares you the most. Belen Rueda who plays the mother delivers a very strong performance and really holds the movie together. Worth seeing in theaters, even though some people failed to realize it was going to have subtitles and walked out. Don't people find out a little about a film before shelling out $10.00 to see it? I guess not."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Surprisingly restrained considering the trailer had so many threatening and spooky images. I will say that 'The Orphanage' does get an A for atmosphere, but reading subtitles during this film distracted me from the experience. I usually pass on films with subtitles, but this film seemed too good to pass up and there are always exceptions to the rule. It's a pretty easy film to follow, even though this was played up to be a very spooky film, I found it to be more sad than scary. The DVD transfer looks very good and this is worth seeing, but maybe rent before buying it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I encourage everyone to see this movie, The Orphanage, this is incredible!!!!!! It gets you glued to the tv!!!!! Its just the best thriller movie and the director is fantastic!!!!!! DEFINITELY WORTH BUYING!!!!!! INCREDIBLE EXCELLENT FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I missed the first season, so I decided to buy the DVD set. And like most new shows, they seemed to be trying different things to see what worked. Some things did, and some were only so-so. But overall it was a good first season (subsequent seasons had more good episodes).Of course the two best eps were the last two. The next-to-last culminated with the events of the entire season - lots of drama and action.  The last episode involved resolving (most of) the personal drama with Mary, her mom and her sister.Certainly worth the very reasonable price to buy the set."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In the early 90's CBS tried this series out and it didn't work. The writing just wasn't there. The costume looked good and looks better than the &#34;new&#34; Flash's costume which isn't even red like the comics! Here on &#34;Amazon Instant&#34; you can buy individual episodes for your devices. I recommend the 2 with Mark Hammill of &#34;Star Wars&#34; as &#34;The Trickster.&#34; There's also a couple of others here that include 2 other famous comic villains &#34;Captain Cold&#34; and &#34; Mirror Man.&#34; Hamill's turn here changed his life, he was that manic and good, because he was hired soon after to voice &#34;The Joker&#34; in the 90's &#34;Batman&#34; series from Buce Timm."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is just generally excellent even the episodes that were clearly rushed or done with the intent of a single viewing are very well acted (voice talent), as well as well illustrated, despite the moments where batman seems to have superman-like abilities to defy gravity; but hey its a kids show at this point in the series, its not until the 3rd season of this show when they started to air it with Superman that superman could be the silly hero, so batman was able to become much more serious. And aloud for the tone of the whole DC animated world to get darker until where we are now where some truly amazing animated movies are coming from the same guys. And as always they are perfect for kids ages: being able to speak and up. Just like this show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Batman Animated done right. After more than 20 years without a Batman (stand alone series) this came out after the Michael Keaton 'Batman&#34; movie with great animation, stories, and voice acting. This was huge in the early 90's on Fox or the WB. The great thing about it was that it brought out story of the  other villians from the comic book that we hadn't seen in the 60's TV series or 60's animated series like &#34;Clayface,&#34; &#34;Killer Croc,&#34; &#34;The Scarecrow,&#34; &#34;Two Face,&#34; etc. Mark Hamill did the voice of &#34;The Joker&#34; after his performance on &#34;The Flash&#34; TV series as the villain &#34;The Trickster.&#34; It's still better than all these other Batman series that have followed and get worse by the year!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Culmination and unfortunately the last season.  Great ending.  Threw in some curve balls.  Significantly more action compared to the last 4 seasons.  Mikey dies, Ronan dies, but comes back.  McKay hooks up.  Teyla's baby grows.  Todd is in alot more episodes.  This does complete the series.  Still doesn't answer alot of questions, but the stories were never dull or boring.  There were so many different avenues, just like SG-1 could have taken, but in the end. . .one of the better closing finales."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've seen this show from 'end to end' several times over.  While it is a very good Sci-Fi show, I thought it a shame that the two best shows of the entire series were the final two shows.  That being said, however, I would recommend it if you've never seen it.  The on screen chemistry between Colonel Shepard, Rodney McKay, Carson Beckett & later Ronan Dex were what (in my opinion) made it the better of the two &#34;Stargate&#34; series.While it will never measure up to &#34;Battlestar Galactica,&#34; (the best sci-fi show, ever) the two of them were a great mix as they both started and ended at the same time.  SGA had roughly 25 more shows than BSG (which had a propensity for agonizingly long hiatuses between seasons), I recommend it for any Sci-Fi (I refuse to say 'Sy Fy') fan."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Love the Stargate series!  Started out watching SG-1 then onto Atlantis.  The acting is great and the visual effects are spectacular.  I bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift because I got him hooked on the franchise.Can't wait to see Amanda Tapping join the cast and see how the chemistry is between them.  The special features are mostly non-exsistent in the first 3 so I'm wondering if it's better in the last two.  I really like special features and get into seeing the behind the scenes, deleted scenes, outtakes and the cast talking about themselves and the show.  Watching season 3 now!  Can't wait for Christmas to watch the others.  The packaging is very nice with a picture of the entire cast."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While the finale of the series could be call ambiguous it also left a decent ending that will still leave many fans of the series happy enough so there should be little disgruntlement felt by them.  This season saw the removal of Sam Carter as leader of Atlantis and the Representative of the IOA placed in charge though he isn't the puppet many expect him to be. Also we see a much stronger showing of some of the background characters which is appreciated especially since this is the final season I guess the writers and producers felt that those characters deserved that.  While we say goodbye to this sci-fi series which started weak but ended strong a sad farewell you can add this series to your other t.v. show dvd collection to watch again at your leisure and for the price very much worth it...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "it's always a sad time when you reach the final season of characters you invested so much time in. Especially enjoyed the last two episodes the second to the last one reminded me of the Robert Rodriguez film in terms of the music that was used. there are numerous episodes that are more memorable than others. And of course some of these showcase the acting ability of each separate team member on the show.honestly think the corporate executive should turn loose of some mega bucks and start making movies based on the series the go deep into the various alien cultures that were shown the first 5 seasons"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Monk's 7th is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Monk is forced to find a new therapist because Dr. Kroger has died. Throughout this season Monk matches wits with a chess player, helps a boxer, gets stuck on a submarine underwater, meets his other brother, fights City Hall, and much more. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON SEVEN!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "That would be a better title for this doc.!  The tide of war, in all reality and truth turned against Germany when Hitler began to think he knew more than his Generals. It started in 39 when he failed to Invade England and waited on the worthless Goeing to win the Air War.  His hesitancy lost it again in Russia when he turned his Panzer Generals away from their original objectives.  Hitler was a megalomaniac whose fears were fueled by his use of drugs and his diseased brain to map out strategies that were doomed to fail.  Good thing for the Allies it did fail or we would all be speaking German though I wouldn't have because of my Father whose career in military intelligence would have doomed all of us in our family to extinction!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The actors are sublime; the characters extremely diverse and interesting in this series. Season Two moved all characters forward in their personal growth and development, although I would have liked to seen more detail about the Bailey Chase character.The plot effectively weaves a vivid web of real life events into profound change for Grace. The final scene between two tortured souls; one straining against unfathomable psychological and physical pain and leather execution bonds in full-fledged  terror, the other, paralyzed into submission by the greatest love and the fear of something soft and all accepting.The eyes of Grace embrace and beckon Leon, soul to soul into the last seconds of his life. Quietly, with large Angelic eyes and a yielding voice,  and the infinite truth she beckons &#34;Look at me.&#34;  She repeats. &#34;Look at me&#34;.Grace is saved when the choice is made to comfort Leon as he passes before her eyes. His passing reveals her deepest self."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched all seasons, and then have come back to watch it again. The ensemble is great, and Holly Hunter is stellar! Love the writing, the acting, the cast, the stories, and the interweaving of Earl, the angel, and Grace the tough cop with a huge heart. I really like Oklahoma City as the setting; it's my part of the country, and the Texas/OU rivalry is handled beautifully. It is more than just another police drama. Some theological and philosophical, social and cultural dilemmas are included. Great show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Overall has most of my favorite episodes. It's hard to explain, but there is something about the cast of characters and how they interact that is very believeable despite the unreal events they cope with. The acting is sincere, and we know the foibles and quirks of the characters which makes the epidsodes more fun. I think I like &#34;Insane in the P Brane&#34; best of all.  The two scientists on either side of a scientific breakthrough, unknown to them, but one thinks he's hearing his mother from the after life is done very well. I miss my Eureka &#34;friends&#34;."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "One of the funniest shows I've ever seen but, while it's proven it can go the distance, the profanity seems to have been unnecessarily amped up this season and, in my opinion, is detrimental to the show.  The \"mystery poop\" episode takes the show's crudeness to new heights (or lows, rather), but I still found myself laughing.  The absence of the McPoyle family this season was regrettable, but a colonial-era episode where the \"gang\" cracks the Liberty Bell sort of made up for it.  Funny stuff."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season is simply not as good as the previous ones. While the previous seasons were excentric and wild, in a most unusual way, here the attempts to go for gross-outs actually spolis the humour. The cast is great as the bunch of low-lifes who run Paddy's bar in Philadelphia but while there was acrazy funny side to the humour, now it is simply crazed. Danny De Vito was allways a problem because his character is not likeable at all in this series. The titles of the episodes say all: Mac and Charlie Die, Who Pooped the bed, Sweet Dee has a heart attack.... It does simply not hold up to the standards of the first seasons, which were irreverent funny. The worst bar in Philadelphia episode is the best and goes quite over the top with the gang kidnapping a restaurant reviewer for sacking their pub. The live performance featurette is good. there are still som funny moments but you will be better off starting with seasons 1 and 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'll be completely honest, this season is absolutely awesome, I don't care what anyone else says. Every season of this show has been exciting and it has been almost impossible to stop watching.Season 4 is charged with heavy emotions. The events since season 1 are finally taking their toll, especially with Scofield who is a good person at heart but blames himself for so many of the things that have gone wrong. Burrows gets to be even more of a bad-@$$ and is obviously done playing games. Things never get dull or boring in this season.The unfortunate thing about this season is that it's the last one. Fortunately, they releasedPrison Break: The Final Breakto bring things to a close. This is definitely one of my all time favorite shows."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Scolfield (Wentworth Miller) and Burrows (Dominic Purcell) and the others find themselves working with an FBI agent (Michael Rapaport). He claims he'll clear their names if they steal something from the Company that's very important to them. While Sarah is really alive and joins Michael's team.That's only the beginning of the season. There's many twists and turns as the season goes on. This last season certainly doesn't disappoint and it's probably the best next to season 1. The season was packed with action and drama. The series finale was one of the more satisfying ones to any show. The only thing that bugged me a little was the very end but I can't really say it didn't work. It's just not how I preferred to see it end."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As my friends told me, the show would get better as it went along, and so far I have to agree.  The show is very well done, and there are several episodes that I thought were particularly entertaining (some good laughs).  The corpses sometimes are still very graphic, gross and disgusting, and sometimes things get a little too technical, but it is still an excellent show.This DVD set has several extras and it does have subtitles for the hearing impaired.  I hope the quality of the show continued in the other seasons, which I am looking forward to watching.  (I do not have cable or satellite, and only buy DVD's.)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "By third season I think that I was just along for the ride, Heroes always &#34;looked&#34; good but always fell short of its potential, at least this one rises above what Season Two was turning itself into. If you like scifi / fantasy you can find some good bits here, but the &#34;bargain bin&#34; might still be the way to go. My set advertises &#34;over 20 hours of bonus features&#34;- that would be the best reason to watch this season ( and even that doesn't explain dropping so many second season characters like Claire's flying boyfriend)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I see a bad moon rising! This song describes Season 3 for me.You would think by now the heroes have accepted their abilities but they are still battling the demons within themselves.If you have a gift, an ability,a power,wouldn't you want to use it for good instead of getting rid of it?This is the 21st century,having powers shouldn't shock the world.I for one will gladly accept it.Why not?Also,why did they have to give Suresh and Ando powers when they are perfectly fine being normal.Everybody doesn't have to be superheroes.Noah Bennett isn't and he is as capable as they are.He doesn't need super strength to catch bad guys.Overall though,Heroes will always be a favorite show of mine.All the characters are likeable.With that said, on to Season 4 I go!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I saw this show on amazon prime instant video list, checked it out and immediately got involved in the entire 4 seasons!!  Did some binge watching, to be honest...I really enjoyed this series, it was amusing in spots--esp. Hiro and Ando and their escapades!  Season 4 had potential but apparently the writers knew the ax was eminent and while there were good episodes, just wasn't up to par with the first 3 seasons--but I know you will want to watch it once you see the other shows!  It's good entertainment, for sure!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's somewhat more violent and bloody than I would have expected, but this season isn't so bad.  It's interesting to see the characters discover more about themselves, their duality, their conflicted feelings about doing good or bad things and what the outcome will be, whether it's okay to do something wrong in the short term so that others might benefit later, and so on.  Sylar gets a lot of screen time, exploring his darkest interiors, while the other characters get some generous story time as well.  Hiro and Ando are still my favorites and tend to bring some light and humor into the darkness and seriousness of the rest of the show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"The Office\" is one of the most brilliant comedy series on TV. Steve Carell is inimitable as Michael Scott; Rainn Wilson is hilarious as the self-centered Dwight. The entire ensemble cast is strong. The whole cast WORKS TOGETHER... in more ways than one.In the fifth season, the new boss Charles (Idris Elba, before he hit it big inObsessed).... so Michael Scott goes off on his own to form the Michael Scott Paper Company. There are hilarious shenanigans involving a bus from a Korean church, square-shaped pancakes, going to a senior investment club. There's the growing romance between Jim (John Krasinski) and Pam (Jenna Fischer) Dwight is constantly plotting... to the point of suggesting bees. At the company picnic, Michael hooks up with his ex Holly and they do a cheesy skit about the history of their company based onSlumdog Millionaire.\"The Office\" is worth the work!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am new to The Office and have been watching seasons 1-5 in succession.  It has been fun to watch the development of the program and the characters.  If you have worked in a corporate environment, you will especially empathize with this show.  My friend who works in government finds more synergy withParks & Recreation: Season One-- I love this show too!The Office is extremely politically incorrect at times so you need to keep that in mind.  If you can laugh at that and yourself, you should enjoy the show.  Season 5 was no exception.  Very, very funny and a great job at developing the characters just a little more.5 Stars.  I love it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series storyline is a somewhat offbeat treatment of revenge and personal growth. Several characters that evolved during season one continue as Charlie Crews closes on his quest to fine the people who framed him so well he spent eleven years in prison. Charlie is a very good homicide detective who solves cases with his partner, Dani Reese, while pursuing his quest. Dani has hidden problems that in a strange way make her a good partner for Crews. Crews' Zen outlook and a few million from the wrongful imprisonment settlement with LAPD add a nice spice of fantastic cars and oriental philosophy. The supporting characters as well as the overall writing are strong and provide very enjoyable hour long episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched all of the episodes of this series, mainly because of Damian Lewis.  I saw him in Band of Brothers playing an American Officer in the 82nd Airborne Screaming Eagles. (seems we don't have any American actors to play these parts-guess we have a talent shortage here in the colonies).  He is a good actor and the writing of the series was great, with a great gimmick for the main character.  I think they cancelled this series too early.  It could have been better given time to work out the kinks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "For the most part, the show is enjoyable.  However, everything to do with Katey Sagal's character screams drama (more than is needed).  I guess that is how they want to play it.  She does a great job, but it is a bit much, if that isn't what you are looking for.  I was never much for over done drama (same thing that made or broke Battlestar Galactica, for the most part), thats why they have daytime soaps.  Again, good show and its worth watching, you just might have to struggle through some of it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show was not what I expected at all. I really thought it was about old white men riding bikes living away from society trying to preserve their golden years. Boy was I wrong. This show is like new jack city meets scarface meets the god father who then meets training day. Lol. I watched all 5 seasons in one week!!! I was totally hooked.  You actually see each character develop and you can actually relate to their plight in some strange way. You kind of start rooting for the characters although socially and morally there actions need to be condemned. Definitely more graphic and explicit than any show I have ever scene. At one point I thought this must be the unedited version.  But nope  FX is the new HBO for cable. Lol. Just started watching the new season 6 and it is very graphic as well."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season introduces one of the best characters NCIS Director Vance.The director is now a political operative with real field experience attuned to the realities of Washington.Gibbs begins the season with a new team.  Vance disbanded the team we know and love as punishment for Jenny Shepard's death.Pulling the old team back together and the real reason they were disbanded is the crux of the first few episodes.An on-going storyline is the conflict between Gibbs and Vance as they learn to live and work together.Many of the stories are intensely personal.We meet Gibb's father, Ziva's lover and see McGee work under extreme pressure in a woman's prison.We are back to 24 episodes in one of the best seasons of a top-notch show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit - The Tenth Year coud've been a lot stronger if that chick from One Tree Hill was never cast as the new District Attorney, the writers came to their senses and got rid of her halfway through the season. Stephanie March returned as Alexandra Cabot, glad to see her back - she is such a natural! Mariska Hargitay and Christopher Meloni continue to impress me, two of the best actors on t.v. Some of the episodes were over-the-top especially that illegal tiger meat episode, what was that?! This show has become kind of campy the last couple of seasons, that can start to annoy loyal fans who have been with the show since the beginning. Good season but ditch the lame jokes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the premature end of a really great series. It was probably the best on TV since The West Wing. Like the WW it had a great cast, strong writers and great directing. The only real problem with Boston Legal globally was besides the 3 main characters, the continuous change in the secondary characters between all seasons. This led to the loss of mainly some great female characters that were indispensable. This was in line with Ally McBeal where characters disappeared between seasons without much explanation. This has been the main problem with the series since it has not permitted continuity. Otherwise the series has been perfect. The acting from Shatner, spade and Bergen is simply wonderful. The series does end in a slightly weird manner but weird episodes was a recurrent phenomenon in thie series as well as in Ally McBeal. All I can say is may they all live happey together but we will miss them."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As I have stated, this series, in my opinion is just the best. The acting, scripts, and so on are wonderfully done. Morse is a fascinating person. He has the top education and is rather a snob on the surface. Deep down, he is a man with a good heart. He never marries, but loves women. He loves classical music and teaches the officer beneath him, to eventually do the same. I really like this series and do not tire of watching it. If you are a fan, turn to Endeavor to see how Morse begins his career choice in law enforcement. Amazon has it all. I find myself watching few regular television shows any longer. I spent all day, Sunday watching so many programs. Love Amazon Prime!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season of five episodes starts off with a complex plot: a detective who is retired is writing a book about his old cases, all of them successfully resolved, but one.  He is killed, and the chapter goes missing.  As Morse and Lewis dig deeper and deeper, several possible suspects emerge as to who might like to keep the information quiet, and who has the most to lose if the secrets are uncovered regarding the circumstances surrounding the crime and why it was never resolved.These shows may seem slow-moving compared to current mysteries, but the magic is in the script and acting.  Morse always has wise observations and his face is a joy to watch as John Thaw underplays the subtle emotions."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just can't get enough of this series. He is so intelligent as is Sergeant Lewis his assisting officer. They have so much humanity and the underlying kindness and dignity they bring to the job is wonderful to watch. I also love the frequent classical music and the scenery is also wonderful. Taking place in Oxford makes it interesting to watch. The snobbery of some of the locals adds to the tension at times, but that car he drives....now I would love to sink into those leather seats just once for a spin through the coutnryside! Yes, Morse is the best. Morse is single and gives Lewis frequent problems as Lewis is married with two children. He has to really juggle the life to try to get home to the family. Often his personal dedication gets in the way as he too becomes obssesed with solving the crime. He is learning so much from Morse. He has even grown fond of the music which he once hated. Every season is worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Morse series finds its way into the very DNA of multivariate mystery  fans everywhere.To coin anew an oft quoted phrase from Britain, &#34;Never in the annals of Television Viewing have so many owed so much to so few!&#34;As the red Jaguar drifts off into the sunset over Oxford a legend passes into TV eternity.  How I wish this series could have continuedindefinitely but Time and the Man would not allow it. John Thaw's untimely passing made it so.  As much as I liked  Kevin Whatley's Inspector Lewis, Morse is still the ineffable Master and always will be. When comes such another?fch"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best show of this type I have ever enjoyed.  To bad the geniuses at Fox tv cancelled it.  Though such an off the grid Unit, if it existed could be a very dangerous tool in the wrong hands , I love the show.I would like to think there is a part of the Delta Force or the navy Seals out there somewhere that operates this way.  However since the Tragedy of Benghazi  occurred the way it did , with politicians and political motives taking priority over protecting American lives , I doubt seriously if there is such a Team that serves up some justice,  Unless it benefits  some politician."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't want to give too many spoilers but this was a really interesting little series, two totally distinct personalities in the same body and they discover and then communicate with each other by leaving video messages........One of the personalities is a meek, mild Mr.Nice Guy and the other is a \"rockem sockem\" secret agent who would make James Bond blush.........the fun really starts when the \"secret agent\" personality spends the night with the \"Nice Guy\" personality's wife............it's too bad that they didn't continue the series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved this series!  Debra Messing was exceptional and I loved the entire story.  It was funny, witty, and heart rendering. I am not from L.A. so I can't really saw whether or not folks from there are so shallow, but found that part of it amusing, and entertaining because some of the shallow stuff was just plain silly, great for a giggle. The story itself delves into the subject of  how your life can change on a dime and how difficult it is to retain your dignity while trying to change.  I identified with the concept of reinventing oneself, as I have had to do it many times.  I highly recommend it as a chick flick series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "iCarly is a good show the entire family can watch; this show is enjoyed by all of the kids in my neighborhood up to about 8th grade.  The jokes are pretty funny and what I really like the most as a parent is the show doesn't cross the line like a lot of children-focused shows seem to do with being a tad risqu&eacute;.We have watched all of the episodes of this season for free via our Prime membership vs. the regular price of $24.99 for the whole season: not a bad deal!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I remember when I first started watching this show in 2009 and, even though I&#34;m not a kid, I thought it was so funny! It&#34;s too bad that Nickolodeon ended iCarly in November 2012! So I decided to buy it on DVD! I&#34;m waiting for the last two Seasons to come out on DVD! Let&#34;s see there is, of course, Carly Shay, Spenser Shay, her crazy way out there Artist brother, Freddie, the guy is crazy about Carly, Sam Pucket, played by Jennette McCurdy, There are a host of other characters on the show, too, like, Gibby( Gib-bbah!), who they are all over on their Internet online show &#34;iCarly&#34;. I do recommend this show very highly and I still say Nick made a big mistake ending this show like they did....there should, at least, be a follow-up movie! So, with that, let me have front row seat and my bag of popcorn, I&#34;m watching &#34;iCarly Season 2&#34;."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is a must watch for children because it emulates the care and love that we should have for animals and this world as  a whole. Diego also helps with a few spanish words here and there, though I think the bigger picture of his adventures is how he rescues and protects the animals in the wild. This show will not only teach your children about the ways of certain animals in the wild (and there is always an actual picture of the animal the episode was about at the end of each show), but will also plant a seed of charisma towards all animals."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's finally here. The collection that we have been waiting on for nearly four years has finally arrived, and its almost everything that I could have asked for. To be perfectly honest, I didn't think we would ever see Batman: The Brave and the Bold in the glorious hi-def picture that we so richly deserved. The only downside is that, again, this set sadly lacks the special features that were absent on the dvd collections as well.The picture and sound quality are wonderful, seeing as this show was gorgeous in the first place. This set is the COMPLETE first season, not the half season releases we saw with the DVD collections. There really isn't much to say beyond this. Batman the brave and the bold is a fun, bright, imaginative, absolute blast of a TV show, and now its finally on Blu-ray. It is a great show, and deserves to be in your collection. A treasure and an absolute must buy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just started watching Flashpoint three weeks ago when I was on 10 days bed rest. Shame on me! This is one of the best shows I've seen in a long time. I don't know how it got by me for all those years. Right from the very first minute of the very first season it rocked. I'm almost at the end of the third season and it still rocks! The Characters all click; each actor is so perfectly suited to their role. I honestly can't say one negative things about Flashpoint except that the show is no longer being made! This could have easily been a 10 year run. Anyway - well worth your time if you're into this type of genre.  Yummy stuff!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "You got to love Leverage!This show is a modern day Mission Impossible (Mission Impossible: The Sixth TV Seasonis the current release of the classic show). The team plays these caper straight but there are so many laughes and twists of the tale.Timothy Hutton channels his inner Jim Phelips as Nat Ford, The mastermind of the operation. Gina Bellamn as the grifter Sophie Devereaux who can steal your heart as well as your wallet. Beth Riesgraf is Parker , Who channels her inner Alexander Mundy (It Takes a Thief). Christian Kane plays Elliott Spencer , the hitter , who is brain and well as muscle but cannot work a computer. To roound out the cast is Aldis Hodge as Hardison, the hacker who can find a file in the world wide web.Those who love caper movies this show is like a mini in 50 minutes.Always remember as you watch this show that the best Good guy is a bad guyBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love good caper shows, but the casting is almost a total disaster. Timothy Hutton, the black guy and the blond girl are not terribly engaging, likeable or compelling. The black guy, in particular, is utterly unconvincing as the stereotypical black computer superwhiz, and utterly annoying and bland otherwise, sleepwalking through the series. Timothy Hutton has a grandma vibe. But the tough guy is a good pick.I realize dissenting reviews of TV series are the kiss of death for a reviewer, but I have to be honest."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Although I've always liked Timmothy Hutton's acting abilities, I'd have to say in this series, his character is flat.  In the whole first season, it seems like the actors aren't really that interested in playing their parts to the full extent of their talents.  As a drunk, Tim Hutton seems to drag the show down because he is the leader of the group and impacts all the characters, so perhaps he is playing his role perfectly?!?Maybe next season, the characters will show more life.  Although I can't recommend that you spend your money on \"Leverage,\" I recommend renting it first (or watching some of it on the Amazon Movie program if it is available), and then deciding if you'd like to buy Season 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This Canadian series holds onto its excellence in the release of season two. The name flashpoint refers to some event which brings a person to snapping and taking the law into his own hands.  That person is also about to do something awful, such as kill other people.  This squad has to do one of two things, either calm the person down until he surrenders to them OR kill the person before he can harm others. They are all excellent marksmen plus skilled in calming down people who have hit the flashpoint.  The series is set in Toronto."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We have become big fans of several BBC mysteries: Inspector Lewis at the top of the list. To this we have added the Canadian production, Flashpoint. The two shows are widely different but both thoroughly enjoyable. While Inspector Lewis is about solving impossibly complicated mysteries, Flashoint is about a Toronto police tactical unit, similar to swat teams here in the US. Every episode is extremely intense: filled with quick action and the high stress/emotion that goes along with it. You can't help but get caught up in it as you watch. That said, the show is not dark like many of the BBC mysteries, just really intense. The members of the cast each get to &#34;shine&#34; in different episodes so you get to know them well. One other really good thing: unlike the BBC mysteries where each season may be made up of only a few episodes, this series has as many as ten in a single season. All the more to enjoy!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As stated in my previous review of Season 1, Flashpoint is a Canadian-produced series about a SWAT-like paramilitary, police unit in Toronto.  Like the first season, it features terrific scripts and acting, likeable characters, great weaponry and action scenes.  I enjoy this show greatly.  (It started its 3rd season, 2 weeks ago, Friday nights on CBS)  There are a couple extras on the set concerning the weaponry of Flashpoint and one of its stars: Hugh Dillon.If you want to check out an exciting and highly enjoyable and suspensful action series, you should check out Flashpoint.  If you have not seen season one or two, you should definately pick us these sets."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "... my friend, this is. An almighty business man, accustomed to being sought after for his money or used by competitors, falls in love with a female artist hired to make a fresco for the foyer of his building. Being cautious he sets his spies on her, planting microphones and cameras in her rooms and workrooms, only to be embarrassed when he finds himself in an amorous situation with her, and does not want to be recorded. All the roles are well-played especially by Bonmaire. I think I loved it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Having been in nearly the same situation more than once, I identified with the Phoenix character, though not with his bipolar problem. He falls for two women at once, but for different reasons. One seems like his backup plan in case the one he really wants, Paltrow, falls through, which she does at every opportunity because she is almost as unstable as him. In the end, the Plan B comes into play. Along the way, Phoenix delivers some realistic emotions, as do the two female leads. This is a very contemporary film, fraught with real adult desires and frustrations when we search for love and don't always find it perfectly."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Phoenix plays a character very similar to the lethargic James Dean or early Brando.  It took me over half the movie to get used to him and appreciate the character.  I can't say I enjoyed it, but again, I appreciated his acting.  Paltrow, well, pretty and pouty - anyone could have played her part. Interesting ending that would be worth the argument at a party with a bunch of opinionated men and women. Hey, that might be a reason to watch it!  There ya go!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The things I have enjoyed about House are still present in the fifth season of the show. The character drama is handled extremely well, the acting is top notch, and all around this season has some incredibly solid episode. While not every episode is a hit and some of the storylines don't feel quite right, this is a very stable season that is easily 4 stars. This is by far one of the most unique medical dramas ever and it's a testament to the show's quality that it can stay interesting even after 100 episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It is a testimony to my self-induced boredom that I purchased still another season of this repetitive series.  I could just watch Season 1 over and over again and save the money.  There is so much predictability, particularly in the repetitive gruesome and erroneous torture of wrongly-diagnosed patients until AHA! the dream team comes up with the real answer.  Were I one of those patients, I would have requested euthanasia far before they got to the AHA!  The fact that the entertainment value comes from a rude, crude, mean-spirited man ... well, that just is a sad commentary."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is interesting because it is based something we all do, interpret the mood of friends and coworkers.  We do it before we say to a friend, &#34;Boy, you got out of the wrong side of the bed this morning!&#34;  Clinical psychologists do it as they are aware of the changes fear and elation cause in the body.  High level KGB agents, such as Putin, are trained to be especially skilled in the technique of emotional prying.  Many a fortune teller is a skilled emotional reader who amazes a client with what the client is telling in body and facial language.  The lead actor in this series is miscast but the concept and story line is well done."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Lie To Me is unique in that the science in the episodes is proven and real. The stories may be fictitious, but each episode is riveting and will have you stunned and on the edge of your seat. Everyone, male and female I have introduced to Lie To Me was an addict by the end of the first episode. I hate that it was cut after 3 seasons. Excellent actors, and has everything you could want from entertainment.... drama, comedy, suspense, you name it! I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone looking for something new to enjoy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't watch the original TV program on Fox so I enjoyed watching the episodes on my Kindle. This is a well written and well acted drama. Facial and voice cues are used to determine if someone is lying. Cases involve a variety of situations so it is not repetitive. The mix of work and family in the show is enjoyable to watch. I would recommend Lie to Me to anyone who likes crime dramas. I realize that Fox cancelled Lie to Me due to low ratings. I don't remember seeing ads for the show so I wonder if they promoted it well enough."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An impressive idea about a professional team that can spot the smallest of lies based on body language, expressions and \"microexpressions\".  The main character is compelling, the supporting cast is hit or miss.  Most of the episodes are interesting and I appreciate how they show real clips of politicians and celebrities lying to us with their body language/facial expressions.  Some of it is definitely pop psychology style but other parts are true and the main character is based on a real person.  Most of the characters can't have satisfying love relationships because they catch their partners lying.  Interesting theme about lies and love.  How much do you expose and what do you let get by for the sake of the affair?  DIALOGUE/CHARACTERS: B to B plus; STORY/PLOTTING: B to B plus; FRESHNESS FOR A TV TOPIC: A minus; OVERALL GRADE: B to B plus; WHEN WATCHED: October to December 2010 (streamed)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is built around the idea of being able to detect when a person is lying by the presence or absence of facial and body cues.  The Lightman Group, comprised of Dr. Lightman and a talented group of associates are  engaged by various individuals and groups to determine if a lie is being told, and who is lying.  This job is not as cut and dry and it sounds.  The group uncovers much during their investigation.  Meanwhile, we are given glimpses into the lives of each of the main characters, each of whom is lying about or hiding something.  Really good show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I marvel at the clever scripts. I marvel at the assemblage visuals to support the inventive scripts. I marvel at the actors that pull this off. The film editor must be a genius to intertwine all the pieces in to a cohesive story line. BRAVO! Making all the pieces fit into the premise of this inspired &#34;who done the bad deed&#34; is astonishing to me. Body language and facial clues expose everyone to scrutiny. This is the most &#34;unique&#34; show I've seen in years. pat on the back to all .. and five stars from me.. to you..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this show! I had seen only 2 of them years ago and was fascinated by the premise, production and cast. To have all 3 seasons is a feast that is my day end treat. The main character, Cal Lightman, of The Lightman Group, is a psychologist who has developed a practice around 'reading' micro features and reactions of people during different stressor moments. He is the quirky feature. His team appease the general public and buffer with authorities. His Irish accent is just enough. I watch him and wonder how much is his perfect ACTING style and how much is what he naturally brings. Unusual, creative & enjoyable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm going to leave the original review as a reminder to me. Understand the purpose before judging. The intent of this series is to present a way to understand what it means to be in a combat zone. Most of the episodes are well done and include original footage as well as recreations. The information is as detailed as necessary and the narration and interviews offer an easily understandable overview. Recommended for those who want an interesting and informative glimpse into a 'Combat Zone.'[Combat Zone? Not a TV person, so I was not familiar with the series. OoPs!]Viewed this series by chronology instead of episode number. Interesting interviews and original footage. The recreations are well done and the narration is informative. Photographs add that personal dimension. For those who are well grounded in military history, this series may be disappointing. If you like a combat type  series instead of documentaries, this is a good one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "FUTURE WARS is another reprehensible \"film\" atrocity that's seemingly custom-made for Mike and his bot friends to lampoon mercilessly. The unintelligible plot has something to do w/ wobbly, rubber dinosaurs, silly cyborgs, and a guy who runs around fighting them w/ karate. Robert Z'Dar (MANIAC COP 1-3) makes a painfully humiliating appearance as a bloated, lumbering cyborg! His scenes are almost too much to bear! The rest of this abysmal elephant turd is only watchable through MST3K-vision. Any attempts to view it otherwise could result in a slow, agonizing death..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "LASERBLAST is a nearly plot-free sci-fi film about a man who finds an alien laser weapon, becomes possessed by it, and goes berserk. It's the perfect fodder for immolation by Mike and his silly sidekicks. LASERBLAST -like MANOS: THE HANDS OF FATE, BRIDE OF THE MONSTER, THE BEAST OF YUCCA FLATS, etc.-  is a schlock classic in its own right. As such, the unintentional humor tends to make the MST3K guys' job a lot easier! The jokes sort of write themselves!..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Some movies are so perfectly suited for the MST3K treatment, that it's as though god created them specifically for that purpose. HOBGOBLINS, EEEGAH!, POD PEOPLE. These are some of the wondrous gems of yore. Well, add WEREWOLF to this hyper-schlock short-list! The plot: A lycanthrope skeleton is excavated in Flagstaff, Arizona. Hair sprouts. Mayhem commences. All the qualifications are there- petrified characters, driftwood-quality \"acting\", ding-a-ling dialogue, and virtually no storyline! Mike and the bots play this \"film\" like a finely-tuned instrument made of pure Cheddar! Yep, this is another unwatchable mess, saved by the team. Behold! The brilliance of ten trillion suns! Amen..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Hi folks, you may be wondering if I'm Martin Sheen.. well I'm not. Turns out i'm his vastly more talented yet less appreciated brother, thank you.\" The Satellite of Love is malfunctioning while Mike & the bots unwittingly celebrate the 10th anniversary of MST3K. Joel & TV's Frank show up to help as they watch another Joe Estevez film... The Tonya Harding-ish Vivian Schilling writes & stars this 80's train-wreck about wearing your sunglasses (and acid washed jeans) at night while running from Soultakers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This \"indie\"? movie is about an English female radiologist, convincingly played by Lena Headey (Cersei Lannister of The Game of Thrones), who, along with her extended family, experiences bizarre occurences and violent encounters. I shall refrain from spoilers.It is filmed in mostly dark, partially lit scenes and some stark, icy cold, bright settings with ominous droning music; all intended to build up a sense of foreboding in a slow....did I say slowww?...slow, sequence of events building up to a ...hopefully...climactic finish, that ties it all up. But alas, the \"denouement\" falls flat and is open-ended, leaving the viewer wondering.Lena Headey and Richard Jenkins carry this movie and make it worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I gave this one a try because I'd seen Buffy the Vampire Slayer ( and generally liked it) and Angel (often liked it, especially in the early episodes) and liked Eliza Dushku in each of them. I was never as happy with this series- not liking the concept of people renting out their bodies to be &#34;imprinted&#34; with recorded memories/ personalities of other individuals to be used as desired. Ms. Dushku could perform quite a range of characters whether as a prostitute or agent on a mission-for me she was really the only reason to watch Dollhouse.That unaired pilot, I think they called it on the DVD, &#34;Echo&#34; obviously was rewritten for the second season finale, not much better here than there. In my opinion, if you're short on money look for 1st season in the bargain bin, and skip 2nd entirely."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Echoes\" is the seventh episode of Joss Whedon's \"Dollhouse\" and it has, to me, a different feel than the previous episodes. I strongly recommend you watch these in order since the back-story and plot lines build from episode to episode.No plot spoilers from me: The main story involves a dangerous situation on college campus that requires the use of most of the \"Actives\", except for \"Echo\". Still, \"Echo\" manages to be central to the plot and we learn a lot more about her back story. This was an odd episode that shows us a different side of the \"Dollhouse\" residents.Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Dollhouse offers an interesting concept, \"Store your own personality, memories and anything that makes you 'you' and have someone else's personality, memories, etc., downloaded into your brain\".  From there you'll be sent on various missions depending on the request of the patron.Initially this was a fairly enjoyable series.  Season One had all the things going for it which would allow for a successful Season Two.  Alas, that wasn't so in my case.  Season Two came to a crashing halt of way over the top ideas which lead to my loss of enjoyment.While I was a huge fan ofFirefly: The Complete SeriesandSerenity [HD], I'm by no means on the Joss Wheaton bandwagon.  I've seenBuffy the Vampire Slayeronly a few times and have no desire to watch the series anytime soon.  By saying that, I want other reviewers/readers of reviews to note the objectivity in my own review."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Joss Whedon is great. I would (and have) watched everything he's ever made. I love his style and his sensibilities. But this series just didn't work for me. I stuck it out and watched every episode, even the unreleased episode that only exists on the blu ray set (which by the way is the best episode of the series). I can appreciate the slow burn of the show, but it just never clicked for me. The action was good, but the acting was sub-par and more than anything, it took way, way too long for this show to get going. Not really worth owning."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you're like me you didn't even consider watching dollhouse because of the name, ick. After rolling my eyes at the show I now find out it's by Joss Whedon and Eliza Dushku is the main star...well how can you go wrong? If you like the other Joss Whedon shows you'll like this one, lots of action, imaginative scripts, and good acting. It's also nice to see the familiar faces from other shows, especially because some of them are playing such different parts...I guess I shouldn't admit it, because it shows how tacky I am, but suddenly I realize they can act, as opposed to those actors that can only do well in one type of role.Some of Joss Whedon's shows took a season to really get going but the script and cast is tight from the pilot with dollhouse, oh and now that I understand the name I like it. Definitely give this show a shot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "NO SPOILERS : this season was amazing. i accidently stumbled onto this season....i hadn't watched survivor since the third season...so i knew nothing about any of the cast. so once i caught the first episode i immediately was hooked...the entire season, J.T., Steven, The Dragon Slayer, Taj....all excellent. the games are exciting, the rewards were awesome, and seriously some of the best backstabbing ever. this season, however, also had alot of heart...i truly did love the final four....good and bad...they all deserved to be there...i watched the entire series in two days...GORGEOUS scenery, excellent editing, music on point, Probst is excellent.cannot recommend this season enough....im not ruining any surprises here....im not...but three words...FAKE IMMUNITY IDOL = BRILLIANT."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well--not the best Survivor but there are plenty of entertaining elements and characters you love to hate.  The streaming was very poor quality for the first few minutes of every episode, and then phased in and out of adequate quality to so blurry I wasn't certain who the characters were.  Several times it froze and never managed to reload (I turned it off and then back on, then pushed \"resume\"--usually to good effect).  Streaming quality issues are not restricted to this item.  I have 15 mps DSL and have done online speed tests to confirm it.  I should be getting better quality than I have from Amazon Instant Videos.  I have a 1 GB video card and 8 GB DDR3 RAM as well as an i3 processor."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm not a huge John John Malkovich fan, but this seems like one of those rare occasions when actor and role seem perfectly matched to produce an entertaining movie. Malkovich plays Buck Howard, a failing magician loosely based on the Amazing Kreskin. Malkovich's character is both corny and charming. He undergoes a transformation from being frustrated with his fate of performing for small-town America, to finding the his big break didn't necessarily bring him what he most needed. Meanwhile, Colin Hanks (Tom Hank's son) plays a young man searching for himself after dropping out of law school. Ultimately, this movie isn't a slapstick comedy and you probably won't find yourself laughing out loud. Nonetheless, it has some funny moments and is a breath of fresh air compared to the stale comedies Hollywood has been producing (with their utterly predictable plots).I found myself unable to predict where exactly the story was going or what would happen next to Buck Howard - and I loved that. Hopefully you will too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is not for everyone. If you don't want to see moms going over the top and children acting like brats then don't watch it.But it's not all like that. In most episodes, the parents are kind and teach the kids sportsmanship. Just like with everything else, there's a good and bad side. And there's some things that might shock as well anger some. But this is a show, like any other.What saddens me, are the reviews that the comments that are so catty and mean. It's a show. Treat it as such. If you don't like it, don't watch it, simple as that."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A fabulous show that was cancelled far too early. For those who haven't watched it, the show is a satirical situation comedy that focuses on a fictional multi-national corporation called 'Veridian Dynamics'. The main character, Ted, is the head of research and development and oversees a quirky team of scientists and product testers. I love the humor and the relationships between the characters. Portia de Rossi is perfectly cast as the emotionless member of management. The 'commercials' for Veridian Dynamics are hysterical. I highly recommend this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The 13th season lacked a lot of the good biting satire and social commentary of previous seasons. The pee humor was rather disgusting as I prefer intellectual humor. To that end, the last episode made the whole season a worthwhile purchase ($15.00 Walmart, which had seasons 1-13 to my surprise). In Dances with Smurfs, Cartman, plays a Glenn Beck character doing the morning announcements (the kid who was doing the announcements was killed in a case of mistaken identity.) Cartman hounds Wendy, the school president, and blames her for every wrong at the school."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The kids love this show, eager to watch again and again.  I've watched alongside them, and it's easy to get caught up in this tale of mermaids living on land.  They manage to mingle daily life with a magical world without being inappropriate.  Girls always love mermaids, and let's face it, don't you get tired of the Disney stuff?  This show, is free of all the canned laughter, corny old jokes, product placement, agendas and hidden messages that Disney (and most American TV) puts in all the kids shows nowadays.  It's nice to see a show the kids can just enjoy, learning gentle lessons about right and wrong, friendship and so on."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Hounddog starring Dakota Fanning was the film that was panned by critics but I found this coming-of-age drama very poigant. Fanning is the best child actor since Jodie Foster. Robin Wright Penn also stars and she is an amazing actress as well. The much talked about rape scene is not graphic, no nudity is shown especially since Dakota was only 12 at the time. Fanning's character is obsessed with Elvis Presley, through his music - she finds solace and then loses her fragile grip on reality. Slowly but surely she is healed and learns to find her voice again. Heartbreaking story but one worth telling."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Not since MONSTER'S BALL have I seen a movie that made we want to conduct a nuclear strike on the Deep South and then hang myself.Since I've been to the south, I wonder if anyting coming out of Hollywood (or Sundance) can be trusted.  To filmmakers, the south isn't a region or a people or culture, but a genre that can only be pushed and mutated into exercises in human depravity and despair.  I'm sure there are people who live horrible lives...but that's everywhere.  And I really don't think another film about addictions, poor white trash, and rape is necessary.  Just me.The acting is good.  The film looks very professional.  The writing...well...life really sucks east of Aspen and Hollywood."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Pretty family friendly most of the time!  It's a fun show with teen mermaids filmed at Australia's SeaWorld but has enough drama & mystery to stay interesting & refreshing.  Sometimes characters go in and out of episodes too much but perhaps that's necessary with such a large cast. (For example, Rikki's boyfriend Zane might be on episode 3 then you won't see him or that storyline till episode 7.)  I like that there is practically no bad language and violence to a minimum and that it focuses on good things like friendship, responsibility, loyalty etc.  My young kids and my teens like it and I do too, so thumbs up!!  My mom actually watched the show & recommended it to us since she liked it so well.  But remember, it is a teen drama...there will be corny moments...overall, 4 stars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Im sure everyone would like to edit this movie in something a bit better,,,is it Ron 's red riding hood cape or that huge amount of cheeze, or maybethe mutants could have used a bit more errie vocals...but all said thisis a pretty good movie that wanted to do it all but could only do somuch due to many factors...We have trench warfare like world war 1&2...we have powerfull coorporationsbent on winning at all price, and we have the newly arrival of the MACHINE.So, it might not be the best,, but they sure tried and came out with thismovie that is worthy of a view.This is a keeper for me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I first saw this movie on SYFY and my smaller screen tv... it looks much more impressive on the 50inch High Def screen... lots more detail in Blu-Ray that I missed before. Thomas Jane either plays this perfectly or this part was written for him. And you can NEVER go wrong with either Ron Perlman or John Malkovich... and in this film you get them both! I was equally impressed with the supporting cast... and even though there are really only 8 or so different actors playing the mutants, you won't really care, cause there's so much action going on! This film vaunts really high ideals and personal sacrifices in the face of impossible odds, all in order to save the planet... can't get much more apple pie than that! I love this film!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't like Parks and Rec at first. It wasn't until the second season that i felt like it all gelled and took off. However going back and watching the first season I appreciate it as an introduction to Pawnee, Ron Swanson, Leslie Knopfe, etc.  It is great to watch this season and see how they've developed and evolved from it.  Definitely a good purchase if you, like me, love this show.Also they have great extras and extended producers cuts of episodes. Definitely worth the buy"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I tried watching this show a couple of times and couldn't get into it.  I love everyone in the cast, but just didn't find the show funny.  I finally sat down and thought I'd give it another try.  I wound up watching the first season in on day.  It's one part &#34;The Office&#34; with it's mockumentary style along with the varied humor levels of 30 Rock.  Unlike 30 Rock, as I've watched more seasons of the show, Parks and Rec has gotten better while 30 Rock did the opposite."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Like many people, I can have my interest spiked by advertising and such was the case with this show.  The advertising generated sufficient interest to get me to watch the \"pilot\" program, however, having done that, I will not be watching any of the other episodes (despite one review which indicates that the second season \"gets better\").In my opinion, the \"pilot\" should set the scene for what is to come.  It should generate sufficient interest to induce you to watch another episode and another and so on.  As it did not do this for me there is no logic in watching further episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I like Parks and Recreation because of the format, how they signal out individual characters letting them share their comments on the current situation, which is a signature of The Office, whose writers created this show too. I also like how candid Leslie Knope's character is. Like other shows each character is known for a behavior of theirs, like April is snarky, Jerry gets picked on by everyone, and Chris is always optimistic. I began watching season three online, so thanks to Amazon Prime I can start from Season One. Since this is similar to the Office anyone who enjoys that show should try out this one. Another similar show is the Mindy Show in regards to a practice that she serves as a doctor for among other doctors. Both shows are about women in different professional fields and their trials and tribulations in being successful. Currently season six is on NBC and hopefully the series will enjoy more seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Southland & Homicide have alot in common as far as Deep edgy Cop Dramas That take a Much more realistic look behind The men and womanThat put there lives on the Line to Serve & ProtectBoth Shows have An Amazing ensemble cast  (Perfect Casting!!!!!!!!)Both Shows Introduced viewers through the eyes of the Rookie CopWith Homicide  Det. Tim Bayliss  played Perfectly by Kyle Secorand Southland  Officer Ben Sherman played equally Great  by Ben McKenzieEnough of me Geeking out over Great Top Notch Cop ShowsDespite all the Positive reviews from both Critics and TV Viewers The Show was Canceled due to the NBC Late Night Re-ToolingJay Leno in Prime Time (Boy, that was such a Great Idea!?!?!)But, out of Nowhere TNT Bought the Show  Thank GodSouthland never seem to fit on Network tv (It was To Dark and Raw)The original broadcast on  NBC was Butchered..........With TNT alot less bleeps But, Now with the Season One Box Set it's UNCUTHopefully if it sells enough Units it will get a BR TransferBelieve the Hype and all the Critics10/10"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Tough, unvarnished, complicated, and that's just the Cops when they're NOT at work! This is an awesome show and how a Cop show should be done--like The Shield--complicated people doing an unbeliveable job that most of us wouldn't do, getting shot at and crapped on emotionally by the public . The best character by far is Michael Cudlitz (\"Bull\" from Band of Brothers)the street Cop who has seen too much, done too much, has no life apart from his job and is spiraling out of control in his personal life. This guy has nailed every role he's had since 'BoB', he is great in my opinion. Regina King is also wonderful as the tough detective with a 'do nothing' partner played by Tom Everet Scott. The stories are really well done and I immediately bought season II half way thru watching this. If you are a fan of The Wire, Law & Order, you will love this show I guarantee it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series was a great show/series!  I find it hard to believe it got cancelled after only 1 season.  It was not shown or promoted because it is much better than shows that have made it for years.  The humor is fabulous...very similar to the M.A.S. H. television series.  The major networks all want criminal minds and csi type shows...we loose  with this all the same philosophy.  I wish they would make more seasons to THE UNUSUALS!  Maybe Netflix or Amazon will make their own series of this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was pleasantly surprised by this show.  I choose this show strictly because we were looking for a good series and Amazon offered it free for AmazonPrime members.  It is a really good show.  The main characters were well cast.  The only drawback for us was the music, which was way too loud.  So I had to turn the volume down now and then, between scenes.  It was a bit frustrating.  But the show is well worth your time.  It centers around a group of detectives in New York City.  All the quirks and faults of each detective was believeable.  I recommend this show.  Well worth your time to watch this.  I'm sorry there was only one season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This review is for the Mythbusters \"Curving Bullets\" episode. I was disapointed when I missed this episode on cable, so was happy to find it on-demand.The myths covered here are the Curving Bullets as found hereWanted (Single-Disc Widescreen Edition)(with Kari *very pregnant*, Grant, and Tory) and Sonic Boom Braking Glass (with Jamie and Adam).As usual, there is a good amount of humor in each of the segments and you can tell that they enjoyed shooting (pun intended) this firearm heavy episode. It was also great seeing the Blue Angel jets in the Sonic Boom episode.I will not say what the results were for these two, but it was a very enjoyable episode.Highly Recommended!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Though I have not really seen very many full episodes of this program before, the ones that I have seen have bored me out of my mind. The plots are awfully dull, even though I do enjoy the music a lot of times. The performers are fantastic at singing and I enjoy many of the songs that they have covered, but the plots of the episodes are awfully bland to me. Other people might think differently, but that is just my opinion. I like the singing; just not the series itself."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A  nice change from typical TV and its brought back the musical in a sense.  Glee touches on all types of discriminations without focusing too much on the high school model.  In fact, the teachers are some of the best supporting characters, especially Sue Sylvester (who sometimes steals the show) a la Jane Lynch who first stood out for me in ROLE MODELS.  The creators tapped into Broadway stars to pull this one off and it worked.  The nice thing about the songs is that they don't stick to one decade.  In fact, they cover songs that all generations can remember them even if they're all updated.  This is arguably one of the hottest TV shows in several years and the visiting A list actors and actresses supports my stance.  MY GRADE: A minus to A."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is a series of melodramatic storylines and overly-pop-styled songs that numb the brains of people matured beyond childhood and the tweens.  These eye-roll-inducing scenes are punctuated by genuinely funny appearances by Jane Lynch.  Her comedy is a raw, edgy, intelligent addition to a show that is basically the demons of American Idol possessing a school.If you are a fan of American Idol, Disney teeny bopper shows, and show tunes, watch this.  If not, run for the hills!Vapid melodrama run amuck with Jane Lynch injected to help you keep your sanity.AVOID."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am still mad about them canceling Sarah Conner Chronicles. Its one of the few TV series that I really, really wanted to know what was going to happen next. The people who cancelled that series should be a;lsdk kdfjklFII!!! (its too bad for a Amazon review).Ok, so, if you haven't seen that series watch it. The second season is even better than the first.This video is animated and has graphics about the level of todays consoles (PS3/Xbox), but don't let that stop you. Its pretty good and lets cross our fingers that if the Terminator mythology is persistant enough we may see some more great content."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within, was released in 2001.When I watched that video game movie, I could not believe how realistic it was.There is no salvation for T4 or this game. They are both mundane & trite.They took no time to doctor up this movie. The chapters are short. The video is grainy & flawed, just like a video game, only not as engaging.You would have to be a machine to enjoy this movie.:(FF is still on my shelf. Salvation is going bye bye ..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is another season of the great British mystery series of Foyle's War.The series is set in Great Britain during World War II and each successive season sees the progress through the war from the point of view of the Detective as he oversees the small constabulary of his town that covers the town and its surrounds.  He is a quiet and very effective detective who is constantly observant of his surroundings and great at deduction.  He refuses to be bullied or pushed around.  He knows what his job is and what is right and will not deviate from either.He can be thought of as a predecessor of the American police detective, Colombo."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Is it a surprise that allies who should have been friendly to each other had elements on both sides that didn't like each other at all?  This is evident in the early seasons of Foyle's War as Foyle solves the crimes during the American Occupation.  The idea that the Americans and English were all devoted buddies was basic WWII propaganda and the dialogue of this show does not support that concept.  The fact that Roosevelt showed a preference for Stalin over Churchill and that Obama returned a Churchill bust that had been displayed in the White House for about half a century is an indication of the continuing distaste a reactionary element of our population still holds for our English brothers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a terrific series.  I would have loved to see more shows that took place during the war years with the same actors and actresses.  I am sure there were a lot of incredible things that occurred during the war that could have made a longer series.  I was captivated by each story and I have just about wore out the DVDs watching them over and over.  I was born in December, 1942 so I was alive during that time even though I didn't know what was going on in the world.  These stories have shown to me what war time was like and has made me a part of that history.  Thanks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show probably ranks as one of the top three that USA network shows the other two of course being Burn Notice and Psych,  and while there are other doctor shows out there this one with it's cast of talented actors and actress as well as special guests make it very enjoyable and worth checking out.  While the first season only gives you twelve episodes the second season will give you more to wet your appetite with having eighteen episodes,  and yes while there are a couple that aren't that great on whole the show will probably still entertain you and your family and friends."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Unfortunately Futurma is following the pattern of Family Guy.  The season sets have fewer episodes and are more expensive.  I do think it was just as strong as prior seasons. My favorite was the I Phone episode.  I wish that Futurama would do more TV science fiction parody type shows.  I have to wonder if they rotate writers between the Simpsons and Family guy because the humor is very uneven in some episodes.  If the writing keeps improving I would like to see Futurama run twenty seasons like the Simpsons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was really enjoying this show, no Tom Colicchio, no Padma (gag), with a new cute host and some worldclass chefs jumping through all sorts of hoops to advance.And I was really digging this show right up until I caught this disclaimer in the end credits: \"Winningand elimination decisions were made by the Judges in consultation with producers. Some elimination decisionswere discussed with Bravo.\"WTF!!! \"in consultation with producers?\" How bogus. Screw these guys, I ain't watching this crap anymore.What a waste of a real opportunity here... great chefs like Hubert Keller and Rick Bayless shouldn't have torely on ratings to get passed up the chain, their food should stand on its own."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Was unsure when I purchased the DVD what to expect.  With real joy I can say that it was worth every cent and I have already watched it several times.  The Storyline kept me interested and I loved the two main actors. (Gilmore Girls, the mother) one of my favourite series.  Anway If you are unsure then try it I think most people will be very pleased, I was.  With the extras along comes a commentary and I am watching it now and it sounds like they had a great time filming this movie.  Enjoy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Makes you wonder about those authors of self-help books, eh?  What they're really like?  If they have all the answers?  Are they the lucky ones who have it all together?Nice to see Jeff Daniels in a movie.  He plays an author of a top best selling self-help book.  In reality, he's a ... oh, I can't tell you, you'll have to watch the movie.The characters are well developed in this movie -- that is, who they are, their fears, worries, gifts.  Oh, and the girl you can't place but you know you've seen her somewhere -- the ditsy girl at the book store -- she's the brunette in TV's Two Broke Girls.Amazed to find such a good movie I never heard of.  I think you'll enjoy it.Sweet price for Amazon Prime Members:  Free"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is an odd pairing of a fantasy about souls being switched in the afterlife with a lightweight courtroom drama. I enjoy the entertaining legal cases, but the whole reincarnation nonsense seems beyond dumb to me.That plus the fact that Hollywood writers/producers could not conceive of putting an overweight woman as the leading woman in a show, no matter how smart and successful she is, unless she identifies with the skinny blonde she supposedly used to be...it is really an insult to all overweight women!  And why is the smart successful Jane still identifies with Deb, even though she does not possess Deb's body or mind any longer? Simple; because Deb was better looking.Again, an insult to any intelligent person who still believes that a good looking shallow woman without any apparent achievements is SUPERIOR to a smart, well-educated and successful woman.  These shallow stereotypes and empty values are enforced again and again by Hollywood and everyone just accepts them without question."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "They really missed an opportunity here.The background story is great; model dies, and comes back in the body of an overweight, brilliant lawyer.There's no real storyline. The model is going through some crisis over her changed identity, a client shows up with a  problem that relates to what she is going through, she wins the case.That pretty much sums up every episode.The end of the season finale was intriguing so I'll probably watch season two but if it doesn't pick up I won't bother with the other seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'd seen this title around, but never paid attention until I was recently ill.  Tired of reading, and not a TV-watcher, I decided to take a chance and figured I wouldn't make it past the pilot.  What a surprise!  Very impressed with the acting, writing, creative plot lines, sets, music, and overall fun of it.  I smiled at the reviewer who stayed up all night to watch the entire first season as I can relate.  Sometimes, when you're sick, you have no choice and this is an entertaining way to pass the time.  I will definitely be watching Season 2, although at a more moderate pace."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Undercover police dramas are not easy to watch because they require really great writing. The ultimate show would be one where the audience doesn't know who the undercover cop is. The key would be to stack the show with stars so that it would never be obvious who the cop might be, and to write the shows so that anyone could be the undercover. Dark Blue is so far away from that, thats its easy to see why it didn't last. More of a vehicle for its star, the show drops the ball from the opening scene. It's OK to watch if there's nothing else, but i wouldn't waste my time, unless you're a writer searching for the wrong way to write."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It could be my Indian upbringing but for some reason I always feel at home when I watch Robin Williams. It could be the kindness in his eyes or the fragrance his happiness illuminates but he truly is a remarkable actor. In WGD, he does prove to me that even at 59, he remains one of the world's greatest actors.This film is for the morally tweaked, definitely not for those who live by calling everything mundane. It's funny, it's teary, it's funny, it is my film of the month. Do watch and share the word."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Warning: Robin Williams does frontal, but barely.  He hooks the viewer up in \"The Fisher King\" much, much more than here.  So don't see the film just for that reason.This film grew on me as it progressed.  I think earlier I didn't like it due to Daryl Sabara's character.  However, the actor probably made a great decision choosing this role as it moves him away from \"Spy Kids\"-typecasting.  That's like the Harry Potter dude doing \"Equus.\"  Once the annoying character is no longer present, the film really gets good.This film is about \"creating a monster,\" in Frankenstein fashion.  It also touches upon the controversies started by James Frey and his ilk.  I love the way one character acts in a Poe-esque, \"Telltale Heart\" fashion.Again, keep watching it and you'll enjoy it more.  I have new respect for both Williams and Goldthwait."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The first half of this movie you're left wondering why RW is such a whimp.If I had a kid like that, I would smack the **** out of him so others wouldn't have to put up with him.Fortunately, that didn't happen.After all the negativity that RW had to put up with, he takes a frown & turns it upside down.The movie centers around sex, & there are some very awkward scenes that are hilarious.If you need a good laugh, this is it.You end up knowing more about what's going on than the people in the movie.RW was the World's Greatest Dad for putting up with his kid, then taking care of business.You'll know the scene when you watch it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First, If you are looking for a funny slapstick don't get this...This is one of those expansions of reality that never the less hits too close to home...Robin Williams pulls this off just fine, but the first part of the movie was something seriously unexpected. The mentality level is not quite in the gutter and the ending was really cliche. I would never the less recommend this for college level lit classes to watch as it does push the mind to consider much... and that is what literature is really all about... pushing boundaries to see what we can understand about our world.Oh, it is worth watching for everyone else once or twice."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Unlike some reviewers I didn't think Heroes was a great series- it was at it's best in the first season. I think the producers are supposed to have admitted once they had no real story plan but were making it up as they went along- I think the writing showed it as time went on.By the time 3rd season was well along I'd gotten tired of seeing how many character roles Ali Larter was stuck with (they even seemed to ignore her entirely part of the season), Hayden Panettierre?- couldn't the writers find something to do with &#34;Claire&#34; besides kill/injure her?Amazon had it really cheap when I made my order, so I decided to catch up on the episodes I hadn't bothered with while the series was still running. However good or bad it'll be at least it will look goog and maybe the extras will be good too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was a good show but thanks to the inconsistancy of the writers it lasted only four seasons.  The final season, to me, started to bring back some of the excitement and overall feel of the first season, which is easily the best IMO.  I could've done without the whole 'Sylar possessing Matt' garbage, because it was among the inconsistant writing and way too drawn out, but otherwise a pretty good ending.  Besides, if you already have the other seasons, you might as well get this one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While overall I found the series to be mostly entertaining there were a few characters who really grated me with their apparent lack of importance to the series story or their characters personalities in the show itself, mostly with the apparent uselessness of Claire and the conniving mother of the Petrelli brothers who you really wished the character Sylar would kill ruthlessly but which never happened. This season like with the third tried to give us a new foil to match the villain Sylar with dubious results but much better then the third season second villain who at the end was pathetically killed off easily,  the fourth season new villain could have been better written but all in all wasn't truly horrible.  If you have the seasons 1-3 I would actually say just stick with those as while you can add on the fourth overall the episodes were pretty bland and though you'll get some more heroes episodes to watch you'll still probably feel a little cheated regardless."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After watching this soapy, relationship-entangled space opera for five endless hours, I happened to glance at my watch to notice that only five minutes had passed.Award yourself the \"Purple Heart For Patience\" if (like myself) you somehow manage to stick with this turkey to its distant, disapopinting conclusion, for the purpose of finally discovering the nature of its...\"UNIMAGINABLE MYSTERY,\" which the creators of the series -- from one grueling episode to another -- keep dangling enticingly before you.Perhaps the one and only redeeming feature about DEFYING GRAVITY is the immense sense of gratification and relief -- and \"lightness\" -- you're likely to experience after recommending it to (i.e., inflicting it on) your worst enemy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Defying Gravity is an awesome show that mixes the foreseeable future with an alien sci-fi twist.  It's all about mystery with flashbacks to see where the characters have come from and how far they have gone.  The whole show left me on the edge of my seat and I have since re-watched the show many times over.  Its great to watch at the end of a day.  Anyway, if you're a space fan and love mystery, this is the show for you.  This show was sadly cancelled before its time.  Have no fear in buying this gem."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The show is awesome,  the bearing sea  is a bitch of a place and Discovery has invested  heavly over the years to fine tune the cameras, crews  and  really make the show  cool. Who  would have thought that a show about crabbing would be a hit?  I like how the story lines are growing with new fleet vessels and thier crews, are a good mix  for future seasons. I  am glad they are  showing how crabbing works and how the  nuances  of that fishing  are impacted mininute by minute by nature above the ocean and  down on the floor.  I know that Discovery has trailer boats  so they are not alone  but I know they do work  hard to fil the quotas. Also I am glad that discovery are mixing in the USCG  and thier  presence in the fleet and on patrol. Very cool, glad the producers are thinking outside the box."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Monk's 8th and final is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Throughout this season, Monk serves as a bodyguard for his favorite actress, investigate a UFO sighting, goes undercover as a Mafia boss, celebrates his Birthday, receives a surprising visit from Sharona Fleming, and finally solves the murder of his wife, Trudy. It all comes down to this. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON EIGHT!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Toni Collette (an Australian actress) does an amazing and convincing job of portraying multiple personalities \"alters\" in this dark comedy.  Toni \"Tara, Buck, Alice, & 'T'\" work alongside John Corbett fromMy Big Fat Greek Weddingas they navigate life and it's stressors.  The acting is superb and the direction and production keep the viewer coming back episode after episode.  This series is unique in that MPD or Dissociative identity disorder (DID) has never been approached before on television besides the old movie Sybil.  United States of Tara gives a much more realistic view of how a typical family might deal with this.It's dark, it's funny and I found myself watching episode after episode in almost one sitting.  Collette's portrayals are convincing and really debut her acting prowess.  For something different and oddly funny, try out this series.  With Steven Spielberg at the helm, the series really comes together."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I think the first season was better. The crimes/mysteries were more common place in that you see people lie all the time for the crimes depicted in season 1.  In season 2, the storyline gets more grittier, more dangerous for Dr. Lightman and his team as they confront liars who will do anything to cover up their lies. There's a hint of unrealism in season 2, only because civilians like LIghtman and his team hardly ever get called to go confront people in dangerous places such as Afghanistan or the site of a collapsed mine shaft where anything could blow up at any second. Psychologists like him and his team still realistically work under controlled conditions, either in their office or through videos and one-on-one interviews. Otherwise, though, season 2 is still exciting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Instead of following the Dexter formula (12 episodes seasons), this new season of Lie To Me expanded to more than twenty episodes. In this case, this implied a lsos of quality, unfortunately.THings are some how weird in this season. The freshness and sheer brilliance of the first season (however flawed or not the whole concept may be) are gone since Episode One. Tim Roth, however, is still great to watch, as is Gillian Foster (forgot the name of the actress).BUt thing are kind of formulaic here. A lot of episodes are completely stand-alone. And they killed Spike!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This wonderful series just gets better and better. Tim Roth fits this characterization so well that he could BE the doctor he plays. Story lines change just enough to snare the viewer completely, yet keep the main plotline going throughout the series and keeping certain tensions and questions always there. I love this series and wish it would never end!Tim Roth is a master at his craft! Where has he been for we Americans? And the daughter! What an engaging girl! So perfect in her role--not at all the typical image of a rebellious, ill-mannered teenaged girl. She is someone you could love, and do love, along with her father. Everyone is just right in this series, and it is mesmerizing. Let's have more of it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I started watching this because Steven King recommended it and I like Steven King novels so he pulls a lot of weight in my book. Well I'm hooked! You won't fall asleep watching these shows. Fast and continuous action are what keep me glued to the set or tab.  My wife thinks I'm crazy. Don't get caught up with facts and details just sit back and enjoy.  Not for the weak of heart. It's adrenalin pumping action that will definitely raise the blood pressure.Lots of foul language and violence so be aware."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Oh, man, SOA season 1 was off the meat rack.  Excuse me, I mean it was FLAWLESS!!!!  And the writers, directors and cast follow up with season 2 perfectly.  Someone wrote a review saying that they never thought they would like a show about outlaw bikers and I felt the same way.  However, the writing and performances are so GREAT that you just cannot deny that this show is addictive.  I am so looking forward to season 3 'til it's ridiculous.  I truly believe that The Linson's and Kurt Sutter will not disappoint for the 3rd. installment of SOA.  This is one FANTASTIC SHOW!!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 3 continues the story so masterfully told in the first two seasons of this superb series, as Don Draper and the rest of the crew at the ad agency tackle new challenges, both professionally and personally.  A brilliant, well-crafted series, this latest season sees new character development, compelling story arcs and wonderfully well-written and acted episodes that are engaging, humorous, believable and witty.I'm a big fan of 60's tv shows (Wild Wild West, IDOJ, ST:TOS, The Saint, Avengers), and movies (Sinatra/Helm/007), and this brings back that golden era in a contemporary, well-designed series that's believable and engaging.  I like the story arc w/Hilton, and Don's response to increasing pressure as his success at work builds.Great job, to all involved - thanks for another winning season!  Looking forward to many more.-Ken Calhoun"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 3 of \"Mad Men\" is the best season so far, and I think Season 4 will be even better! There are so many twists and turns in the storylines this season, and I don't want to give anything away by saying two much here. I will say that I did not see the last two episodes coming at all, and the season finale is the best episode of the show to date. I'd even go so far as to say it's one of the best episodes in all of television. \"Mad Men\" is so mart, so slick, so stylish...it's one of the best TV shows ever. If you're still not watching, you need to start."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Geared for young children, when you watch carefully, the show actually teaches social stories as well as Chinese words.The character friends stumble upon some type of social-emotional problem, such as feeling left out, being impatient or unwilling to share, upset about a mistake, or playing too rough. Kai-lan encourages viewers to review a problem, identify the feeling, and find a solution. Sometimes help requires asking a grown-up for solutions. When one character has a problem, the ripple effects and consequences are shown. Kai-lan sings &#34;It's up to me and you,&#34; and shows how children can take responsibility and ownership of problems, as well as solutions. The cute songs and vocabulary review make learning easy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've never watched this show before and do find myself intrigued by it.  This week's challenge was to cook a fantastic pork dish paired with red wine (to be drunk).  The guest judge is very serious about his red wine so the two had to be perfect complements.  Amazing that there are this many super artistic ways to cook and present pork with red wine.  I just went and watched every back episode to this season as well and found them all fascinating.  Generally I don't like reality tv but these shows where you learn something are a bit different.  This is very much like Project Runway but about food instead of clothes.  I like both shows and have learned a lot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've read several of the reviews and some are too long.  This is a beautifully done adult movie with adult themes that isn't all about sex and graphics.  It crosses racial, i.e., socioeconomic, lines.  You keep asking \"Why is this? What is going on?\"  You ask yourself \"How could someone get to be this way?\"...then, you find out.  A part of you roots for the humanity of each of the characters.  You can sit back and just enjoy the story and the bit of a shock ending which becomes immediately logical.  The movie gives you some \"movie satisfaction\" when it is over."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Books and movies that are not predictable are my favorite. This movie took me awhile to catch on to the premise so I gave it a good rating. The beginning drags only because it is out of sequence to the story. It takes time to get used to the back and forth of the story line and then it hits you what is going on. At that point everything makes sense. I'm trying not to give anything away so details about the story won't be given here. I would suggest this movie to anyone who enjoys something different."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I agree, if you like movies that are action packed or have  high speed car chases, then this movie is not for you.  But if you love a good drama, then this is it.  As far as plot, I had a tough time following it once or twice, but the movie really intrigues me.  I'm guessing I'll understand it better when I watch it again, which I will do, probably a lot!  Among other things, it clearly shows what can happen if your past defines you or is something so intense that it never lets you go.  Awesome cast, amazing performances by them all."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Watched this on the basis of seeing Benedict Cumberbatch in an earlier production and was not at all disappointed.  Ok, I am disappointed there was not a subsequent season to watch.  The Cumberbatch character returns to a much changed England to attend his brother's funeral.  Everyone now must have a personal ID card in order to buy anything, get transportation or enter any where, including your own home.  He meets his brother's wife and is instantly attracted to her.  What follows is a story of intrigue and conspiracies that keeps you guessing as to who the good guys and the bad guys are.  The end of this 5 episode series is as unpredictable as the rest of the series.  Four stars only because I really wanted to see another season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Benedict Cumberbatch seems to be everywhere these days.  The Last Enemy is engaging but, in my opinion, more because of the performances of some in the more minor roles.  Mr. Cumberbatch delivers what is in my opinion, his least impressive performance to date.  He seems to have only one facial expression and even his body movements are ridiculously exaggerated.The story line is a tad implausible but that's OK given that this is intended as dystopian fantasy.  Overwriting and overly emotive performances are the weaknesses here.  Both Cumberbatch and his leading lady spend the entire show either sulking or yelling with pretty much the same pained looks on their faces.This is not PBS' finest moment"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Jaaman returns in what I consider to be his best yet.  I actually like the story and I thought it was well acted and directed.  This is one beautiful looking film and just as brutal.  Jaa is in top form here as he goes through numerous fighting styles including the use of weapons.  The fight that ends the film is incredible and clocks in at almost ten minutes.  Yes, the ending left you hanging but this is part of a trilogy.  Think of it like the ending to Kill Bill 1 and you'll know what I mean.  It's so good they can call it whatever they want, this is now my favorite Jaa film."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I find myself cracking up even more than usual.  \"Dean Coontz\" is fantastic as the up-tight dean of the uni Hank is now working at (\"Bueler.. Bueler.. anyone?  Bueler..), and with Hank's wife off in New York for a spell, the college setting provides a pretty good set-up.  Runkle's female agent boss is hilarious (\"You say harassment, I say a couple of big juicy orgasms between friends\"), as is the continuing saga of Runkle's marriage. Rick Springfield is one of his clients (turns out Runkle's girl may be better than Jessie's).The end of this season will be sure to leave you wanting more from the 'rocket man' and company.  This is an addictive show and Season 3 goes out with a bang.  Brilliantly filmed last scene."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "StarGate Universe reminds me of StarGate Atlantis that had so much potential that was missed.  When did we start making TV shows that had more action in them than story lines.  Here we have a great premise for a story line that could go on for years.  However, starting with the first episode there was no back story which leave us confused.  That is support to happen.  However, I'm half way through the first season and I'm still trying to figure that part out.  I wish they did like the Avengers movie and did a lot of background with a good amount of action.  Maybe they need to find the MASH writers for help.  Still worth the watch because it will be referred to in future StarGate movies or series.  I'm just glad Ben Browder wasn't in it.  He was good in FarScape, yet he sucked in StarGate."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Plot summary: Two goa'uld symbiotes take over BW and RCC and force them to create SGU to avenge the defeat the system lords suffered in SG1.  Well, not exactly, but it certainly a plausible explanation to what happened.If you liked SG1 and SGA, chances are you will not like SGU - the creators ( BW and RCC ) tried to do something \"different\" and it backfired.  SGU turned out to be a deficient hybrid of Stargate and Battlestar Galactica.  It had neither portrayal and analysis of social and psychological issues new BSG offered - and even if you disliked it, you have to admit that new BSG was smart and stylish - nor any meaningful Sci-Fi or humor present in SG1/SGA.SGU was a sad sad long dragged out show with sad unlikeable characters, which even the abundance of the gratuitous sex scenes could not save.  But good to know that some viewers liked the series to make it last two seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really liked SG-1 and I liked Atlantis even more.  And after watching Atlantis for the second time I decided to go ahead and try to watch universe.  I agree it is somewhat like BG although honestly I loved that series.  This is almost work to watch.  It complicated and annoying and dark.  BG was dark too but it moved right along.  Atlantis was exciting and fun and almost campy.  I could watch it while I did other things and still enjoy it.  SGU demands my attention and when I waste time just watching it it's not fun at all.  I'll try to keep going but if they don't get off that ship soon I'll have to quit.  I'm up to episode \"Life\" and so far overall the series sucks.  Half way through the season, there is no one moment of joy so far.  I'm going to skip to the last episode of season one and then hope season 2 is better."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Many people have compared this offshoot of the Stargate franchise as a Battlestar Galactica wannabe. Since I've never seen the newest BSG series, I can't compare it myself. So, I'll just say that I loved this newest SG installment and wish that it hadn't been cancelled after Season 2. However, even though it was cancelled, it was just so much fun. Now, the stars are off doing other series. However, if I ever win the Lotto, I will personally fund a TV movie or another season of this show. I miss the characters and would like to see them again."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's too bad they didn't take this series further, because it was actually really well done.  It takes a much darker approach than the rest of the Stargate series, which I really liked.  It didn't try to be funny, but instead focused on the classic questions and sense of wonder that make sci-fi great.For those who liked the cheesy jokes and two-dimensional characters of the other Stargate series, this probably isn't for you, which is most likely why it was so short-lived.  For those who tolerated the other series but prefer something with a little more depth and intelligence, then this is the Stargate series for you.I enjoyed the complexity of the characters, who could be both villains and heroes and still maintain the lead roles.  I also enjoyed the constant suspense, sense of exploration, and the quest for ultimate understanding that drove the plot.  I guess when it comes to intelligent sci-fi on TV, getting cancelled is just destiny."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Being a Stargate fan, I was hating that Atlantis and SG-1 were gone but was wiling to give SGU a chance.  The first few episodes were slow and un- Stargate like and looked like the writers and producer were not sure where they wanted the series to go.  Too much of the drama music especially in the beginning of the series but by Season two was beginning to find its legs.  Unfortunately, SCI-FI didnt give it a chance and it wasn't allow to follow through on the promise of what it could have been.  Not as good as the original SG-1 and Atlantis but could have found an audience if only given time to get the story going.  Like all sequels it takes a couple seasons to charm the fans but SGU was only allowed to go to the dance once."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Stargate Universe has a fine cast and fine acting.  The first season portrays the blowup of a planet and the hurried departure of an ancient starship from said planet with scientists and visitors aboard, and the troubles attendant on the Destiny because it has apparently been travelling a long time without any crew and therefore without any maintenance. Various solutions are found but there are also conflicts among the people aboard, since some are scientists, some military and some just folks.  It is a good beginning to the four-season journey.Linda Sheean"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's one thing to speculate; it's another to make a ridiculous statement: &#34;Moses was the only person to ever see God.&#34; Wow - hubris, move over! a new low in standards of broadcasting. This entire series has been great to watch (the Romans was excellent, and Martin Luther was too) but I stopped dead in my tracks and hit the stop button on the intro to this one - reading the other reviews, there's a lot to be avoided in this episode - I have no idea what they were thinking when they wrote this, but just bad writing ruined it. &#34;One nation conquered over and over was the Israelites; no people in history were more likely to be forgotten.&#34; What? Plain crap. Bad history. Not true, and it doesn't end there, they go on and on, and do very little objective &#34;history.&#34; Don't dump the series, just skip this clunker!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Empires series &#34;Kingdom of David&#34; did a great job at &#34;connecting the dots&#34; by filling in the information explaining how the Jewish people got from the biblical account of their nation to what we see as the practice of Judaism today. People who study the Bible must wonder how the Jews came from the temple service to the present practice of the Synagogue. The series treated this part of Jewish history very well. Rather than taking an &#34;events & dates&#34; approach, the producers blended the historical account with the religious and philosophical development of the Jewish people. I found this a great help in better understanding this fascinating culture."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 2 is much better made than its predecessor, season 1. However even though season 1 is not as well-made as season 2, acting and plot is still basically the same. In episode 02 of lizard man a person will die and the actor who played a rescue man will have a wide smile on his face before/ right after proposing that the person is deceased. This season does have repeating monsters, but I think it was still all right. At times when we get to see the monster usually it's done too cheesy and the plot at times is also ridiculous. Like for example in the last episode, in total darkness, in total madness a guy who made hoax, told his friend to get separated to find another person and meet in 20 minutes. Seriously considering what was supposed to be happening no idiot would do that and no smart man alike. Would like to see season 3 and how different it is. No high hopes. The stories are still made out of some facts and lots of imagination."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Just when the world could not seem to get any stranger, it goes a deeper level- cryptically bizarre.The episodes follow the precise same structure as the previous season, but it goes farther in the revelations- in a greater number of the tapes, you actually see the creatures the tapes deal with, not only that, but a greater number of people meet their doom (don't worry, some live on), and, in the end of the episodes, you do get to learn a lesson well worth learning- if the government says an \"official\" story and there's evidence that contradicts them- it's worth being skeptical.There were a lot more moments in this season than the last where I actually felt chills watching what would unfold and a couple really good moments where something happened that I ended up jumping at, so they must have decided to bring on the better tapes this time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The historical/cultural research and legends integrated into the plotlines of these episodes is probably what keeps me watching.  The Magnus character and her past-life husband are the most compelling characters; the others seem fairly one-sided caricatures.  The plot is based on a \"sanctuary\" developed to protect and study \"abnormals\"--those creatures with extraordinary powers and curses who could be compromised, exploited by scientists or other abnormals or creatures who pose a threat to the world.  While the premise is interesting, the stories often become sentimental and are verbally relayed rather than revealed through action.  Interesting concept but it needs much more depth, internal conflict, and complications to be compelling for viewers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We streamed a few shows of Sanctuary (not the best Internet connection at our house for streaming) and decided to buy the Blu-ray disc set as soon as it came out.We save watching the Sanctuary shows for when nothing else is on; we don't want the shows to end too soon.We are Stargate fans, and we find Sanctuary to be a wonderful option for science fiction.Why would any person complain? There is nothing else worth watching for people who only receive over-the-air television."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The same exciting cast, with Kadee Strickland (Charlotte King) offering the best performance.  However, there are signs of fatigue among the show's writers:  Many episodes are downright depressing, characters have more or less all slept with each other, and many twists in the plot are difficult to believe.  For example, why would a doctor recommend a procedure that puts his patient at a major risk of dying?  Why would a hospital administrator allow a relative to get into a patient's room, in defiance of a judge's order, knowing that the relative will unplug the machine?  Can a surgeon in the middle of a procedure decide to stop and have his patient die because he just found out that the patient was the cause of an accident involving the surgeon's daughter? Have the writers never heard of lawyers? Have they no knowledge of the hippocratic oath? And, what's with the cat??!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is more a blanket review for Sesame Street than any particular season.  All three of my children have enjoyed this show, with my daughter (almost 2) actually seeming to be the one who is going to enjoy it the most.  She enjoys seeing most of the muppets and can name almost all of them, but for some reason she goes crazy over Cookie Monster!  She absolutely loves him.  She is picking up counting and some of the songs, and it manages to keep her attention for almost 10 minutes at a time sometimes, which is huge for a 1-year-old.  The best part is I don't feel guilty for letting her watch it.  I grew up on this show so I'm happy to be able to share it with my children."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Unfortunately, this show is going in the direction of most of the other fare on tv. It is shaping up to be the evil aliens (who really look awful instead of beautiful) against the good guys (FBI agent, priest, etc., as rebels).  The entire show this time advanced that premise rather than developing other aspects.  I wish the aliens weren't so unrelievedly beautiful on the surface and evil underneath too.  It doesn't leave much room for interesting stories other than good guys vs. bad guys.  The only thing I enjoyed this time was looking at the beautiful alien Anna and the neat way she could try on outfits virtually.  I doubt I will watch this next week.  I think I will stick with FlashForward and Fringe as my sci fi of choice this season.  Save your money."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show had so much promise.  Sure some of the characters were dreadful in dialogue.  Yes, you could tell things were off to a slow start.  But when the V first hit Earth it's all very exciting.  Then the show was thrown into a pile of trash, and is generally not worth watching.  I recommend watching the series until the V introduce themselves on the giant undership screens, then hit your foot with a hammer, and save yourself the time of watching anything further."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is based on a true fact of Chinese history, and John Woo, a master at film-making, has taken full advantage of computer-generated skill to present us with vast armies, flotillas of warships and - of course - one of his favorite stars, Jet Li.The film is awesome and spectacular, and no one has mastered the concept of a moving camera as well. Gone is the stationary tripod, and Woo keeps his camera hovering over and around his characters almost constantly. This is an epic winner."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved the fact that this movie was 4 hrs long.It's staying on my shelf.The one flaw was the prop wash when the defending navy set off to torch the enemy ships.One would think that as much CGI was in the film, they could have done a quick erase.That being said ...I liked the 3 Kingdoms Chinese history.There wasn't a lot of wire foo which made the film more believable.You were rooting for the good guys in this movie.I have a huge respect for the cast & crew.Could you imagine filming during a monsoon with your set being washed away every few days?Yeah ... watch the specials."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The film is overwhelming with overkill.  It has everything.  Great stunts, great cinematography, epic (and acrobatic!) battle scenes, more blood than Quentin Tarantino could stomach, some sex, tea ceremonies, Chinese poetry, The Art of War, great acting, great overacting.  Director Woo was out to Wow and he succeeded.  Don't skip the credits.  The cast and crew of this film make the old DeMille &#34;cast of thousands&#34; look sadly understaffed.  If we started making films like this in the USA we could reduce the unemployment rate below 4 percent in no time at all."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Neither my wife nor I are into dark, grim crime and suspense shows. Not terribly keen, for example, on those CSI shows and coroner shows (though fond of Crossing Jordan, because the characters are so engaging). That's why our faves tend to be things like Monk and Psych and Remington Steele. White Collar's in that tradition of light-touch mystery suspense. The teaming of the master con man with the straightlaced FBI guy makes for a nifty dynamic with lots of potential for friendship and conflict. Just a lot of fun."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Thought this would be a remake of to catch a thief, seems more like Leverage.  A lot of the plot ideas are basically the same.  Do love watching the FBI twist on it though.Ok I will skip the plot lines as usual.What you get is 4 disc's containing 14 episodes and Special Features.  The reason I gave this only 4 stars are the location of the Deleted scenes.  Rather than include them as a selection with each episode they stick them all on disc 4 in a special feature.  So you have to try and remember each episode and then try to figure out what's going on.  They could have done a much better job.Special Features include:Audio Commentary on a few episodes.Pro And Con;A Cool Cat in the Hat;Nothing But the TruthGag Reel;Deleted Scenes;"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I started watching this with some concern.  I have seem so many detective type shows and am really sick of them.  But this show is different it has a great cast and the storylines are excellent.  I loved Season One and can't wait for Season two.  If you are not sure about this DVD then I think it is definitely worth purchasing it as you will not regret it.  I know with most shows like this i.e. The Mentalist the storylines are paper thin and you know within minutes who is responsible for the crime.  This is not the case here.  Do yourself a favour and try this DVD."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love the series. It is engaging and a lot of fun. However, the blu-ray edition and my Sony blu-ray player do not get along. I suspect the player is the problem and not this set. Every time I start up the disc, it resets as if I had just placed it into the player and I have to go through all the front matter again. It is irritating because if the blu-ray player is on pause and shuts down for lack of activity, it resets the disc and we have to start over.Aside from that little problem, this is one great series, solving a new case each episode, and yet having an on-going story in the background. All of the performers are top-notch and the stories are all over the map, presenting a new look each story at some form of crime (white color or otherwise). The performances and story excellence carry forward into the following seasons and we are looking forward to the release of the fourth season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If the pilot were representative of the whole show, this would be a 5-star review.  The pilot was well-written and laugh-out-loud funny.  After a couple of episodes, it was down to 3 stars.  By the end, the whole Kate music-box thing had rendered it almost unwatchable.  I am ok with suspending disbelief, but come on, suspending disbelief and suspending IQ aren't the same thing.  The woman is walking around playing clue games and someone is supposed to take this seriously, the fact that she is in serious jeopardy?  If this bit of boring dumb weren't the underpinning of so much of the show, it wouldn't have trashed the whole show, but it is and it does.P.S.  Took heed of the comments and yes, it did get better once Kate died!  Raised from two to four stars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This account of her life seems quite sanitized, almost like the Hollywood press releases of old; in the days when the studio painted their 'version' of a star.  There were certainly contradictory remarks made by different 'associates' of Crawford, you were never sure if they were friend or foe.  Certainly interesting stories about her early days in Hollywood, but not a lot about her personal life.  Only one of her children commented on Joan as a mother, and she was one of the twins adopted later than Christina and Christopher.  Did the abuse occur?  I think it did.  I've seen and read the accounts of Crawford 'insiders' who were witnesses to what went on behind closed doors.  So, all in all, I guess this isn't a terrible 'Bio', but I would like to have seen something a little more than a fluff piece, but one that really dug in."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "By no means is this the best documentary on legendary movie actress Joan Crawford it is nevertheless an interesting insight into how Lucille Leseur became Joan Crawford and went from nothing to being the highest-paid actress in Hollywood during the 1930's. With some rare interviews with those who knew her \"Always The Star\" concentrates more on Joan's acting career than her personal life. Having shot over 80 films, numerous television guest-star spots, commercials and winning the coveted Academy Award, Joan Crawford is cemented as one (if not the best) actresses in Hollywood history."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is what happens when a comedian burns out. Dunham's entire thing is his puppets, with which he insults his audience and gets away with it.  On a personal comedy-club level, this is acceptable. Once commercialized with music and fake laugh tracks, this show went to hell. In Dunham's case, since his entire show is based upon puppets, to come up with new material, you have to come up with new puppets. The scenarios that he has come up with...visiting real people and businesses and warping out obnoxiousness for humor's sake...is NOT funny. Let's not forget Dunham is JNew W*rld Ord*r and his denigration of and overt racism for the White Christian and Muslim races is nothing short of criminal! You see what his race of people REALLY thinks about other races on the planet! His stuff is NOT funny and he's reached the end of his rope...perhaps he'll hang himself with it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I found this movie just an okay movie because they all (the husband, the wife, and the mistress) all get robbed while heis trying to get away to Paris with his mistress..I guess this movie was suppose to be a comedy, however I did not see it that way.Its just your typical husband wants to leave wife because he's found someone else,but she does not want to turn him loose.  There is a terrible twist at the end of this movie,as the Husband who stayed with his wife are leaving town and he happens to pass by two of thefour people that held all three of them  captive.  I didn't know if this was a drama or a comedy.  I sincerely doubtI will ever watch this movie again because it was a really weird movie.  His mistress leaves and he stays with his wife andhas a baby together."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought this was a great movie with a weak plot (I know that sounds contradictory). The film had  great acting, character development, special effects, etc. - perhaps the best of any Trek film. I loved the way the film tied together the main TOS characters.On the other hand, I thought the plot was a bit too  grandiose - especially for a 2-hour film. I won't reveal any spoilers, but I will say a lot changed in the Star Trek universe - yet, it seemed way too quick. I'm not a Trek purist, but I just felt like the whole \"villain develops planet-destroying technology\" plot has been done a bit too much (e.g., Wrath of Khan, Generations, Insurrection, Nemesis) that the actual storyline seemed mundane. However, the character development and the chance to see Kirk, Spock, and Bones on the big screen more than compensated.Trek purists beware!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The movie is riveting and holds strong all the elements of the original Star Trek series and movies.  It begins with an attack of an amazing outside-the-box Romulan Ship with a tattooed seethingly evil Captain Nero (Eric Bana).After the attack, one of the survivors, the infant James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) is shown as a wild risk taker growing up in Iowa.  He rides wild clunker cars and has no fear.  Captain Christopher Pike (Bruce Greenwood) meets Kirk as an adult and recommends that he join the Starfleet.  This gives him the opportunity to meet Spock (Zachary Quinto) and all the familiar faces in the Star Trek fictional universe.The cast is top notch and their acting shows they have studied the history of the series.  Character essence flows well and gives great satisfaction - like comfort food for the soul.The action and story are fabulous - nothing too long or drawn out - just enough.  The movie is top notch."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "How could I best describe D13-U? Not quite easy, despite being an easy viewing. Action-packed, yes. Quite funny at times. An interesting plot dealing with deception and political machinations (one of the few movies with that theme that I could actually understand it pretty well). Pretty well-balanced, at least in my opinion. And, overall, worth checking out.There's not much I could say about it that wouldn't ruin plot points and all, yet I didn't see the first movie, though I did enjoy how this one went.So, the best I could do is a recommendation: if you like fast action, a great-paced movie, a foreign film, numerous twists and deep thought to the twists, and realistic fight scenes, and an eventual cast of eccentric people (including a woman who knows how to fight with her hair as a deadly whip) in the mix and a surprise twist at the end, this could definitely be for you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We enjoyed the first one more, which is funny since we noticed and bought the 1st movie based on our purchase of this one.The problem is they did such a great job with the first one that they needed to reach a bit higher with the second one and didn't achieve this, imo.What I would recommend is owning both & watching them one after the other since Ultimatum immediately takes off from the first one and resumes the story line.As a set, I'm glad I have both as it makes for a complete evening's entertainment.You certainly can't complain about the stunts, they're terrific."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched and read this book (the first of a series) to see if it was too inappropriate for my 13 year old niece.  It is a little more raunchy (especially the book) than I would prefer for a 13 year old.  But I would think a young woman at the end of high school or beginning of college might appreciate this level of teen angst.  The areas where the girls have to deal with heavy kissing and groping are the areas that I felt were a bit too much for my niece.  But it does not overpower the whole book.  I found the book and movie rather funny, and I think I will recommend it for her in a few years."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Curious George has been a classic for years, however, I believe that the Curious George show is better than ever.  There is always a lesson hidden in these adorable episodes.  My son LOVES to watch it, and I am happy to let him watch.  They discuss topics from counting to instruments, colors, nature etc.  The graphics are wonderful and sharp, music is so cute!  I truly find myself singing the opening song with him&#8230;always! It is nice for our children to have shows that are fun, as well as educational."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Curious George, I think it is a wonderfully done cartoon. The imagery and artwork is beautifully done. The pace is exciting without being too overstimulating and frazzling like many of the other kids shows on today. The color, the selection scheme is aesthetic, not gaudy and tacky as are some of others. The Yellow hat character and others are charming and the show is overall respectful and informative add on shows great respect and forgiveness for George. We love the reality segments as well. Curious George is just so darn cute and the show superbly done. The kids love it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Better than sesame street. One of the best series from PBS. surprisingly education as george takes all sorts of field trips and explores all sorts of environments and settings and the writers use that to teach children about the world.It is very laid back and doesn't use cheesy songs or dances to entice kids. Instead it just focuses on cool adventures with george.As an adult I find it interesting and tolerable (barney or dora being rather nauseating to watch). My kids 3 and 6 find it engrossing and entertaining. they also learn a few cool things each time, especially if i'm watching it with them and pointing out things here and there to stimulate discussion.This is on par with Wild Kratts (which is an awesome series as well), but I'm almost tempted to say it teaches even more than wild kratts."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My wife and I have recounted several times how the &#34;Curious George&#34; series has &#34;educated us&#34; on how things are made or simple physics, chemistry, math and science lessons.  I know that our children enjoy the entire series as well.  We have 7 kids, ranging from 11 years old all the way down to twins still in the womb.  We plan to continue (and possibly purchase) the Curious George series because of it's educational value, lessons, and good moral principles that are (for the most part) biblically based on the 10 commandments.  Many lessons like: Why its important to always tell the truth, honoring your parents, not harming others, the importance of listening...all great tools for good education as well as entertainment value.  Would recommend to anyone."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have to say with each season I'm more and more impressed by the wholesome fun that is Curious George.  This series has become a stable of one of my daughter's days and my wife and I enjoy watching it with her.  Primarily it is fun, engaging, and full of wholesome morality and lessons, such as: forgiveness, patience, understanding, loyalty, creativity, obedience and others.  I'm not espousing this show is the end all, be all...to teach your child, but they (and you) will have a lot of fun together watching and explaining as you go.  :-)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series is about missing people.  It is not about solved missing persons cases.  It is typically about people who are still missing.  There are so many missing people--people who just vanish and are never seen again--missing without explanation or reason at all.  I'm glad this series calls attention to their cases.  Having searched for two missing persons myself (Elizabeth Smart and Lori Soares), I understand the frustration of the search.  Fortunately there was resolution in both cases I searched for, but there are so many other cases which are not ever solved.  Shows like this keep them in the limelight."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The first time I saw Michael Kitchen was in a movie named Enchanted April. I was hooked on him. I wanted more movies, or TV or whatever was avaliable for him. He has a presence in the scenes he's in. He's layed back  easy to watch. The roles he plays seem to be in movies that are fairly clean. He doesn't have to say much, his facial expressions tell it all. I've throughly enjoyed all the Foyle's War episodes. The plots are good and the actors are exceptional. The plots have a British slant and it's interesting to see the war from that point of view."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Poirot adventures with David Suchet--which began nearly a quarter century ago and just recently concluded--are some of the best classic British mysteries on television. That they were saddled for years with crappy DVD transfers was a shame. But now you can enjoy pristine Blu Rays of the original Super 16 footage; they look fantastic. If you watch your Poirots as much as my wife and I do, you owe it to yourself to pick up the Blu Rays. It's well worth buying the shows a second time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's hard for me to rate this season. Overall it's great, as good as any of them. I do have one problem, which is the episode 'The Case Of The Missing Will'. They did a fine job on the episode, and it was quite entertaining, and yet if I could rate the episodes individually that one would only get one star. Why? For the simple reason that they threw Agatha Christie's story in the trash and wrote their own. The 'Missing Will' of the series has absolutely nothing to do with the original, nothing at all.Other than that I would gladly give this season five stars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I LOVE the Poirot moves and David Suchet is Poirot embodied. However, since there are many other reviews that give better information on the content of these movies, I am simply commenting on the quality of the video.For some reason, this specific episode is really grainy. I'm not exactly complaining because I'm streaming them at such a little cost through AmazonPrime's annual $79 fee which is a mere pittance. To use the language of Poirot  :DJust saying... I don't know why this one is not very good quality-wise, and I just watched the previous two in this season and no prob.  It almost looks like old fashioned film."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series 4 was the first full season to switch from Agatha Christie's Poirot Short Stories to her Poirot Novels (two had already been produced in 1990), thus creating feature length TV episodes.These had been previously released in various \"Poirot Movie Collections\" using the old 1992 film to video transfers in standard definition. Now ITV, the owner of LWT programs, has gone back to the original camera films to do new Hi-Definition transfers, making the series look fresh and new.The three great two hour episodes here are:31  4-01  05/January/92  \"THE A.B.C. MURDERS\"32  4-02  12/January/92  \"DEATH IN THE CLOUDS\"33  4-03  19/January/92  \"ONE, TWO, BUCKLE MYSHOE\"While these may have been filmed in 16mm, going back to0 the original camera 16mm film elements to create this transfer will always look better than a 1992 standard definition transfer of a 16mm copy made from a 16mm dubbing negative."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the best made television out there. No American made show or series comes close. The dialogue, the sets, the wardrobe, the lighting, locations and cinematography and characters are top of the line. The staging is staggering in the first six seasons; the quality control falls off in some episodes later on. Perhaps because you get used to an exquisite product watching the first six seasons. Agatha Christie would be proud; maybe intimidated by the way her stories have been brought to life.  Every detail is spared no expense and continuity is unmatched. I can watch these over and over in spite of the fact that I know the ending and who the villain is. If you have never see a Poirot episode it&#8217;s well worth your time to watch. John Strickland is an excellent director and Suchet, and cast is top notch. With a cinematographer like Gavin Finney  casting by Susie Parriss, production design by  Jeff Tessler  and kudos to the entire production team, they are one of the best ever assembled."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've said this before elsewhere and I'll gladly say it again here. David Suchet is the ultimate Hercule Poirot. I enjoy this series immensely because the production companies involved in the creation of the programs seem to strive for perfection. The sets, locations and especially the costumes are superb. The episodes have only one weakness that I can see and that is the dialogue. On extremely rare occasions the characters will use an expression such as &#34;excuse me&#34; to indicate a hearing problem. This practice was not used in that time period for that reason. But I'm majoring in the minors here. All the Poirot programs are wonderful and I recommend them to everyone."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was the final season and a good season it was.  Personalities died and others emerged.  The show started the way it ended, with Tony in therapy (w/Carmella), Meadow, her usual brilliant self, truly growing into daddy's little girl, becoming a lawyer as a result of all the stuff she saw growing up, voicing her very strong beliefs.  Tony Jr., well, he lived up to the potential of uber rich New Jersey kids, dumped  the brown GF and took a BMW and an easy trail to his dreams.  Tony was facing another potential indictment, his solution, take the family to a dinner.In the end you could make him out to be a gangster, or just a guy providing for his family in the best way he knew how."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series in quality was up there among the best in T.V. programs and films made for the big screen.  But there was one thing that I found annoying.  This series must lead the pack in product placements. The view of Kellogg's, Ford, and many other product logos  was thrust into the viewer's face multiple times.  Did this technique make me want to run out and buy the product being pushed?  I think not. I quit watching commercial network television almost five years ago due to the number of commercials per segment, and the number of commercial segments per hour. Although there is really nothing I can do to avoid seeing the placements, I can let the manufacturer know that I find the ads leave me with a negative impression of that product by forcing the ad on me.  Unlike ads in newspapers and magazines I can't just look away and ignore the ad. When possible I purchase an item of similar utility from another seller."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thoroughly enjoyed this show.  Enjoyed the Braverman family.  A must to see.I saw all 4 seasons and hope there will be a Season 5.  Season 4 was a tear jerker, but so real and the acting was excellent.  I am going to watch it again....you just fall in love with the Braverman family.  They are a close knit family even though every family member have issues....loved the tv show.  Hope it will return with a season 5.  Fell in love with Max, and loved Kristina, Crosby and Jasmine, Adam is great, all the actors and in their roles was simply wonderful....."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was looking for a comedy series and started watching Parenthood on Prime.  WOW... got sucked in and have been watching show after show.  the acting is outstanding, writing is amazing, realistic, not like a laugh track sitcom.  The comedy is subtle... sometimes just glances or a raised eyebrow, but really funny.  This show is more like a drama with the comedy suffused through it that life always provides. The families are loving and sweet and quirky and dysfunctional all at the same time.  Warning, if you're a big conservative, give this a pass... there are mixed race families, drug use by teens, etc, etc... just like in real life."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "You are immediately sucked into loving the characters. This family will remind you of your own family...the smart caring son who is raising a child with autism, the 40 something daughter who has sacrificed her dreams for her ROCK STAR husband and is now raising 2 teens alone, the smart sister who has a great job and a stay at home dad, and the screw-up brother who is always messing up. If it doesn't remind you of your own family, you will be wishing you had a family like it. Great characters with real life day-to-day struggles. Best family show since Party of 5."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I usually don't like these types of soap opera-ish shows, but we tried it and i think it's one of the best shows on the air. Funny and dramatic, without being melodramatic is rare and often a failure; but they pull this off with style. The characters, of which there are a multitude are so well crafted that their similarities become melded into a casting that demands each get its time to develop and interact in a fashion that can only be discribed as growth; like a real person grows within a family, and like a family grows together and apart. It's real lofe on television; not some concoted formula of what works and what people want to see."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "THE ECLIPSE is mostly a romantic story, infused w/ supernatural happenings and a few jolts here and there. Michael Farr (Ciaran Hinds) is a widower w/ two children, haunted by his wife's death. He falls in love w/ a woman who writes ghost stories, and must deal w/ inner conflict along w/ his aging father in law. Throw in Aidan Quinn as a lecherous, drunken ex-lover of Michael's new love interest, and you've got quite a mess! Along the way, Michael is tormented by spectres, both in dreams and in reality. This is a quiet, somber little film, w/ no noisy, CGI ghosts or Hollywood thrills. It's an Irish movie that moves at a pace that will probably infuriate and bewilder most action-starved, explosion-addicted Americans..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There is no mystery in this movie what so ever; there are no ghosts; there is nothing supernatural. Just ignorance. Everyone has lost someone that they love but to randomly toss in a couple of fakey slightly scarred head shots in spots that make no sense (e.g. in the car seat next to you; under some stuff in a room) or a couple of brief ghostly apparition scenes lasting a few seconds that do nothing - please! That any of these mysteries are part of illusionary compensation for losing someone is beyond belief. Also, to intermingle and confuse the one story line with another with an artificial good guy - bad guy - cute girl love triangle seems to be added to appease a certain viewing demographic but has no other function in this supposedly \"spine-tinglingly\" supernatural thriller.Finally, what does an eclipse have to do with the fundamental plot/story of the movie?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was able to catch a sneak peak of this on HDNET before it was released in theaters. I think the reason this film wasn't received well it that they marketed it as a horror movie.....which it is not! The film it about loss and coping with that loss and in the area of showing different types of grieving I do think this film succeeds. The acting is very good and I for one like the marriage here of drama and a little horror. I can say this much, this film has some good scares and they come because the film isn't focused on \"the ghost\". It's not a perfect film, but I think this one hasn't gotten the credit it deserves."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I only just noticed that Season 2 of Little Bill was available, and immediately watched it (this time, my son wanted it...in a few months time he will be 4 years old).  In my opinion this show continues to be the best &#34;TV&#34; program for my son...I'm thrilled that Bill Cosby created this very warm, family-friendly, non-commercial, and ofcourse, non-violent series for young children.  At this stage of my young son's life, everything is a teacher...he is a sponge, soaking in all to which he is exposed.  No better teacher than the the &#34;real - life lessons&#34; offered in Little Bill.  The only difference that I note in Season 2 is that its somehow 'already familiar,' the episodes are all different but the novelty of being a first encounter has changed.  However, that does not take away from the quality of the show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Very well-done epic portraying a period during the Ching dynasty. Jet Li did an excellent job in this gritty, dark film. this film concerned itself with brotherhood and love during the wars, and although I would rather have seen a more historic piece, the directors did use some of the historical facts in this movie. It was definitely worth the watch as it really tells a tale that sucks you in. 4 stars simply because brotherhood and love were more important to the story than the actual historical reasons behind the events of the period. This is an excellent film, however, and like so many Occidental movies that include some 'unsolved historical mystery', this one at least attempts to give an answer to the question. All in all, I would watch it again, and will recommend others watch it too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Warlords is an amazing film. The story is filled with epic war scenes and dramatic scenes of betrayal, especially towards the magnificent ending. Also, the whole film is shot beautifully. The music is epic and matches the film. Jet Li does a wonderful job and so does the rest of the cast. Everything about this film is powerful and holds a strong message. Sadly, the 1hr 50min Magnet version is the cut version, which is the one I saw. Yet, it was still a stunning movie. I look forward to watching the full version, though.The Warlords has violent war scenes throughout, with blood and gore. There is no notable nudity or sex. Warlords is a must-watch movie and I highly recommend it. (available on Netflix Streaming as of 6/22/12 if you're still unsure and want to save some money)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie lost credibility points.The only survivor of a backstabbing battle is the general?I don't think so.The general is whom everybody would have been after.It would have been far more credible if he had been let go to be dishonored.The general would then have to commit suicide or regain his honor.In this case, it would have been further battle.I liked the woman & brothers parts, very good.The battle scenes were interesting, good effects.The drama, relationships & character building were excellent.The special features were eye opening.We have an experienced general whom knows how things really work, but he's played by the lords.If you know someone is crooked, you don't trust them, PERIOD!The ending of the movie was BS.Being killed by your brother ...Hello, were the general's eyes open?Don't trust anyone.It would have been far more convincing if the general was mysteriously assassinated with no face shown, then show the ending historical facts."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Awesome show, but does it bother anybody else that most historical shows always have Brits and their accents? Come on, I'd like to see more Americans in shows that are taped, produced and marketed here, call it a plea for the actors I know here. In reality if America is the modern likeness of Rome then it makes much more sense as well. I wonder what the Romans would sound like? Maybe Italian/Greek accent seems feasible. Anyways it's a good show, I just get sick of the whole British thing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Because I like both history and historical fiction, I opted to watch this video and I'm very glad I did. Sometimes there was too much violence and sex, but history tells us that those were the two chief components of the Roman Empire. The BBC did an excellent job of presenting the positive side of Roman life as well--architecture, art, public works. The thought went through my mind: it's better to read it than live it. Then came the news broadcasts on TV and I'm wondering just how close we are to actually living it in 2014. Rather scary thought."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Very interesting concept, except it's almost Game of Thrones set in reality as opposed to fantasy. And really, if the sex/nudity weren't so prominent, I'd be more interested. I think you can make it obvious what's going on without graphic demonstration. Felt the same with The Tudors, Borgias, etc. I guess I'm feeling just change the names of the characters and the setting, just keep the same plot lines throughout all these shows. But it is a good show, I've just seen it before with different names and costumes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Being a student and author of historical fiction, I must say the British production companies do \"history\" better than anyone else. \"Rome\" is an outstanding production with well done story lines.The writers developed well-known, but rarely published facts about common Roman life; graffiti, treatment of slaves--and the love of blood. The realism is sometimes a bit \"raw\"--but accurate historically. Greeks loved beauty--Romans loved blood.The casting is excellent and the props superb! I first noticed Max Pirkis in \"Master and Commander\" (One of my favorite movies) and think the boy has a lot of talent. He is growing into adult roles well and we will see him in some excellent thought provoking roles--if his parents can protect him from \"Hollywood.\"Well done Brits! (American studios should be jealous!)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I think it was two years ago when I still had cable and HBO had one of their Free Sneak Weekends when I came across Rome.  I don't remember what season it was showing, but in the three or four episodes I watched I found it to be quite entertaining, even though somewhat lost with the story line and actors at this point, but still entertaining.  And now that Rome is available to Prime Members via Amazon, I'm looking forward to watching this series from the beginning.  I enjoy watching programs/movies/documentaries dealing with ancient history, especially the Romans and Greeks, Aztecs, Incas, and most of the others, especially if they're done well.  Refreshing to see how our ancestors lived without technology.  Most of these I watch strictly for sheer entertainment, and Rome, to me, is very entertaining..........so far.  Thanks Amazon!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Look if you think Rome was this grand place with no problems, you may have misunderstood that part of history. This really shows what life was like back then. It was a gory, sex-filled world where people did what they could to move up in society. For the record, there are some disturbing scenes of incest and murders. However, it is well done. Sadly, I would have liked for Caesar to have said that famous line in the last episode of this season.The few reviewers who say there is &#34;no rating&#34; must have missed the TV-MA square by each episode. This is intended for a mature audience, which is why HBO and BBC created it. Those networks are more likely to have things like this than normal American channels. If you want a lighter view on it, look for something by History Channel. This isn't for kids under at least 15."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "HBO and the BBC have really outdone themselves with this first season. A brilliant action-packed and highly  emotionally charged violent series doesn't just tell the story of the rise to power and death of Caesar, but portrays the most violent ancient Roman world, where we of today forget just how cheap life was back then. You see for yourself through the eyes of two centurions, who get wrapped up in the intrigue and as mere pawns tragically manipulated and toyed with by all levels of society.Joe Wocoski, Author"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really looked forward to seeing some of what looked like an epic historical series based on the Roman empire, but what I ended seeing was a lot of violence and sex, and that seems to be the major draw of the series.  Of course, a genuine Roman history buff might appreciate it more, and this series does have a certain epic quality about it.I could even cope with Romans speaking with British accents (what are British actors supposed to speak with?) if I had actually found a character or two to care about.  It seemed like everyone was callous and brutal, and maybe that's the way Rome was, but after sitting through the first episode of this first season, I found myself not wanting to watch any more.I'm sure Rome will go on without me, and my best advice is to find a way to \"try before you buy\" and plunk down a lot of money to find it's not what you expected."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is probably one of the greatest TV series ever made.  It lasted only two years but will be remembered far longer.  The first season covers the period of Ancient Rome from the split between Caesar and Pompey to the murder of Caesar on the senate floor.  The writing and acting is superb and was well thought out.  The creators learned about Roman History and paid attention to fact.  In addition they added two wonderful fictional characters based on real people who are barely known who bumble through the time period experiencing history first hand.  Attia is another character whom history has told us little about and she is fleshed out in the same way.  The fiction and fact meld into a facinating mix of storytelling.  I highly recommend this TV series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "HBO'S ORIGINAL AND AWESOME FIRST SEASON OF ROME IS A STYLISTICALLY AWESOME SPECTACULAR SERIES.EACH AND EVERY EPISODE HOLDS EVERYTHING FROM INTRIGUE TO ENGAGING ACTION AND ADVENTURE ALONG WITH MEMORABLE CHARACTERS THAT GO FROM ALL-TIME HIGHS TO ALL-TIME LOWS. SOMETIMES BRUTAL AND GORY, THEN BEAUTIFUL AND TOUCHING, ROME STANDS ALONE AMONG HBO'S NUMEROUS AND SOLID SERIES. AS SOPRANO'S WANES, ROME GROWS IN STENGTH AND INTENSITY.HAVING JUST WATCHED THE FIRST 3 EPISODES OF SEASON 2 - WHICH IS JUST GETTING BETTER AND BETTER - I HAD TO PURCHASE SEASON 1.IF YOU HAVEN'T WATCHED OR BOUGHT THIS AMAZING SERIES, THEN YOU ABSOLUTELY MUST. BELIEVE ME, YOU WON'T BE SORRY."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Movie, actors, scenery, sequences were excellent.While acknowledging it wasn't designed as a &#34;Prime Time&#34; series (sorry for the pun),  I grew very tired of the constant use of that ubiquitous &#34;F&#34; word.  History has recorded the crudeness of their vernacular, so the screaming reminders, tailored no doubt in reference to our own evolving society,  added little historical authentication or credibility.  In fact, I found it quite contradictory as most conversations were so grammatically proper."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love Rome. If you are looking for something enjoyable, historical and very close to real life, this is the video for you. I have read various stories on Rome and Cleopatra. The only thing I didn't like is their portrayal of Cleopatra. But, most of it is not about Cleopatra it really is a about Rome. I do feel their portrayal of various characters such as Cesar and other well know people of Rome is pretty close to how they are portrayed in historical books. They did pick good actors to portray these various characters. They portrayed each character like you would imagine they looked. Sometimes I felt I was there and couldn't wait to see what would happen next. Buy it you will not be dissapointed!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a very graphic story line that viewers should watch but be aware that there is lots of sexual and violence related graphics. It is however, very well done relating the story line without taking too much time in unnecessary (but there is some) sex scenes. Otherwise the graphic nature of the violence is the only other aspect to be aware of as it is not a normal t.v. show that holds back at some level. This show shows it all.... almost.That said, it is well done and worthy of watching all the same -- just go into it knowing that it will not hold anything back"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "For anyone who wants to really enjoy this five star, most excellent series, you won't see it on this cut down, over edited version.  Obviously the most recent batch of movie hackers have no appreciation for the hard work and supreme talent the origional ROME series was all about.  It's sad to see this happen again, during the first launch of HBO on Amazon.But the uncut disks, producers cut, and you won't be sorry.  Watch this version on Amazon, and you're missing 25 percent of the movie."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a series which has a nice twist to the run of the mill hard guy private investigator series. The main character is Vincent, a former detective with Scottland Yard, who is your typical hard guy, chip on his shoulder, private investigator. But there is a twist, he is going through a rough personal crisis, losing the women he loves to another guy, which causes him all kinds of struggles through out each investigation. This twist makes him very human and makes the series different from the rest. If you enjoy both a good private investigator series and a good drama series, you will enjoy this series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was probably the best season so far. Luckily I saw 200 & 201 when they were aired on TV (censored of course) but the fact that they are censored on DVD is complete BULL****!!!! I can't believe that Comedy Central released this DVD and still censored it.Usually I buy the seasons so I can watch them without commercials and UNCENSORED but I'm content with watching this season online for FREE. I returned this DVD to the store the next day. Comedy Central doesn't need my money anymore."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "though the songs get a bit repetitive.  Wonderpets is a cute show that follows three classroom pets as they help various animals (both real and imaginary) in need.  Each episode has two different segments to it that follow the same pattern and is easy for younger children to follow. There are nice messages here and it's very age appropriate for younger children (my 4 and 2 year-old love this show).  There is no fighting and very little conflict, and it teaches children to work together towards a common goal.  The songs are catchy and will get stuck in your head, but it's a good change of pace from Dora."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Victorious is a probably the best show out there the entire family can watch; this show is enjoyed by all of the kids in my neighborhood through high school and, as an adult, I enjoy watching it with my kids.  The jokes are pretty funny and what I really like the most as a parent is the show doesn't cross the line like a lot of children-focused shows seem to do with being a tad risqu&eacute;.  The singing is excellent!We have watched all of the episodes of this season for free via our Prime membership vs. the regular price of $29.99 for the whole season: not a bad deal!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In ZOMBIE FARM,  FBI scientists have developed a chemical agent that helps in their interrogations of suspected terrorists. Unfortunately, the drug has a wicked side effect. It turns people into -all together now- flesh-eating zombies! Not surprisingly, zombies are created, go on a rampage, and eat the living. Then, the water supply is contaminated w/ the stuff, causing further murderous mayhem! There's even a zombie mailman on the loose! Luckily, the local muscle-bound, psycho has lots and lots of guns! Oh yeah, there's a group of cannibal hillbillies running around as well. They eat rats. If only they had eaten the sole existing print of this &#34;film&#34;..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Little Bear and his friends - Owl, Duck, Cat, etc. are lovable and cute - the stories are engaging and make for fun viewing for little ones. Little Bear is one those kids' shows that you don't feel guilty letting your young child watch - it has good language, endearing characters that appeal to young children, and good production values without over-loud music and garish colors.The language is clean, and the characters, i.e. Little Bear and friends, are truly endearing. My daughter loved watching the episodes when she was three. This is a good production for young children, and a value buy. Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "ZOMBIE NIGHTMARE is yet one more example of cinematic agony. So horribly made, so terribly written, soooo dire all around! Plot: A group of juvenile delinquents, led by an insufferably annoying Leif Garret clone, run over a muscle-bound Eddie Van Halen double w/ their van. No problem! A local voodoo practitioner raises him from the dead, sending him on the universe's most hideously dull rampage of vengeful slaughter. Yep, this is a gift from the ultra-schlock gods! Mike and the bots have their fun, making the best of this otherwise abysmal disaster. This is one video so toxic, that it's best left to the professionals! It's up there w/ GIANT SPIDER INVASION on the biohazard scale! Though one could attempt to watch the non-MST3K version, it's really not worth the risk... P.S.- Watch for Adam \"Batman\" West in perhaps his most bombastic role... As a cop!... W/ a moustache!..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "From the bleak, broken world with its tiny personal living spaces and small pleasures, to the twisted plot that our character finds himself drawn into, this little gem is well worth your time. The animation is as strange and intriguing as the picture on the front, with realistic over-sized faces attached to inadequate bodies. The main character's deadpan acting adds a sublime sense of resignation to this futuristic view of life under corporate control. How interesting that this viewing coincides with the corporate destruction taking place off the coast of my state in the Gulf of Mexico. Seeing the power of a huge corporation first hand makes Metropia seem all the more possible."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This stylish Swedish animated film is about a terrifying, paranoid, dystopian conspiracy set in Europe in 2024.  The world is running out of oil and the Trexx Corporation has connected all the undergrounds, or subways, together into a gigantic network.  Roger (voiced by Vincent Gallo), a Stockholm call center worker, avoids the underground and blatantly, defiantly rides his bike to work.  Sometimes Roger hears voices in his head.  Roger soon discovers that Trexx and a vast consumerist conspiracy control his life down to the smallest detail.  With the help of beautiful super model Nina (voiced by Juliet Lewis), Roger attempts to break free.  An unusual animation technique manipulates real photographs.  This film, directed and co-written by Tarik Saleh reminds me of the best works of Terry Gilliam, Roy Anderson and others.  It's like a weird but lucid dream."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As a Jew I was shocked by the bigotry of this piece of trash.  It's been a long time since I've seen such crude stereotyping of us.  This is not a well-written finely observed comedy.  The anti-semitism isn't strident, but couched in a series of lame jokes.  At one point of emotional breakthrough, the muslim main character purposefully punches out a rabbi while he is praying.  It's hard to imagine that Muslims would be happy with this either, as the main character is certainly made out to be woefully uneducated about other faiths.  What a piece of dreck.  (Look it up in an Yiddish dictionary!)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best Dr. Who episode ever, and the saddest. I hate to see Davd Tennant leave. A great actor, who brought a much needed emotional depth to the Doctor. With David Tennant's Doctor, you could see the Joy, Agony, sadness, anger, and sometimes the helplessness of the Doctor. The new Doctor is okay, but lacks that emotional connection, and he is a little too nerdy but not as much as the 7th Doctor. I do wish the producers had explained who the time lord women was to the Doctor?  I know some people did not like how David Tennant Doctor said \"I'am Sorry\" to those he could not help, but I think that just showed his humanity, what was he suppose to say \"Oh well, just your luck\". I for one liked his emotional attachmet."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Though these were the last of 10's reign as the Doctor, they were done SO well.  I started watching again with #9 Chris Eccleston.  He was FANTASTIC (hehe) definitely a warrior, but with a soft spot just big enough for Rose Tyler to enter.  After his regeneration into #10 (Tennant) you see the warrior remain, but with more of a loving side.  Tennant's range of emotion, his depiction of a complex character who must travel alone, but longs for companionship - is just hands down incredible.  I don't think there was one episode where I didn't wind up tearing a little by episodes end.  You gotta love a Time Lord with a passionate love for humanity.  Doctor Who #10 is Brilliant!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I wish I understood why the Doctor needs to regenerate as often as he does. David Tennant, to me at least, is the best of all the Doctors. These specials are a joy to watch. The stories are interesting and the characters can hold one's attention. I miss this incarnation of the Doctor and hope he is still out there in this or some alternate universe battling Daleks, Cybermen, Weeping Angels and all the rest. Fortunately, this Doctor makes house calls. Once he does, you'll feel a lot better. Make an appointment and have him over. You won't regret it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My kids love this show, especially my toddler, because of all the fun songs and music throughout the show.  The bright colorful characters and quick stories keep their attention.  This show  was partly created by a member of an 80's rock band and each show features a different band like Devo, Weezer, etc singing fun songs. We like the Aquabats a lot!  But be warned, some of these songs are so catchy, they will stay in your head and you will find yourself waking up singing it or humming it at work like my husband!! Co-workers just may not understand....overall, an energetic show with valuable lessons and gets the kids up dancing!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My daughter, now five, loved watching Yo Gabba Gabba from right around the time she turned two years old. Now our son is two and has just discovered YGG for himself. He loves it! Both kids enjoy the music, color, and the dancing. They never sit still for long when YGG is on. They immediately jump up and start dancing and singing along. This show is a little out there with the costumed characters and DJ Lance but reminds me a lot of &#34;Zoobilee Zoo&#34; on PBS when I was a kid so I get nostalgic watching YGG with my kids. We're big fans of the show. Hopefully more seasons will become available on Amazon Prime soon but, in the meantime, my kids are perfectly happy to watch the same episodes over and over again!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My daughter found Yo Gabba Gabba several years ago and I let her watch a few episodes but then stopped because it jumps around visually too often and is not good for kids under three or four.I let her watch them now that she is 4.  She loves music and there is a lot of that.  The characters are entertaining and colorful, the lessons are good life lessons, and the show is usually upbeat.  I especially like the &#34;Party in the Tummy&#34; song and use it to get my kid to eat things she would rather leave on the plate.  I also like the &#34;germs&#34; song but I can't remember if that is in the first season or later.Fun show but the first season might be seizure inducing in very sensitive kids, they toned it down in subsequent seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought this season was okay.It was still a cute romantic comedy/dramedy type of show.The problems that Gavin and Stacey faced were realistic.Although,they were handled in a ridiculous manner in some instances,it did not take anything away from the show.The last episode was a bit too predictable,but it tied in with the premise of the show and wasn't disappointing.I rated it a bit down for predictability,but then again,it is a comedy and we'll worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Always on the lookout for quality children's programming for our family, my wife and I fell in love with this show.  I think I like watching it even more than the kids.  We typically stick with educational shows, which I do not believe this would fall into, but consider this to be a quality show.In addition to its innocence, this show is full of great songs and really encourages imagination.  It is very well thought out, with sub plots of each episode neatly relating to one another and all tying together.This is GREAT stuff!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have no idea, but they did it! David Tennant is BRILLIANT! He may not be the best-looking actor in the world (so say many of my teen and twenties friends), but his talent and the character of the Doctor make him the sexiest! I think he's gorgeous! His interaction with Billie Piper is breathtaking and even though I despise chick-flicks and romance type stories, I think the love story between the Doctor and Rose is the most emotion-grabbing I have ever experienced. I hate to admit it, but I cried... more than once! and so did my hubby, and all our college aged friends!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "*SPOILERS!*This is my favorite Doctor Who season and the chemistry between the tenth Doctor (David Tennant) and Rose Tyler (played by Billie Piper) is outstanding.  I love watching them sing the theme to Ghostbusters, laugh together, and when Rose is possessed during a trip to the hospital, watching her throw herself at the Doctor for a kiss and he seems completely startled but as she walks off he mumbles  \"Yep, still got it.\"  XD  David/Billie - you guys are awesome!Season 2 is a must for Doctor Who fans."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There are three different versions of the song. The game itself keeps her occupied as everything she clicks on does something! There is an airplane that flies around the room, a telephone that rings and is plays a message, the lamp turns off the light and you see the monkeys eyes going up and down in the dark, a dog that barks when you click the window and then chases a cat out from under the bed every third time, the picture on the wall becomes an interactive portrait, the traffic light stops/starts the monkeys jumping, alarm clock rings, plant grows (and produces bananas), ball bounces, toy truck rumbles and honks.... lots to keep a toddler occupied! Oh! The monkeys jump on and fall off the bed! Mama calls the doctor, etc! It's great."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "does not let you sample only for a sec. if you download  it to computer it talk your music you have try to sell it back to too. if you join with a membership and if you don't pay they  sell your music on your computer . how when you combine your to there player . i know cause the did it to me had rhapsody a long time unit  it happen i close the account . don't mine paying. but not for music i have  before that . had the old look . at the time now it worse"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been a subscriber to Rhapsody for more than 5 years.  The selection of music in the genres that I like to choose from is adequate...nothing great!!!  I only stay with them because I need to update the license every 30 days or so in order to listen to the music I have downloaded to my MP3 player.  But I am giving serious consideration to going to an alternative music source.  Reason you asked...the software is very &#34;unstable&#34; in my opinion.  It frequently locks up at the most inopportune times.  Obviously, this requires restarting the software program and reloading what I had already begun.  It happens so often, that it has become a pain in the backside.At this point, I would not be strongly recommending Rhapsody to others."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is great!  It has a daily verse, a daily reading plan and then a whole list of daily devotionals, both audio and written.  I usually check out the Our Daily Bread audio podcast from here instead of going to odb.org and read My Utmost for His Highest (no longer available! :-( But still appears in list for some reason).  There is also a place to seach the bible by verse or keyword.  Many of the popular versions are available including NIV, NKJV and NASB.  Is exactly what is says... a Daily Bible!  Thanks for this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "ok I don't have this version of the Bible app. I have the you version but anyway I read the reviews and am totally shocked!! do some people really not know what the Bible is and think its fiction!!! I am totally blown away by this. God is very real and he is our savior he also gave us free will. so you are free to choose your path and what you believe. however he loves us all anyway and should you ever come to God he will welcome you with open arms. God bless"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works for the most part if you're reading, but I like to listen to the Bible while driving.  It's nice that it even has audio because none of the other free bible apps I know of offer that.  My only beef is that sometimes the audio works, and sometimes it doesn't.  I guess it's not the app's fault.  Probably has something to do with the Sprint cellular network I'm on.  I would have preferred to have an option to save the files on my phone as opposed to getting them off the web every time I open it.  That way I'd have instant access to it.  I gave three stars however because despite its problems, the price is right."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "GET THIS APP!  If you desire to gain more knowledge about the Bible and to be able to do it on a daily basis, I would highly recommend this app because it keeps you on track and you can both read and listen to it either at home or in your car.  This is an awesome app also because it has several great features that make it better than other similar apps.  Unfortunately, you can't get this app for the Apple system, but if you have a Kindle or Android you are set.  I highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "greetings fellow amazonians from here at the Nashville city holding cell. this is not where I live, but I was extradited to here because a previous public nudity charge.anywho I was here and pretty bored so I looked up the faotd. I was a little worried that bubble defense 2 was not good to download and play in jail, but boy was I wrong. even though the game is a little lame the guys here don't care. some of them have been sitting here since the first. iphone came out and didn't know that this stuff exists. what was great I could use this game as a new currency which is really making my stay here pretty nice. thanks amazon for making my stay in jail an enjoyable one!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the first tower defense (TD) game i've played and it's an enjoyable game.  Most of the negatiave reviews are from people that don't understand the concept and were to lazy to try to understand...or perhaps just trolling, big surprise.  The initial towers you can purchase shoot once.  As you earn more coins you can upgrade to better towers, power stations etc.  Anyways, the game looks simple in appearance, but again it's just a simple TD game for your phone.  The two things i don't like were the instructions didn't mention that you can upgrade during waves, not just between waves.  Also, I couldn't slide towers across my screen.  I could only move them by touching the spot on my screen where i'd want them.  This was tedious at times because the tip of your finger isn't as accurate as if you were using a stylus.  Sliding would have been much easier.  HTC Thunderbolt stock."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Those of you who like tower defense games are likely to enjoy games where creeps get progressively stronger, and towers that are adaptable, upgradeable and offer a variety of armaments. This app doesn't offer much - it is a clunky game that lacks finesse, especially in level and unit design.The most frustrating part is that the towers are slow. They fire a single shot, and then take forever to reload. And thats plenty of time for a herd of bubbles to go whizzing by. Not much of a defense. It takes a while to figure out that you need to build and upgrade power stations to recharge your towers so they can fire more than once. The instructions aren't too helpful, either. The touchscreen is also laggy at times, which adds to the frustration.It might be easier to just include a button that lets you wave a white flag and surrender, rather than wait patiently for inevitable annihilation.There are many better TD games out there. This one is mediocre, at best."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Standard TD game, set your various type of towers, be sure to set-up power stations to keep your towers firing and as you accumulate money you can upgrade or sell and change your towers. Different type towers are needed for different types of baloons traveling the course. Bright colorful graphics show up well on Kindle Fire. There are a dozen or more layouts and about 5 difficulty levels so lots of replay value although I feel the regular price a bit high, in other words I probably wouldn't have paid the price but it's definitely a good app as the free app of the day. Thank you Amazon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is fine, eve if the graphics aren't great. I started the game read the directions and played just like any other game. The tower don't just shoot once, they start slow and progress as you play.I hate that the dev is getting slammed with lies but the one star reviews are not true, read the directions and the game plays fine. Amazon has been completly run over with trolls and you people wonder why the apps are mostly low quality.the price is way too high, but the game is fine. Too bad this dev has already been destroyed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For everyone saying the towers only fire once, you need to learn how the game works. One of the first things the game tells you is that you need a power station. That is a poor concept, and without the power station your towers only fire once. The power station &quot;recharges&quot; your towers, but can't handle a lot of them unless you upgrade the station. I gave it a one star for no sound, poor instructions, no real options menu, the use of a &quot;power station&quot; that costs a much as a basic tower and is required, and really for just being a bad game.To the devs, if you are going to force the player to use a power station for the towers either lower the cost or raise the amount of gold players start with."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was excited to try this game when I saw that it was a tower defense game but, this was a sad disappointment. Even with directions, the game play didn't any make sense.Only one tower can fire one shot. Then that tower is useless. All the while 20 balls fly by it.. I couldnt win one game to save my life...And, that was the EASY mode!The really sad part about this game?  Prior to it being Amazons FAOTD, they were actually charging people $2.99 for this!If I could rate zero stars,  I would...."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't know if the people who created this app are crazy or just people who want to pressure America.  well to get my point across loud and clear &quot;LOOK AT THE PHOTOS OF THIS APP&quot; and u will relize the Leicester of garbage this app really is.  its not tower defense.  and the name of the game shouldn't be called bubble defense because you are nit defending the enemy Wichita is the bubble.  anything would be a better name than that.  so just by that, u can tell that the game is inexperienced and just by the photographs, u can tell that this game has bad graphics and for all you know, this may not even be a tower defenestration's!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app simply latches on to Google maps and doesn't give you the functionality. Your phone has a timer and has Google maps.I'm all for duplicating what your phone already has but if your going to do it, it better be better than  what you already have (ex. sms vs handcent, go sms, etc) . If you want to find your car open Google maps star the location go away forget where you parked fire up Google maps again and look for the star on the map again.As for a timer there are a ton of free timers in the market there's one on your phone as well in the clock. Set a count down timer on your phone for the meter and your done."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "well true or not the only place i &quot;lose&quot; my car is in the sea of walmart parking.... but i need to protect my contacts. i dont need them busting down my door with pitch forks and torchs. would be nice to be leaving walmart and find my car, guess i&apos;ll stick to pressing the panic button. 3 star for the good idea, minus 2 star for the probable violation in privicy. happy free app of the day amazon, now that i will be able to cook, golf and wouldnt lose my car if this didnt look suspicious thanks to the free of of the day 4 days running (the star chart one would even let me read about it from lack of capatibility)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "To the person wgo thought this was a stolen car finder, you&apos;re an idiot! This is for when you go to the mall and forget where you parked. The conspiracy theorists who say the dev steals your contacts are also idiots. Amazon does a lit of research and testing on their apps before putting them on here and ESPECIALLY when putting an app as the free app of the day. Personally, I&apos;m super happy that this is the faotd because I&apos;ve been wanting it, but couldn&apos;t justify paying $5 for an app that I won&apos;t use that often."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As a disabled mother of 3 I'll often opt to leave my wheelchair in our van on short errands and risk walking to save the hassle of the chair while with the kids.  Unfortunately, doing that usually leaves me exhausted and in pain making remembering where we parked very difficult. Having one less thing to have to remember at the end of a shopping trip with the kids, regardless of whether I'm in my chair or not, is remarkably helpful.  All of that said, remembering where the car is isn't my favorite feature.  Being able to share where I am with my husband when I get tired when we're out, especially out with the kids, and have gone in different directions to save time is a Godsend.Not only is this app a convenience, but it's actually helped me feel more independent and more safe."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just read a review that someone&apos;s pissed that this app cant find your car if its moved\\/stolen. Oh man...can you people READ?? First, do you see a tracking device for your car that magically appears when you download it? Oh, you don&apos;t? Well then THATs why it isnt tracking your car. Its to find your parked car where you left it. Secondly look at the details you 1 star trolls. It needs that permission to do its thing. You really think the dev left ALL these comments and gets off on secret pictures of your cars? Yeah, okay. :) App works great."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app!! It's not something that I'll use a lot, but is a must for when you do need it! I recently used it for the first time at the Georgia vs Florida football game in Jacksonville, FL. If anyone has been there, you know parking is crazy an you may be a mile from the stadium if you don't want to pay $50 or more for parking, which I don't! I was in a new town, with cars an people everywhere, not really knowing where I was. The app marked my car perfect, an i could even see the sidewalk that was by my car on the map. The app actually showed the stadium too so I knew which direction to walk. When the tailgating party an game was over, it led me right back to my car perfectly!! Everyone that rode with me was highly impressed with the app, and so was I. Thanks for this awesome and helpful app!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Definitely not worth it since it only locates the car 60-70% of the time. Sometimes it is spot on but other times it is WAY OFF.Originally installed this on my Optimus S about a year ago but it didn't always find the car, and it was a HUGE battery hog, so I uninstalled it back then.I thought maybe the app has been updated in past year and the problems would be fixed, so I downloaded the newest version and tried it again. Still the same problems. The app is constantly running in the background and seriously drains the battery. It runs in the background even after rebooting the phone, and restarts itself even after being force closed. Obviously the dev doesn't care since it's been just over a year and a lot of people are still complaining about the same things they were 1 year ago.Great idea but poorly executed. Pity, I really hoped the app would have worked right after all this time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I been testin this app all day and can honestly say it don't work. When I first seen this app I was extatic. See, I live in the hood and cars are all the time gettin stolen. So to test this app, I had my girlfriend take my car to various places at the mall and drop it off. This app only took me to the place I left my car - everytime. I don't need to know where I left my car, I parked the thing! So either I'm just missin the point, or this thing don't work. Deuces."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I LOVE this app!  I can check TV listings whenever I want, wherever I am (as long as I have WiFi) without even turning on the telly!  I can choose the time of day I want to watch, I can read a synopsis of the programs, and set reminders for the shows I want to see.  I don't have to log in (otherwise I'd probably have just used the listings by my cable provider).  I can also remove the channels I don't watch.  That means if I'm watching to just relax I don't have to look at any of the news channels, financial channels, sales channels, or programs in languages that I don't understand.  This is really convenient and useful.  And best of all FREE!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use to pay for a TV Guide Magazine subscription until I found this app. This little app is excellent for those who just want to know what your listings are. It's easy to use. You can look ahead to see what is coming on later in the day, or the next day.I would give it a 5 star rating if it weren't for the fact that the app can be buggy on occasion. But hey --- it's free and it's so good in so many other ways, I'm not going to complain too much."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just got this as a free app.  I really do like the ease of use and its speed.  You can find info about over the air programs, satellite, and cable. You can narrow your search to only the channels you want.Maybe I just don't know how to save my choices, but when I switch between satellite and over the air (OTA) programs I lose my selection of favorite channels. Then when I switch back to OTA I have lost those favorites, also. This is the only drawback to this app that I see. If this problem was worked out (or if I find out how to do it right) I would definitely give it 5 stars.This is still a good app since my TV doesn't show me info on OTA programs in advance.Thanks to the developer for making this a free app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Long ago, we cut off the too-expensive pay for too many channels you'll never watch cable. We only get over the air channels now. It's rather quaint...there's a small selection of channels, but I typically find something on when I want to watch. It's like when we were kids....good sitcoms in evenings, family stuff in afternoons, kids stuff after school and cartoons on Saturdays, and garbage during the daytime except on one channel which runs stuff like Mr. Ed, I Dream of Jeannie, and McHale's Navy....real fun shows! This app helps us to see what's on. It's easy to browse since we don't have many stations. I set some timers for tomorrow to see how those work. I don't mind the ads as long as they don't flash ...developers need to get  paid for their service. More categories would be nice...Westerns please!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a very good app. Yes it is ad-supported, but the app is well worth using even with the ads. You enter your ZIP Code, pick your television provider, and boom - TV Listings. For further control, you can filter only the channels you want to see listed and move to any time of day you wish. I use this quite regularly, it is way quicker than watching the TV Guide channel and this app is far superior to the TV Guide official app (which is pretty bloated).UPDATE December 2 2013: The latest version of this app is severely crippled by a bug. You can filter out channels that you don't want to see in the listings, but the app forgets the channels you have filtered every time you launch it. To me, this severely decreases the usefulness of the app. I'll be looking for an alternative."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app used to be great. I used it all the time. It had an acceptable, nonintrusive banner ad at the bottom.Now due to massive ads, the listings take up no more than one third of the screen! Even when clicking on the ad and going to its website, it remains when returning to TV Listings.A previously great app is now essentially useless and beyond frustrating when you want to quickly see what's on television right now. All because of the developer's greed and complete lack of concern for its customers.This app currently has an average rating of 4 stars, which was well deserved before. It has no longer earned the right to be rewarded with a high rating nor to have customers show their support by downloading it.Until the developer has a change of heart, I urge everyone to refrain from downloading this useless program and that all past reviewers change their rating to one star... since, unfortunately, it is no longer a 5-star app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Was looking to find a easy way to see whats on tv at a glance.  Works better then any other apps.  Set it up to your area and then remove the channels you don't want and then whenever you bring it up its all up to date and ready to go.  Works well on my fire.  Would reccommend to anyone who can't always keep track of there favorite shows.  Tells you what the episode is about and if its an old or new episode.  Love it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Thanks Amazon. When I updated my PC to Windows8, I lost my Charter cablechannel tv guide app on my Kindle Fire and PC. it was really a struggle to get the channel guide and I didn't want to pay the $5 graft addition to Charter cable for the box to get the guide. Thus I found this app for my Kindle Fire TV Listings for Android which enables me to check the local cable channel guide while I am viewing my TV. Maybe small thing to others but a big deal for me since I like the basics. Thanks a ton! Amazon. If you are like me with extended basic cable and don't have the box to let you know what is on TV this is a must have for your android device."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like to always know what's on TV, and this app is perfect for that. The type of cable that I have has a 'guide channel' instead of one you can scroll through, and it circles through each of the channels VERY slowly. The music on this channel is also SO annoying, so I really wanted to find a way that I could just quickly look through the channels to find something good. I found a website that worked okay (titanTV) but many of the channel numbers or programs were often incorrect. I got this app just on the off chance that it would work better, and it DOES! It's so easy to use, and (thus far) everything it's said has been right. Fabulous app; a must for any avid TV watcher."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved this app &amp; used it daily.  You used to be able to pick just the channels you want to follow.  Alas... the &quot;new and improved version&quot; does not save the channels picked.  Yes you can pick the channels but when you go  back into the app all the channels you didn't  want to see are back.  The list is long to scroll thru if you are only interested in a few channels.  I have tried to save numerous times but it keeps bringing up all the channels.  I should have just stayed with the old version."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have tried so many Sudoku games on paper, web and on my Android Tablet. I wanted to learn the game. I always enjoyed the easier games. But none of the other methods guided me like Enjoy Sudoku has. There are so many hints that I can \"hint\" my way through the most difficult Enjoy Sudoku has to offer. Each time I 'cheat' I learn more about methods to achieve a full correct grid.I didn't know until today that there was a paid version. I have been playing the free version all along. For all my enjoyment I bought the paid version and am still as happy with the results. There is no better game out there! I've tried! Maybe someday I will be able to call myself a Sudoku Master! ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I grabbed this app when it was the free app of the day, and it's one that's certainly worth the price. The controls are intuitive, there's variety in difficulty, the highlighting is great (which you can turn off if you want), and the way hints are done is unique- they really are hints, and not just flat out giving you answers. They've actually helped me get better at sudoku in general. I love the autopencil settings- autoerase isn't a feature I'd seen elsewhere."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app provides ample sudoku puzzles at several levels (Picnic, Simple, Easy, Moderate, Intricate, Difficult, Annoying, Devious, Fiendish, Diabolical, Nightmare) of play.There are no ads, unobtrusive or otherwise. (C'mon guys- an ad is by definition obtrusive!)It has a simple, clean interface. The default for the \"Another\" button a new game at the same complexity level as the last one.It does not require network access in order to play.Best of all it runs on my Galaxy Tab 2 just as Amazon's compatability sidebar said it would. I have removed all the other sudoku games from my device, it's that good!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played this game on the iphone for a couple of years and tried most of the variations offered on their store.  The choices on the android have been limited however I never found this one until Amazon offered it today. I snapped it right up to try so I could offer a quick review.This is a great app for working these puzzles with several options you can switch on or off. I highly recommend it if you like these kinds of puzzles.My iphone app could take a picture of a puzzle in the newspaper and convert it to a playable game. I'd love to try that with the superior camera I have now but this app can't do that.  So, I went with 4 stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played a lot of Sudoku apps, both on the Android and the iPad.  And so far, hands down, this is the best one.  I would have been willing to pick this one up for three bucks if I didn't already have it for free (yay, free Apps on Amazon).What I love about this more than the other apps is that you choose a number then the square you want to put it in.  Usually it is the opposite.  When you choose the number all the spots you've already chosen that number light up, making it easy to see if you are making a mistake or not.So, full marks for having something that is fun and challenging, giving a lot of options, and properly using all of the screen real estate to the best of its potential.  If you love Sudoku you HAVE to purchase this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have had the free version for over a year now.  I never bought it because one puzzle a day is plenty for me.  I think I tried every sudoku option out there on the market a couple of weeks ago because I was seeing if there was something better but didn't find anything that offers all the features this one does.  Although I will say sometimes the hint system doesn't explain the strategy as well as I would like (When it teaches you what to look for).Oh, and I just found out its compatible with my Xoom...excellent!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I play sudoku in a magazine and on my Kindle. 2 previous games were more tedious to use. One occassionally fouled up so that I couldn't even finish the game. This one has 2-3 options for how to use the pencil mark and guess for a square. It also has several helps, which I have an option to use or not at my preference. I do like the option for the software to tell me if there are errors and then if I want them fixed, I tell it to fix, but I don't have to. I also like that when I am working on 7's (for example) all of the sevens on the board are highlighted and all of the 7 pencil marks are also highlighted. This adds another level of testing for accuracy and guessing."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is very enjoyable and it can be very challenging. What I really like about It is that it helps a great deal in learning to play Sudoku correctly. There is a very good tutorial included.  I have only played the free game so far, but I am going to buy the paid version right now!! You should get this if you want to learn how to play the correct way, instead of guessing sometimes.  It is also pretty easy to understand. I have tried many of the Sudoku games out there, but this is by far the best!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For playing sudoku, this is a good game - a nice variety of difficulty levels, and an unlimited supply of games (in practical terms, at least).For me where this shines is in the hints.  I've been playing Astraware Sudoku (on another platform) for years, and on the highest difficulty levels, always got to a point where I guessed which number an open pair represented with pencilmarks, backtracking if I picked the wrong number.  With Enjoy, I'm using the hints to learn how to use logic tricks instead of guesswork."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really wanted to like this app. It works great on my Thunderbolt, the music is fine, the graphics are sweet and fluid, and the gameplay is all I had hoped for from a side scroller. The controls petty much killed it for me, though: no matter what you do, the ship lags behind where you tell it to go, and that means you don't shoot the targets, and you eat the incoming bullets.Trusting the life of my little ship and its crew to the accelerometer is as bad an idea as one would expect, but the only other option is to cloak your ship with your finger: an act that does little to hide you from the enemies, but does a fair job of obscuring your view, making this difficult and annoying to play. And at the end of the day, those at not words to describe a game that will keep me coming back for more. Which is sad, because it has everything else going for it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Everything about this game appeals to me except for the controls. I generally don&apos;t like motion control but I gave it a fair shot before switching to the option where you control the ship movement with your finger. That was disastrous. For one thing, you can&apos;t see the ship because your finger completely covers it. That wouldn&apos;t be too horrible, but the nail in the coffin was very poor responsiveness in this mode. \\nToo bad, really. I think they did a fine job making a great looking side scrolling space shooter, but ultimately if you&apos;re like me, you won&apos;t like using motion control in this format. \\n2. 5 stars"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This little word game has enough options and variety to make it a very nice challenge.  It is very simple to learn and you can easily end up spending hours challenging yourself to flex your vocabulary \"muscles\".The app takes up less than 1 MB of space on my Kindle Fire (which doesn't have or need a SD card) so I didn't lower my rating becasue of the size of the game.I would give it 5 stars except for the lack of a multiple player mode.  I think it would be even more fun if you could have the added challenge of an opponent.  Maybe they will add that option to the game, but in the meantime it is worth a try if you are at all fond of word-related games.  A very good FAOTD choice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app contains 3 word games. However, as others have mentioned, there don't seem to be levels. Each game is scored, but high scores aren't saved anywhere. Also, unlike other word games, exiting the app ends the current game, rather than pausing it for later. That is my biggest concern. I like to go in and out of games over the course of days.As it is, it's ok for free. I wouldn't pay full price until they updated this app with some basic features."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It works as well as it can on my device. it can be calibrated and it can display gridlines.  it will display the angle a well as the 'bubble' and can also display other units such a in/ft.  it displays full screen on my tablet.  my tablet is a viewsonic gtablet and has aknown issue where the accelerometer axes are not set up as they are in other devices so i can't set up calibration on two sides at once, but I cannot fault the app for that; I need to flash a custom rom. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I had downloaded this app on my Kindle Fire just to check it out and thought it was fairly decent.  It was about 2 weeks later when I was putting up a shelf and my actual level was not in the tool box or anywhere else I looked. Then I remembered I had this app and grabbed my Kindle, stood it on its side on top of the shelf, made the needed adjustment and secured it to the wall. Later that day when I finally came across my level, I double checked to see how accurate it turned out and it couldn't have been any more level than it was. I am impressed and although it may only come in handy once in a great while, it still is a very useful app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "A very versatile tool! Amazing what a great idea! Thanks! Very handy anytime, I have given the 3D level 'a good going over' I can assure that it is very accurate, a very ingenious way to eliminate those long obnoxious levels.  (legal way to  have your cell phone on the job) tool!  Who would have thought to put a real time level in a cell phone? (in my case the construction company that I work for carries insurance on my cell phone because it is a work tool).Tea Kies CooperProvo, Utah"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So, I read the description and I'm psyched, right? Just what I'm looking for! Well, not quite.I always go through the reviews before installing. But I always download because I want to be ready to pounce. Even despite the reviews I was like, &quot;Huh, maybe it will still work.&quot;  My dissapointment set in when I went to install it and the permissions were far more reaching than the capabilities of not only the descriptions but the reviews.This app wants to read my messages? It wants to read my system log? Why? It wants unintrusive access to everything on my phone which, if it's replacing the Droid OS, I understand BUT when I look at the reviews and the full capabilities of the app it makes me extremely nervous. It's just this side of jailbreaking my phone as it is, no reason to invite trouble where it isn't needed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I always appreciate when people think outside the box and try to give a new perspective on things.  With this app though, I think more personal preference was put into the design and layout, rather than thought about what others would enjoy or find useful.Then again it could just be me.  I couldn't get used to the home screen diamond navigation or the quick access buttons.  I found them all rather clunky and hard to use.  The list of apps organized into running, services, recent waas nice.Overall the whole interface ran slower that the default one, and made the choice to uninstall a no brainer.  Better luck next time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a Motorola ATRIX and just got the 2.3.4 Gingerbread update. IMHO this update makes this program unnecessary. I spent hours working to get the dxTop close to what I already had with the Android OS and the dxTop was still inferior. To make matters worse is that a few hours later, the dxTop lost my settings, so I would have had to do it all over again. I uninstalled it and am quite happy to be using the Android homepage once again. I am glad that I got it free or I would have been upset. Perhaps a more seasoned pro could make it work, but for me, no thanks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ugh. I had always just had the default interface and felt it was fine, but my brother does a lot of customizing with his myTouch 4G, so I thought, &quot;Eh, why not try it out?&quot; Never again will I try to change the home layout. This app is so clunky! I hated every interaction I had with it, and I can't believe anybody would pay $3 for this piece of crap.Do yourself a favor and leave this one alone. Terrible, terrible, terrible."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't understand why all the negative reviews. This is a very good home replacement app. I've used every alternative out there and while this is definitely not the best it's nowhere near the worst. Just because it's different and you don't know how to use it doesn't mean it's a bad app.  There's no way I'd pay anything for this app, not with GO being free and a much better option, but for free dxTop certainly deserves a download. My advice, ignore the bad reviews and try it yourself. It's free for f's sake!And to the reviewer below me, no, this app did not break your phone. If you believe that is even possible you need to immediately post your EVO on craigslist and go buy an iPhone."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Most of the time you get close to nothing for 'nothing' but this free little app actually does what you would expect it to do. It gets you police radio conversation (even comes with a 10-codes translator file). It lets you:- set alerts based no the number of people listening to a specific scanner- mark your own favorites- finds stations 'near you' based on your location- has a top-50 list based on the number of listeners- lets you browse by area (in 15 countries), genre and source- shows 'new additions'- at least on a tablet's large screen the ads are small and unobtrusiveOn my XOOM (Android 3.2) I am able to continue to listen to the police talk while running other tasks such as browsing the Web or writing emails.Good work. Recommended."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been listening to scanners since they had crystals in them! Now they are trunked and newer scanners are expensive. Then I got a HTC Hero and this app and got the Scanner pro for free when they offered it. You can use it anywhere, anytime. I love both of them, free and pro and you can run them at the same time. If it is busy, it can by messy listening tho, :)But I love everything it does and hope it will do more. I would love to volunteer. Would love WSP too. A must have app for scanner lovers! Never had any problems with the actual app either, lots of work went into it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I never expected this scanner to be so great. I pick up police, fire, EMS, railroads.....from my area and from several different states as well. And the reception is super clear. I bought a scanner for a few hundred dollars last year and returned it - it was terrible. But this free app on my Kindle Fire picks up everything and all I have to do is type in a city name or county! Easy, fun and free. No trouble with installing it or using it at all.I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is amazing and FREE!! I could listen to this all night long. It picks up my local police station and you can't believe some of the stuff that goes on around town. The best time to listen to it is on weekends or holidays. It is very entertaining. Sometimes you just can't stop listening. Very addicting. There are complaints about it running down battery quickly, but I use this app on my kindle fire and it doesn't seem to use any more battery than any other open app. The other nice thing is that you can run this program in the background and still play other games or surf the Internet. I strongly urge you to give this app a try!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First let's make one thing clear. The application has NO control over what channels are available. The people rating it 1 star need to read.The scanner itself works great. It uses an online provider to get its data, which receives its data from individual enthusiasts.It is great to use for killing the time or listening to local events. It may be a data hog but there isn't really an easy way around it from a code point of view. Nonetheless, this application is worth the increased data use. If you have a wifi connection of unlimited data like myself there really is no reason to avoid downloading this application."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I just wanted to see if it works and it does. I took it off because I don't know if it might be illegal in this state as most everything probably is here. Have no use for it anyway. It works and can be adjusted to many different areas at least where I am located. I didn't know so many people were jabbering on the radio so much. I heard Fire, Police and a lot of unidentifiable jabber talk going on even late in the night. An old Ham or CB operator that knew the lingo would enjoy this thing. A friend of mine works in the Fire Department so I will have to find out if I can have this without cops going goofy on me somehow for some reason. Might be useful in an emergency?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is a lot of fun on a cell phone but it's even more fun to watch on your GoogleTV!! A lot of times when I have people over I'll put this app on in the background and we'll just socialize or have some drinks and every once in a while we hear some action that we get into. It's really cool as well that you can search the world for a city's radio to listen to. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is beucase on the free version, there are certain featuers that are lacking. i.e. you can't use the &#34;play/pause/stop&#34; button at the top of the screen unless you pay for it but you can still hit the back button and do the same thing if you want it to stop. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm fortunate to have RadioReference.com volunteers who broadcasting important feeds from my neighborhood.  My handheld transceiver has good range, but still doesn't pick up as much as the area police feed provided online.  Many areas I visit often have numerous feeds available, and is also helpful when I want to program frequencies into my transceiver.  I'm definitely planning on going Pro so I have access to more features, but the free version of this app is very feature rich and stable.  It does eat up the battery pretty quickly, even with earbuds, but I have plenty of adapters to keep my phone powered up.  I'm very pleased with the RadioReference.com Scanner Radio app, and heartily recommend it to an scanner enthusiast."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "3-25-13 -- I've always wanted a police scanner but they were too costly.  Kudos to the designer and to the volunteers who lend their scanners to provide this app.  The coverage of local police, fire and EMT service seems excellent, and the small ads are not too intrusive.  The site is very easy to navigate and a list of police codes is included.  There is even an archive if you want to review prior dates, but it requires a paid subscription so I haven't checked it out.  I find it hard to tear myself away from the live police chatter, even though it's usually quite routine.  Update 4-27-13 -- The alerts accurately tell you when there are more listeners than usual in a certain area.  Today I listened in on Australia loud and clear.  I'm impressed!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is another app that i cannot go without, I live in an area where we get fires, and this app is amazingly helpful, and i don't have to carry a scanner with me, all i have to do is start the app and select the channel and i'm listening just like that,this app does everything from citizen to fire and police and rescue channels, If you want to know what is going on around you but either don't own a scanner, or don't want to carry one this app is for you!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this app on both desktop and android and would rate it as &#34;functional, but nothing to write home about. Had to remove it from my phone, but that was because of RAM problems, not the app itself. It does have a few cool &#34;sister&#34; apps that are separate apps working in conjunction w/ it, but the app itself is about what you would expect. May very well work better on the Kindle hardware, but I don't see the point in purchasing a tablet when I have a smart phone, a laptop, and 2 desktops already. I personally prefer Adobe Digital Editions and the Nook apps (Barnes & Noble), but mostly just because I am more familiar, having used them both first, and I actually would rather have a paper book than any of them. If you need a decent reader app, this one is just as good as the next, so go ahead and try it out, just make sure to comparison shop."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As someone who used to own a kindle, this app falls far behind my expectations. The ability to read books, change font size, turn pages quickly is fine. It's the organization, or lack there of, that drives me crazy. I have no idea which books I've read, which ones I've not read. I can't put them into folders or categories like I could on my kindle. It would be nice to file books I've finished into a separate folder, or if there was a way to  tell which books I've read or not in the list of books. That's really irritating. My kindle fire it told me which books I've opened, and which ones were new. This app doesn't do that. I read at least 5 books a week and need a way to organize them, this app falls short."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I keep updating hoping to find some of what I think is essential for reading an ebook, but Kindle doesn't have what I need yet.I want to be able to choose my own font.  I find it very difficult to read in a serif font, but I can't change it.I want to be able to choose left justification.  If you need a large font full justification leaves too much space between words especially if you read on a small device.I want to be able to choose my font size.  The difference in sizes really jumps too much.  If I could choose the font size by number it would really help.Without even these basics, I don't find it very useful."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to like Kindle. The app was fast and reliable, and made it easy to read an ebook from Amazon on my Nook Color (with N2A).Then I bought a couple of new Kindle books, and Kindle (the app) would not download them unless I updated the app. The new app starts with a gray sphere and freezes there for a long time. Then it loads, and the default screen is not my library but the Kindle store with recommendations. A few buttons later I finally get to select my book and read it. Meanwhile, the app still doesn't allow you to group the books by topic.This spells the end of Kindle for me. I'll move my books over to Calibre, which doesn't try to sell anything and does allow for sorting books."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's an eReader app for books you've bought from Amazon, which I'm. sure you already know. For that purpose it works. It could definitely be better though.Amazon needs to sync personal documents as well as purchased books. If this is a mobile platform for my books why can't all my books come over? Some may point out that personal documents have delivery fees, but that is only using Amazon's 3G and this app uses our networks. Also, why not let us target our app instead of or along with our Kindle? This would require us to be given a unique @Kindle.com email address, but it could work.I also want the app to sync highlighted notes / clippings from when I read on my Kindle.Finally, I want to be able to highlight and share quotes from my clippings like on my Kindle.This app works, but not better than Aldiko and definitely not better than a real Kindle."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Will NOT launch AT ALL unless wifi connection is available. Had the app for about a month now. I can disable wifi (to save battery usage) after launching, but operation is significantly slower with eBooks already saved on device. The only thing this Kindle app does is download a giant list of arbitrary 'recommended' and 'best seller' cover pics that I have no interest in and cannot disable. All I wanted to do is read books from  a car or a park bench, for which this app is COMPLETELY worthless. Might as well stick to paper books. S#!*EDIT: Installed on an Android 4.0 device, and STILL won't launch, or even connect to kindle store."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Originally got this for my knock-off IPad (called YourPad) and it worked fine for a while, then got glitchy and wouldn't open the book.  Tried removing & reinstalling, however that didn't work.  Got out the CHEAPER knock-off (iBridge), installed Kindle for Android and it has worked PERFECTLY ever since (knock on wood).  I love that I can take my current reading material ANYWHERE and read while I'm waiting at the Drs office or whereever.  Not my favorite app, but probably the most used one."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This great app gives me access to all of my Kindle books when I am unexpectedly delayed at an appointment. This installed and runs without issues on my HTC EVO (Android v2.3.3).This has a lot of nice features like full color book covers, able to indicate and jump to the last location read in a book in progress (as long as your Kindle wireless was on), and ability to access the Amazon Kindle Store. It doesn't have the text-to-speech, but that is a minor consideration.I still prefer to read on myKindle, Wi-Fi, 6\" E Ink Pearl Display, but this is great back-up since I almost always have my phone with me.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Why on Earth did Amazon have to change the app?  By far, my most used App, Kindle for Android was as easy to use as the Kindle.  Now, I have to select the home tab to get to my books.  When I open the app, I'm opening to read. . .  not have suggestions shoved down my throat.  Amazon, you already have my business; please let me have my Kindle for Android app back.  Or, could you at least give me the option to not have selections glaring at me when I open the app?This was a 5 star app until the most recent update.  I understand that most people probably like the changes but how about considering those of us who don't?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I first downloaded this app on my blackberry, and I have read about 15-20 books from it. It's great, most people take their phone everywhere with them, so if you have a couple of minutes of down time at the doctors office, or waiting for your car to be serviced, this is an awesome app to have. I just downloaded it on my 7\" tablet, and it's even better than before, now with the larger screen size, it's no different than reading a paperback novel that you would buy in the stores now-a-days. You can get quite a few books from the Kindle Book store for the same price as 1 book retail in the stores. They have tons of free books, and alot more pretty cheap."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "To access your kindle books on an android tablet, this is the best way to do it. It's a little more cumbersome to get your books off the cloud, but once downloaded to your android (Galaxy tablet in my case), this works out just fine. On the Asus and Dell Windows 8.1 tablets (which are actually PCs), it's even more difficult to access the cloud for previously purchased books. I won't take any stars away for that, but only because there may be an easier way and I'm new to Win8 tablets. (Aren't we all?) Considering how many android apps there are, however, I am at a point where I can say that Android is far easier to deal with vis a vis Kindle and apps in general."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the one app that I use daily and has changed the way I read books.  I am the type of person that always has a book nearby and the Kindle app allows me to carry multiple titles in a very small package.  I went to Italy with several books loaded and it was nice to be able to read on the plane, tour bus, etc. without the weight of a book in my hand.  The app is very easy to use and I like the new updates; books are easy to find on the carousel.  This is the first app I loaded when I had to change phones recently... couldn't imagine my phone without it.  Even my 82 y.o. mother has gotten into the swing with her new phone.  She rarely makes calls but loves to have a book close at hand!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love using this app. It's become my very own personal best friend in the past months. There are drawbacks I don't like. Number one being that there are no page numbers and sometimes there is no way to navigate chapters. If you lose your place at times you have to flip through and hope to find it again or trial and error. There needs to be a page location that is not just 374 out of 1000, which doesn't reflect the page number. The other thing I don't like is that you can't organize your books. There is no way to make a book playlist by author or by name. I wanted to separate the same author books into the proper series to read by and it won't let me at all, which is frustrating. Other than that though, it is a good app and swiftly allows downloads of new items. Also multiple book bundles get a little wonky when trying to find another book within the bundle to read."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Kindle for AndroidIf you have a Kindle account and an Android device you need this app. Without it I couldn't read my ebooks on my Android. I have found that in using an Android tablet, in my case it's a Pandigital SuperNova, you should have your Amazon Kindle archive account listed as a favorite in your browser. This way you can go to your book list and simply tell it to download to which device you are using.As with most anything you get or do with Amazon you can't go wrong. It's all good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Usually I carry my Kindle Fire with me to appointments for reading while taking up space in a waiting room, however, there are times when I am surprised with unplanned time waiting time (waiting for family members to finish shopping, etc.).  Those are the times that I really enjoy the Kindle App.  Several people have asked me how I get a Kindle book to open on my cell phone.  They are totally unaware of the Kindle App.  It is one of the best kept secrets by Amazon Kindle.  I think Amazon should do more open advertising of this hidden feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon, I've always loved my kindle. I still love my kindle. But the phone app preinstalled with no sign of upgrade or remedy crashes constantly, bringing up an annoying box I have to close.. In the middle of whatever I do. I didn't open the app, I didn't strain it's capabilities.. I couldn't even download a book I own .. Or even my library titles the only time I ever tried to use you weeks ago. What gives?????Please figure it out and get back to being my reading companion."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I find I go to the 'Table of Contents' often to reread a chapter or go to a favorite chapter. I was also using a Kindle Bible in church to quickly jump to the  'Table of Contents' then to the chapter (Book) I wanted. After this last update there is no '2 touch' go to contents any more. In fact the \"Table of Contents\" in the menu will not even take you to a  'Table of Contents'. To change books in the Bible I have to:1. go to the menu2. choose Navigation3. from there I can choose  'Table of Contents'4. choose book5 choose chapterBy then it is too late. Other books don't have a \"Navigation\" choice. How about a 'Go to  'Table of Contents' ' in the  'Table of Contents' tab...come on this is common sense. Why even call it  'Table of Contents' if it does not take you there."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The app is very useful for us that dont have a KNDLE, I install it in my NEXUS 7 to have access to AMAZON vast services and selections and it work very well, I activate a few magazine subscriptions and order books which I recomend specially to thouse like me that CAN'T tae full advantage of GOOGLE services because they dont offers them outside the US STATES.GOOGLE would not let me order, music,books,magazines or use services like Navigation etc etc, I just bought a new KINDLE HDX 7 due to GOOGLE limitations in my country which is a US territory. Let see when my KINDLES arrive !!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works very nice for my Kindle books, but haven't figured out how to (or if it's even possible) to have the computer read it like it did on my Kindle Keyboard.  Doesn't come up often, but I've kind of wished I had it available a couple of times.  That's the only drawback I see.It is very easy to navigate, and easy to put items on or take item off your device.  Actually, it's easier than with my old Kindle!  Easy to download your books from the cloud.  Easy, easy, easy!Love it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Due to publisher restrictions, some titles may not be wirelessly delivered to your device and instead require USB transfer from your computer to your device. These restricted titles also may not be accessed on Kindle reading applicationsThis quote appeared on my library's website as I was trying again and again to download a restricted book. I know kindle may not have much to do with this problem, but couldn't you provide some understandable documentation about how to download via usb to a computer in order to get it to an android reader, as opposed to a Kindle, or an off market reader? And what does the last line even mean?I never, ever get the drop down box to transfer to the usb and I can only assume it is the Android Device, but still, some documentation would help."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've had the Kindle app on my EVO phone since last November, about ten minutes after I got the phone. The app works smoothly, and I've had no problems with it at all. I enjoy having some books with me on my phone; it's surprising how often I read something using the Kindle app on my phone when I'm waiting for an appointment somewhere. I still carry and use my Kindle 3, but this app has turned my phone into a very handy supplement to the Kindle. Syncing to the \"furthest location read\" between and among my Kindle-equipped devices has always been easy and accurate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have this on my Arnova tablet and it works well.  Very easy to use and understand.  Amazon is one of my fav sites and has made my life so much easier.  My only complaint is that on my tablet I cannot read the first or second sentence on the top of each page b/c there is a status bar there.. At one point last week it went away and i had the book on my entire screen but i have no idea how i got it that way and it hasn't happened since then.  If anyone knows how to fix this i would greatly appreciate the help!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't know where I'd be without both my Kindle and my new Kindle Fire!  I bought my first Kindle when I had my shoulder op. Wow,  how have I ever managed without it? But be WARNED,  if you start a library,  make sure you keep your old email address and password if you decide to change your email address to a new one.  Libraries are not transferable.  I DID NOT KNOW THAT!  Now I have two libraries. Something Amazon needs to work on. Just sayin'"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app wouldn't download my songs to my 16gig SD card reliably, and when it did, it was epic fail. It &lt;&lt;NEVER>> imported all my music even though I checked carefully to ensure I hadn't gone over the level. It may have been something I am doing wrong, but I doubt it. The app asks you where you want the stuff loaded to, then arbitrarily decides where to load the stuff to. Save your time and money. I'm looking for a better solution, and in the meantime, I'm doing this the old-fashioned way. Hey! CDs!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Possibly inspired partly by long tap or click and hold gesture of GUIs. Might be nice or menacing, I'm not sure, if popped corn was replaced with new to pop. Something like pop up windows. Or for the paid sequel version 2 which has bread etc levels pop. Anyway got to work out fact that it is just a video game and people can't usually get their minds but so far out of the real life games they make money playing/hosting for others to play. I cared enough to vote. One star is more than zero. The that is my intuition. So I rebel against having to give more stars to rank it higher. An app that gets many votes is more valued or resented than, eh its not the place for this. Ok 2 stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Alot more apps have been release of late, but this was one of the first radio apps that I got to pick up international or US based internet radio stations. I wish the search option was better.  Maybe if hashtags were incorporated, it would help.  I don't like the fact that you have to pay for that.  The free version does the trick if you know what you are looking for.  Otherwise you might get a bunch of stations that you need to listen through before you get to what you really want.  The buffering is a bit bad.  I'd get alot of dropped signals when listening to stations in the gym.  Not sure if that is an app issue or the station stream."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can say that this is one of the best radio apps that I've used.  There are tons of different radio stations for your listening pleasure.  You are guaranteed to find something that you like. It's a quality app that I have had no issues with. Also, If you're worried about permissions, just email the developer or go to their website.  The developer is very responsive, which is rare sometimes, with other developers.  Also those sticky intents permissiosn is not only on this app, it's on other apps as well - especially apps that have an alarm function, such as this one.  At $4, this app is a deal. Pandora is $36 per year (with no ads)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For what it's worth, this is a pretty awesome radio app. There are over 50,000 radio stations of multiple genres to surf through, and I think that number will only grow. I actually hope it does, for likeTuneIn Radio Prothere are a lot of local stations that I do not have access to, so for the momentiHeartRadiois the only one that I can listen to all local, and even some elsewhere that is ineligible for me onXiiaLive Proor TuneIn.The interface is a breeze to get through and to get used to. You can search songs, you can favorite songs; you can even tag songs, which is something that I haven't seen before. Overall, the app alone is pretty good. I just hope it gets improved by making more stations readily available."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "xiialive is a great player for SHOUTcast streams.When I searched the GENRE section, I immediately found a great station that I'd never heard of before.The equalizer works pretty well on my Kindle HD7. I use a CUSTOM setting.It does have a couple of desirable features that are not easy to find, if you don't hold it right.Bitrate selection requires holding my tablet in portrait orientation and looking for the android-standard menu on the pull-down buttons.It is not Pandora and it isn't RealPlayer, so there are several internet radio sources that it can't play, but that doesn't mean it is the worst player out there.It just means that it won't play streams that aren't SHOUTcast streams, duh.And I finally found out how to close the player.Press the STOP button, first, and then exit the app with the BACK arrow."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's an all right radio player, and there are several out there to try. I tried several radio stations and all of them came in clearly, no problem. I do wish the controls were a little more intuitive, especially when looking for a station. I had to really dig just to find Top 40, which is what I listen to most... as do most people. Also, I wish I could search by location as I'd rather listen to something local or from a specific country. No major complaints, but nothing about this blew me away either. If you are looking for Internet radio, try the trial first before dropping upwards of five dollars on this."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Best radio app! Was wonderful on my phone, works beautifully on my tablet as well.Very large selection of Christian stations, which is sooo hard to find on most apps (sadly). Feature PACKED! Has customizable sleep timer, alarms to wake to any station, favorites, backup, bluetooth, search...and on and on. Can't find any flaws, nothing missing here! Got as a FAOTD, but one of the select few really worth paying for. Nice UI as well. If  you're looking for an all-around radio app, this is it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Not a very bad app, but not the best. I recommend TuneIn app which has better function to find local stations, (the TuneIn app made this easy). This app did not have as comprehensive catagory functions. Display of radio stations did not always display the station's logo, which makes quick selection more of a chllenge. I did not pay for this app, I got it with the free app of the day from Amazon, I would not pay for it, there are better apps such as TuneIn to go with."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this for the free app of the day since it had Shoutcast capabillities. It's smooth, awesome and works well. I recommend it. There are free radio apps that are good, too, but this one seems to run more smoothly and you actually get Shoutcast stations, which are hard to find free like this on Android. Not that this is free now.I like how the search feature searches songs that the stations are playing instead of the station name, but it would be nice if I could search the station name, too."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I liked it right after I downloaded it. I liked it when I was playing around with it. Easy to use and maneuver. Had problems connecting to a lot of stations. Had problems triong to figure out how to stop it and exit out of the app completely. I just ended up pausing it ans leaving it paused, until the middle of the night. It unpaused and scared me half to death, beings it was close to my head. I paused again and set it down. It unpaused once more. I, then, decided to uninstall  it. Thanks, but no thanks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I played all the levels and didn't find that there was any bias to the computer rolling more doubles than myself....also, I only consider myself to be a slightly above average player and find it rather easy to beat the computer at level 5.  So either I'm a better player than I think I am or the game's AI  could stand a little improvement. That said, the game is an enjoyable time killer and seems to work flawlessly without any bugs or glitches.  The operation and animation is smooth and the controls are quite easy to use on even the smallest screened smartphone.  I'll be keeping this one in my game apps....at least until I find something better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really enjoy backgammon.  I remember playing it frequently with my dad, learning strategy....I have many reviews concerning this app and the &quot;AI cheats&quot;, especially at higher levels, is very common.Here are my stats after 61 matches played at level 4:Me  CPUMatches won -  56.  5Rounds won.  -  385  226Total Pts Scored -  669  488 (I ran up the doubling cube to 64 one game &amp; lost by 300+)Opponent Pcs Hit -  1297  1225Doubles Rolled -  2067  2009I have learned how the AI 'thinks' and have USED STRATEGY to defeat it.  Now, with that said, I don't play level 5 since I cannot seem to 'crack' the AI's [cheating]."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved backgammon as a  young woman of the 80's, so I figured I'd download this and take a trip down memory lane.  Well, for the life of me, I couldn't remember how to play.  So the first stop was the help button and within a few minutes, it all came back  to me.  Whether I play the game with my husband or with the computer, it's a great way to  pass some time.  This game is easy on the eyes and the ads won't hinder your gameplay."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Unlike many games, the ads on this one do not bother me and I do not find them intrusive. This free version of backgammon is easy to play, but still challenging. It seems as if the computer \"learns\" from my moves; at least this is how I see it and it makes the game more challenging.  I have it on my phone and Kindle Fire. Many games look too small on a cell phone, making them difficult to play, but this one is not so it makes a good diversion while waiting in line or when I am sitting around, waiting at places such as an auto repair shop or doctor's office."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "One of the best free apps out there. There are enough customizable options to make everyone happy. You have to work at it to lose on easy. On the hardest level, a win is a victory and the dice always roll in favor of the computer.  It is great that it has a 2 player option that you can use to pass it back and forth for live play. Best of all, it has a great interface that doesn't make you work hard to figure out how to play the darn thing!  The graphics are nice as well.  The free version is ad supported but they the ads aren't annoying and don't interfere with game play."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love playing backgammon but I have a hard time finding people in my house that like to play it as well. I love having this app on my Kindle Fire. It plays smoothly, offers five levels of difficulty and and can be a challenge.I tend to play risky and most of the time it pays off. But the programming gets the best of me sometimes and I have to yell at my Kindle and tell the game is it not playing nicely. Even though I often play mean. Maybe that's why others don't want to play with me? Hmmmm.A fun app that lets you chose whether your black or white (if you chose white you have to play upside down) and offers a doubling dice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this on my Kindle Fire and I love it. The graphics are great plus you have options for difficulty, number of rounds in a match and it keeps track of your stats as well.  It also can show you possible moves if you are a beginner.  The game pieces are large enough that it's easy to see and use. Nicely done! As usual with free aps, there is advertisement but it is totally off to one corner and does not interfere with game play. Once in a while there is an offer to download one of their other games, but it is rare and again not a problem."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Overall I think this is a good game. I agree with other comments about how it seems the computer gets more doubles than I, but the handy built in stats screen shows that both players get on average the same number of doubles. What I find annoying is that the computer seems to get more favourable rolls than I do. That is to say that I seem to sit on the bench longer if a guy is captured than the computer does. Ifyour losing to poorly though you can undo and change your moves knowing you both will still get the same rolls.  Like I said I like it overall, and for free who am I to complain?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am not a very serious backgammon player, so I cannot speak to the quality of the AI. I do know that it can beat me on level 5 if I play irresponsibly. Of course, sometimes I get lucky. I do know enough about backgammon to know that \"luck\" usually favors the better player. Yes, the dice matter, but it is more about what you do with the rolls you get.I find it fascinating to read accusations that the game \"cheats.\" I just played a game where I was way behind and rolled consecutive double 6s to get closer. I still lost, but I thought I would throw out this experience as evidence that the dice can come up with unusual rolls both ways.You just can't go too far wrong with the AI Factory games. I love their backgammon, checkers, and chess. I was thinking about buying this anyway, so I was very glad to get it as the FAOTD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This review is for the free version.  Very nicely done implementation of backgammon, with fast and elegant interface, nice user controls, and good documentation.  I agree with some of the other reviews that the computer opponent seems to follow a flawed strategy with its end game in that it doesn't try to get its pieces off the board as soon as possible.  Also it seems slow to double when the game is winning and quick to accept doubles when I'm winning.  All in all, it's just challenging enough for me to make it interesting at level 5.As for the random dice generator, I don't agree that the computer cheats, but it doesn't seem to have a true uniform distribution (where each of the six sides of each die is equally likely).  In one of my first dozen games it gave me the same roll three turns in a row, and it does seem to roll an awful lot of doubles."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I started playing backgammon in college nearly 40 years ago. In fact, I got pretty good; winning several championship tournaments. But, that, was a long time ago. I didn't remember how to play until I got this program for my kindle fire. I like it because it comes with different levels of play as well as instructions! I am now working my way up the levels and have begun sparring with the game's computer. I'm not ready for tournaments at the local assisted-living facility, yet!  But soon!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The AI has some serious strategy problems.  In the last game I played, it had all its remaining pieced on 1 and 2, and rolled double ones.  It should have removed 4 from the board, but instead moved 4 from the 2 position, to the 1 position.  Stupid.  Making up for this deficiency, the computer gets better rolls.  It doesn't get more doubles, but it gets higher totals, and usually gets exactly what it needs.  Still fun, but still flawed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Backgammon is all about doubling and probable rolls of the dice...This is fast and great play.  A well designed app on my KFire. Trying to figure the algorithm for the computer to accept or decline the double has made solo play funner....I want a job at the AI Factory... $90k@300k valuation with 250k line of credit@6% paid when net positive revenue.  And the whole game is under 4mb...another plus for the IPO.  Who would-of Thunk- you'd make your momma so proud?  Bravo... Lawson di Ransom Canyon.  9-2013"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It is totally slanted in favor of the computer oponent.  I play at the hardest board and doubles are rolled constantly by the computer opponent and I had zero doubles. also on opening roll, the &#34;good&#34; rolls, ie 4/6 3/5 6/5 etc are always ALWAYS given to the computer opponent........no random play of the dice ever, and when you use the doubling cube and it appears that you have a slam dunk at winning, all of a sudden, double after double on the dice shows up when it is the opponents play......really a waste of time, takes the fun out of playing by not having a random dice play,  awful........dont waste time or money,"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I picked this up a few days ago as another FAOTD (thank you, again, Amazon!).  I've always wanted to learn to play Backgammon, and though this app isn't really designed to &#34;teach&#34; it, it makes it very easy to learn.  The graphics are good, and the game play is quick.  There are several options that can affect the duration of a &#34;match.&#34;  You can have a quick one-game match, or you can play to 15 points, requiring several &#34;games.&#34;  After playing this, I'm ready to buy my first real Backgammon set (from Amazon, of course!)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the world's all time leading cheater.  I have been playing backgammon for over 60yrs,  more than 1,000,000 games at least.  Statistics show that if you leave a spire open this app will hit you 90 / percent of the time. If you play this game as much as I do you know the statistical average is around  35 percent.  And wait until you get to a roll off,  count on the machine getting 3-4 doubles. They even have a disclaimer telling you why they are not cheating. This game is no fun.Grampyz"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to have the free app, and was happy to see this one on faod. the game itself is simple to play, focusing on great ui rather than fancy graphics. Level of play ranges from easy to medium, if you are professional backgammon player it will probably be too easy for you. It is, however, a good range for most.In terms of permissions, this is another great app by ai factory, which means no spyware and no intrusive permissions. I have purchased several of their apps before and this is no bait and switch, their apps stay permission free"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I played Colossal Cave (a.k.a. \"Adventure\") when it was first developed, back in the 1970s.  At the time, it was one of the most fascinating computer games available.  And its long life -- and the fact that I'm playing it again almost 40 years later -- support the fact that this is the greatest adventure game of all time.  There is a fascination with something that at first appears so simple, yet without \"awesome graphics\" or \"3-D whiz bangs\" or any other \"modern gaming devices\", and is still challenging and enjoyable.The game is implemented well, and I highly recommend it -- especially to younger players (by which I include anyone under about 35!) -- as a wonderful break from the fast and furious trigger-finger mindless destruction games that are so prevalent today."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is for those who are old enough to remember playing Colossal Cave Adventure (ADVENT) way back in the old days.  These days, graphics in games are the norm.  If you want an experience that's different than all the third-person shooters, then try this out.  It's very basic with its vocabulary, but if you can manage to get into it, it's a very enjoyable and very vivid adventure because the graphics are all in your head.  It's one of the best relics of interactive fiction.  Infocom games started out soon after this and are very similar.  It's a lot like Zork I, but a little different."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If this app were free, I'd probably give it 3, maybe 4 stars if it supported Android 3.0.  For $3?  It's lucky to get even 1.They seem to have left out a number of places, like IHOP (they have Denny's, though), Taco Johns, Papa Murphy's and Golden Corral (though they have Old Country Buffet).It also just displays nutritional info, but it lacks the ability to put together a whole meal and get a total of all those numbers.There are free apps that do a much better job of calorie counting than this one."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm assuming this application is a work in progress, as there are currently an odd mix of restaurants. The major places are covered of course, along with some various other places I'm not familiar with. If the dev continues to add to this list, it could prove to be a very extensive resource!The ability to sort by macronutrient or name is very cool. Good idea.The inclusion of some of the chain restaurants that aren't fast food would be very nice. I see applebees is there so it looks to be in the works.A utility in the program to request restaurants to add or even reference sources such as a url or something to make it easier for the dev to find and add more places would be icing on the cake.Cool application. I hope to see it grow.  For the health conscious out there, it's a no brainer on this free day!  (Thanks Amazon!)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It does give you calories (and four other facts) for the items you'll find on the menu but it only gives you four and you can't put it all together.  For instance, if you look at Chipotle on the app, you can see the beans and the rice and everything's nutritional facts but unless you're writing it all down and adding it all up, you have no general idea of the nutritional facts of the burrito you're about to eat.  And by \"nutritional facts\" I mean fat, protein, calories, fiber, and carbs since that's all they give you.  Glad I didn't pay for it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The app does what it says and it has a decent number of popular fast food chains. However, it is certainly not worth $2.99 for a few reasons.Pros: Easy to pick icon driven restaurant chooser. No ads.Cons: Only has 71 restaurants. Once you select the restaurant you get a basic menu driven list like most other apps. Only displays calories, fat, carbs, fiber and protein. So there is no report of saturated fat, vitamins, or other useful info. It only displays one item at a time, so adding up a meal would be a very arduous process that would require pen, paper, and probably a calculator. I could actually go on and on.Summary: Basically, there are a lot of other apps that do a better job, provide more information, are more useful, easier to use, and all around higher quality."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was hoping for more to come of this app as the idea of an app that can help you add up the caloric intake is a great idea, but this app could use some extra work.  I'm glad I picked this up for free and didn't pay the $2 for it.  I'll still keep it, and probably refer to it, but the interface is not all that great to work around and I really wish it would allow you to look at several food items at once so you can see everything.I do appreciate that it is more than calories, knowing how much fat, protein, carbs, and fiber is also useful.I hope they update this app, I would like to see it become more than it is."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Everyone else is right - this app is pretty bad. Almost every single one of these restaurants already has this information on their web sites, and most of those allow you to build a meal so that you can actually COUNT calories.This app is also sorely lacking in food and restaurants. The Arby's Angus Three Cheese and Bacon is missing, and I've been seeing commercials for that for several weeks now. Plus the restaurant Zaxby's isn't listed at all.Honestly this would be tolerable were this a free app, it really wouldn't be worth. 99, but frankly for the dev to charge 3 bucks for this is just downright insulting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "permissions needed for a simple dice game?  I don't like how the advertising is located conveniently too close to the &quot;roll&quot; bar, the dice (as you try to highlight them), and the options tab at the bottom of the screen.  I have accidentally hit the ad countless times and had to back out numerous. times in the middle of a game.  (KFire)  I also dislike that extra 5 of a kind cannot be counted as a score for a full house.iI give it 2 stars because the actual gameplay is pretty quick.Going to uninstall to see if I can't find one I like better,  or at least one that doesn't have gameplay functions literally on top of ad links.  I got a FAR better Yahtzi game on a CD out of a cereal box!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to play Yahtzee when I was younger and this game is just like it.  Works great on the Kindle Fire, I've had no problems with the app.  I wish it had multi player capability but my wife plays it on her Fire and I play on mine and we compare scores.  I like the features of being able to move an item places in case you tap the wrong field.  The color change in the options is nice but it will sometime revert back to the original color then change to the color scheme you selected.Overall it's a fun app if you like playing Yahtzee."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this game because I  like the game yachtzee, but it is missing the excitement of actually rolling the dice. I also miss having an opponent. The sound effects are ok. What I do like is the quickness of each game. It is helpful too when it gives you hints about where to put your score. Makes for less thinking. I can whip out game after game, but it takes away from enjoyment. It's a good game to play if you are just trying to pass a few minutes of time. Glad it was free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's simple, It's dice... It's one of the best apps I've downloaded. It works fast and accurately on my lower end tablet and the interface is simple, but attractive. I love the musical tones when you \"hold\" a die and I love the sound when you \"roll\" the dice. The ability to change the colors of the game just adds to its appeal for me. I'm rocking my own little pink game of yahtzee AS I TYPE THIS. Then I'm going to head over and buy the paid version."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just downloaded and installed. I was amazed at how fast this app installed, I expected it to take longer because of the incredibly detailed images. All views are gorgeous on the Kindle Fire. Took me a couple of seconds to figure out how to get back to the view I wanted, but now that I have it figured out, I'm having no problems navigating around the app. Well worth the price. The only thing that doesn't seem to work on the Kindle Fire is the \"keep Earth stable as device is rotated.\" Although it could be that I don't understand that feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a real game called \"Rush Hour.\"  This is very similar to that game.  This is a logic game where you are trying to move the red car to the exit.  Sounds easy, right?  It is not, but that is the fun part.  You must try to move the other cars so the red car can move.  It is fun and challenging.  My sons (7 y.o.) love this game and I think it is great for them to play a fun, thinking game.  I would recommend this game to anyone looking for thinking game.I have seen other reviews about privacy issues and I do not know about that."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "first I would like to thank all my friends at amazon for the well wishes on a speedy recovery. I couldn't do it without you. today I left the hospital and on my way home I downloaded the faotd because it looked interesting. well im glad I did. when I got to the garage at me apartment I realized that about 1000 people must have moved im and all their cars were everywhere. so I grabbed my phone and started practicing after about level 14 I realized what I needed to do to get my car in a spot. thanks amazon I just wish everybody in my apartment building had this to so we could keep the garage organized."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "the droid is not an old system, nor is it the newest! how can a developer miss the boat on this one?! this is sloppiness and/or laziness on behalf of concrete software. games like this can work on the droid... unblock me is a perfect example! and before everyone starts a lynch mob, stating I am affiliated with them, I am not. I am just a user who appreciates a good puzzle game... unless the developers are too lazy to make their app compatible with popular devices! shame on you concrete! 0 stars if I could! come back when you learn to work out apps for all droid devices, especially the most popular ones!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Permissions are way too much to ask for to play a traffic puzzle game. Growing very tired of excessive invasion of privacy esp. for stuff like puzzles and games. Bad enough you have to give permission to important apps and utilities. No longer will I download any apps asking for the same types of permissions using excuses like feint and leader boards, bug reports, e-mail, all of it. Just a poor excuse to have access to data of value to sell & make up for lack of people buying the apps. Every single dev says they dont use the data they can access or make it available to data miner companies. So who is responsible for all the massive data stealing through apps? Nobody, so it must be the Spyware Fairy."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played this game before on the Android and the iPad. It is a fun, spacial puzzle game that has always challenged and entertained me. I hesitant to pick this up but then decided to give it a shot. I **LOVE** the graphics. I've never seen one look this good. The cars take on a more 3D tone than the other games I've tried.If you like this type of puzzle game, or are looking for a puzzle game to play, then you might want to try this one out."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a very fun way to waist (spend) time. As far as all the worry about datamining? If your playing on a Kindle Fire, as I am what data can they get? Also if your worried just disable Internet access before starting the game.  Believe me, it is well worth any small effort just to play this game.  To all you yelling about this being a copy of other games like Blockme,,, almost every game is a copy of the one that came before it.  It's called innovation or improvement.  Paranoia is sometimes a good thing but this is just a game and an easy workaround for any phone users.  I would readily put this as one of the most brain teasing and fun games on Amazon.  jmho"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So when was the last time you walked out of the supermarket and your car was stuck between 3 BMWs, 2 limos and 4 SUVs that all look exactly the same and you had to go and move the cars around and not only that, but the exit HAS to be RIGHT in front of the car, because apparantly your car cant turn, but it apparently can deny physics by sliding left and right with no turning? No? Maybe if you are God. This seems to be a puzzle game for God, as it is nothing we humans can relate to.Would be better if it were a bit more realistic and put blocks or a host of other things than cars.If you are God and can relate to this, then its not a bad game, but very simple and has no depth. Special abilities, new mechanics, etc."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Reading some of the lame negative reviews on \"free app\" day, I almost didn't d'load it. I'm glad I gave it a try anyway. Can't figure out why anyone would rank this low, unless it just didn't work on their tablet or phone. Works great on Kindle Fire. Sort of difficult to put down, once I start playing the puzzles. Both in our family have enjoyed it already. I think this game is better on a tablet than paying 20 bucks for the plastic pieces and game cards for the board game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Although I got this free on Amazons Free App of the Day, I would gladly pay the buck for this many puzzles! The game is certainly fun &amp; addicting, no bones about it.I especially appreciated its thorough game settings &amp; instructions on how to play in the Menu. Many game apps lack this, making it difficult to play them.For those asking why &quot;the permissions&quot;? It's for sharing of your high scores online,  IF you chose to do so.If you like strategy type game puzzles then, I recommend giving this one a try."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Every time I see my 3 year old niece, since I have downloaded this app, she has shouted that as she is running towards me- \"I want to play monkey!\" She has been playing this for about three weeks now, and I have noticed a drastic increase in her cognition- she is now able to keep focused and learn her numbers, colors, and different fruits. The fun monkey makes noises, keeps her engaged, and makes her laugh. The app has counting, matching, puzzles, colors, and a sticker feature as rewards. When she is done with her exercises, she loves picking out her sticker to \"put on the paper\" to show her mom and dad. It is so entertaining that the 6 and 9 year old want to play it lol. Great app and I'm so happy I found it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This program consists of about six single-screen puzzles, each with a few variations.  After about 10 minutes of play they begin to repeat.  As you move through the games there is no escalation in difficulty or any apparent attempt to select the \"next\" puzzle based on previous puzzles or the child's success at solving them.In our case my 4-year old daughter got bored even before the first sequence was completed.  A little ways after the puzzles began to repeat she closed the app and wanted to watch a movie.On the plus side, this app is \"solid\" (no bugs and with a finished appearance).  It also does *not* need any kind of Internet connection to run.  (Some reviewers said it did and I expect they may have been using an earlier version.)  Finally, it runs just fine on my Samsung Galaxy 10.1 tablet.In summary, it is good for at least one fairly short sitting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app works fine. I gave it four stars because there is no option to work on one kind of game at a time.To all the teenagers that rated the app one star because they are mad it is a kids game, get a life.  You need to rate apps based on their quality in that category and for giving the user what it said it would. This is for adults to entertain their children with. And I really wish everyone would stop whining about amazon, it is old, this isn't a forum for you to bit.. about amazon and what free app they are giving you, it is a place to rate said app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I picked this one up for my kids to learn touch gestures on the XOOM tablet.  Both my 3 year old and 5 year old enjoy it.  It has a few different game modes (find the biggest/smallest, drag to complete a puzzle, place stickers, find all objects of the same color, counting, and a small memory-type game).I haven't had any technical issues with it on my Thunderbolt or XOOM.  Hopefully a future update will bring a broader set of objects and games (I'm worried that the kids will tire of the small set of images and sounds)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "5 year old grandaughter who will start kindergarten liked this app for several days and it kept her busy for part of a long aiplane flight. It was a bit on the easy side for her and she has since gone on to other apps.There are other reviews that tell exactly what this app does.  It can be a nice fun learning opportunity for a child.Grandaughter does like earning the stickers!UPDATE:  2 year old triplets first time on my phone. Not everything was mastered the first time, but they loved this app!!Update:  After using this probably twice a week for 6 weeks or so, the triplets have totally mastered this.  While they still enjoy it for a short time, they are moving on to other apps.  Would love suggestions for suitable apps to try."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Out of all the things I have put on my Kindle this is by far the best.  A fellow teacher had her son and mother-in-law with her at school one day.  My grandson is the same age as her son.  We were talking about apps and games for our three-year-olds.  Her mother-in-law recommended this game.  I got it for my grandsons (both age 3) to play when visiting. After my son saw it he purchased it for his son.  It is educational, fun and they learn to play it as they go.  This should be a must on every tablet, computer or other device if you have preschoolers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First time I turned it on it had a bunch of readings about teriyaki, then my parents brought home teriyaki... then it said a weird word that I looked up, it ment ringing of bells, and I was ringing a bell... then I went to my friends house and she thought her house was haunted, turned it on and waited for it to get used to the house, started out ok then, it said I control we and a bunch I mean a bunch of red dots appeared, I turned it off because my friend was scared to death, then I turned it back on an hour later and it said demon and had a red dot right behind me... never using it again..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I always enjoy watching Ghost Adventures and The Dead Files so downloaded this free for the fun of using it. When my son used it he got some action and a few words so he enjoyed playing with it. When I used it nothing, but still one of those things that is fun to pull out when you are bored to waste a little time. We have not tried it outside the home. I would like to point out that even the expert ghost hunters don't get action everytime they do a lockdown at a location so just have fun with it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't necessary believe it, bit things happened that could be debatable. I walked onto my parents room and my grandfathers ashes are in that little golden container thingy that they get put in and I put on the radar and it just about went crazy. and it said grandpa on the screen. so I ran out of the room creeped out, like a lot.another time it said Texas on the screen, this is stupid but Texas was thr answer to a game I was playing later.I wouldn't say I'm totally convinced, but its more like 50/50"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't really believe in ghosts but after this app I might. So first we had a power outage and it ended up saying &quot;solar&quot; then &quot;mistake&quot;. Also it said &quot;Christmas&quot; and I know that Christmas is coming up. Plus I was in a room at night with my friends and it said &quot;visitor&quot; so we got scared and went into the kitchen and my friend was messing around with a bucket then it said &quot;bucket&quot; which also creeper me out but I think it's worth it and pretty fun but at night it can definitely give you a scare."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I gotta say it is a little spooky. I'm a truck driver and i downloaded this app while i was sitting in a shop parking lot. the first thing it said was parts. then it said p and kept putting the letter p across yeah i really had to bad. i went to find an mt trailer and it said flat and research. didn't. find a flat but when i checked inside trailer i found a huge hole in the roof. if I'm to believe what they say there were a few ghosts around too. I do believe in ghost but i'll have to do a little more researching to see if this is really a reliable ghost detector. all in all it is an interesting app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this, and it was talking away. I don't know if it is real but some things it says are just too relevant. Get it and try and see what you think. I got this one and liked it so much I moved on to the $1.99 upgrade and I am very pleased with all the extras it has. I still use this one. My friends are really interested to see it. This version is easy to use. I said some things after I asked a question, and they were right on the money. Creeepy!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app after looking at other people's reviews. I am a total believer when it comes to spirits. According to the radar, I had like 6 ghosts in my house. They started saying stuff that didn't make sense. But seeing those words and looking at the radar scared the s*** out of me. Because I'm a believer, this scared me so badly, I'm afraid to use it again. The only reason I want to use it still is so I can maybe communicate with my dad. Only 4 stars because it's so freaky."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app. Me and my Nana play around with it a lot, and we both believe in ghost/spirits. One time my Nana was cleaning the house, and I turn this app on while she was vacuuming. Then a red dot appeared and the word &quot;Attempt&quot; popped up. A second later the word &quot;organization&quot; appeared. I thought about my Nana cleaning the house and that attempt organization means clean house. After that &quot;wherever&quot; popped up and I thought it was saying clean the house wherever it needs to be cleaned. I think this app is pretty cool!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "it scared the living daylight's out of.me when blue dots appeared dissapeared appeared. I am superstitious.  and I'm afraid of this kind of stuff. but if u r like me get it and b wit a friend when u do this. DONT B ALONE OR ULL BE LIKE ME!!! I fell off my bed and ran into the living room, looked at my mom looked at me and went back to bed. I immedialy turned off my kindle and fell asleep. I had a dream of a ghost! AHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! but I liv it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this app is pretty good. it freaked me and my sister out. there were red ghosts in my room and rite behind me. I was creeper out. one time I clicked on the app and rite away I saw ghosts in my bathroom. one time we heard a plastic bag move in my sisters room. we though it was a ghost so we said if there is a ghost in here show a dot in front of us on the radar. there was a red dot in front of us. we were scared. I do not think this app is any bogus but my mom does."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is really nice! :)) Me and.my family were in the living room...my dad.on his laptop, my sister playing around and watching the movie at the same time, my mom watching the movie too, while me... I was searching for apps as usual. it was 5:50 so it was kinda dark outside and the lights were off inside in our living room si ot looks nicer watching. I just got this app and when I opened ot one word came up and said darkness! :))) A must-have!! :))))"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this is weird cause  my mom was on her phone my bro was on the computer and my tv was going and it didn't pick up anything and they were all by each other so it should put off a strong signal but it didn't so that's weird the. first time I turned it on it was picking up strange moving signals and it said stuff like cow and none and other stuff and the second time it didn't  pick up anything up so the gohsts escaped without letting me know. (FREAKY)letting me know freaky."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While I have yet to get an answer to a question it does give you responses and some of them are the oddest words. The word bank must be huge. I have kept it for fun and have even put it on my android. I have had both on together but not picked up the same thing in the same place or gotten the same word on both in fact I have not heard the same word twice on one device or any of the three together (wife's android). So i feel that a random generator/selector is not part of the program since most of those things &#34;pick&#34;  the same word from time to time. just try it what can it hurt?!?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a kindle fire and it doesn't haves microphone.... it took forever to get &quot;duck&quot; from it and like a minute later my lil bro came in and threw a toy at me. couinsidence... my point is that a kindle.fire doesn't have a microphone and if it doesn't have that it cant pick up anything from a &quot;ghost&quot; I also live in an apartment.... Haha FAKE DONT BUY IT RIP OFF EVEN THOUGH ITS TOTALLY FREE ITS JUST GONNA TAKE YOUR APP SPACE UP DONT GET IT!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "so I got this app today and have bin playing it on and off for about 2 or 3 hours I think that it is really a neat app but to be honest we just got our house built like 6 months ago and the chances that I have about 6 apperitions in our house is really slim. But I like to think that it may be a spirit attached to an antique that we may have. I honestly think that that would be really awesome but I'm not getting much clues because the only words I got where pink, shelf, automobile, soldier was a good one and my first one i also got fourth, fellow, and some other bland words."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Wow. I just had this app on and went into my kitchen when it went haywire with words and letters and warnings. It had red, green, yellow, and strange blue dots all over the screen. It was awesome. I really recommend this app. It is lots of fun and I am glad I got it :)Note: Review is from my daughter.  Thus far it seems to do really well, saying \"Father\" when I am in the room, and saying, \"metal\" when her Mom is in the room.  Her Mom had a metal rod in her leg when she was younger and it still messes up antennae TV signals when she is near them.  Thus this is a more interesting version then older ones I have been exposed to &lt;--This last part is me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "don't get its like a wigi board a portal from the spirit world the ghost(s) will follow you and the people you share this app with everywhere you go and haunt you and friends I have been seeing things and so have my friends. I've been seeing a blue orb, my friend is hearing foot steps outside her room when there's nobody outside her room and she's seeing a girl in the middle of the night, our other friend is seeing buses on a brick wall and a black mist, our other friend is seeing fugues, and our final friend is also seeing buses on the same brick wall. DO NOT GET THIS APP!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It works. I'm sure my neighbor's house is haunted. Why? Because I was walking by his house (his name is Paul) and a red dot came in his house and the word Paul came up. I got chicken skin and I ignored it. Paul's son is named David, and I said I would laugh if the word David came up. As soon as I said laugh, the word laugh came up. Now I really cot creeped out. Later, I found out the house was built in the early 1900s and in an epidemic of small pox that affected most of Honolulu's Chinatown, some people died..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i downloaded this thinking it would be interesting.  im a believer i guess even though ive never had any actual experiences.  tonight it did display some random words.  BUT the three words in a row that caught my attention was &quot;see casey thin&quot;.  this might not mean much to others but i lost my mum to cancer a year ago.  my sons name is case and we often call him casey.  he is also painfully thin because of his medical problems and the medication he is on.  how odd was that?  a voice from the other side or just random words that i put meaning to......"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "At first I did believe it, then I was like, ''Nah, it can't be true'' But boy wasI wrong!! The next day I got on the app. I still wasn't sure if it was real. I was just sitting on my bed, using the app ans still doubting it. But then a dot came up and the words spoken was COME  !! It SCARED me. I am freaked out right now!!!!!!!!! I totally believe"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this app for over a year.  It has entertained me, my kids, my friends, my wife, my co-workers and so on.  I am a believer in ghosts, but a severe skeptic of this app.  Every now and then it'll creep you out by spouting relevant words and dots in relevant locations, but at least 75% of it appears to be random or void of energy spikes.  Anyone who takes this app too seriously is gullible and anyone who dismisses it completely is joyless.  It delivers fun and entertainment to believers and skeptics alike and should be used solely for entertainment."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ok people, God is real, the devil is real, and angels are real. So are spirits! Sometimes ghosts seek revenge, or they are friendly. This app is real. Here are what the signals : red, it is very strong. Yellow, strong. Green, weaker. Blue, barely there. This is real. Here's what it did to me one time: I was on my kindle fire on the couch, and it said &quot;wind&quot;. I thought it meant something, so I went to the weather channel. Believe it or not, but there was a big tornado watch in the south, thank goodness I don't live down there. I'm never trying in my bedroom, though. I'm afraid. I admit it. But this app is real. Trust me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "um... so a couple weeks ago i had a friend over and she told me to put on the ghost hunter app well i did and i havethis bracelet on my ankle i took it off and the ghost detector said push with a red dot and so i got up to put tue bracelet back on all of a sudden it felt like some one pushed me (i didnt get hurt) i asked my friend if she pushed me and she said no. and i can tell when she is lying. so its creepy u ppl should get it"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Well, I'm not that sure whether to believe this app or not. Me and my cousin were just messing around looking for ghost apps and we found this, and downloaded it. We were just watching the words out whatever and it kept saying 'ffee' and we were confused. At the top it said 'Get'and that kinda scared me. I tried joking around and trying to communicating to the 'ghost'. At the top, it said 'Observe'. My cousin said, &amp;#34;What is your name?&amp;#34; And it said 'Joe' and then a huge yellow dot appeared in front of us, and the top said 'Shimmering' It scared me really badly, and I deleted the app instantly. Not because I don't like it, because I was FREAKED OUT. You choose whether to believe it or not.."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "People complain, but why? Did you expect ghosts to pop up and have interesting conversations with you and follow you around 24/7 ? Have some fun with it, try to figure out why it does what it does, mess with minds of believers if you wish. But learn to have fun, not be critical when uncalled for,  and don't complain about a program you didn't have to install anyway. Most enjoy showing how easy it is to replicate the goofy stuff on TV. That is fun. Some people like to have fun and be mock serious, just as some of you like to carry on to get a reaction. Stop flaming and REALLY PAY ATTENTION to what they say. IF the program is excessive in battery usage, that's a claim to consider. Most of the other stuff is petty. Others having problems with this program draining battery?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been constantly dreaming of my mom and feeling haunted by her.  she died 11 years ago. I ran across this app today and had to try it.  I recently got a new wedding ring that I have been walking around my house gazing at.  a red dot appeared today and the word Mrs. was spoken!  the question of my ex appeared (his name)  followed by Available.  key words that only I would understand kept appearing.  my oldest son was a baby when my mother died. I allowed him to try and speak with her,  a red dot appeared and the word Giant and My was said.  too many on point coincidences for me.  I say it is worth the download if you are curious.  But be careful!  you never know what or who you are inviting in your home."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay, so I downloaded it and turned it on.  At first there was nothing happening but then it started lighting up all over the place. I was watching &quot;Moby Dick&quot; with the volume up high. It said, &quot; look&quot;, &quot; letter&quot;, &quot;auithor&quot;, &quot;funny&quot; and &quot;William&quot;. I turned the volume off and asked,&quot; William who?&quot; No response so far although a hurricane warning from msnbc did pop up while I was typing this and scared the crap outta me. This is so cool. Hehehe!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "so I lived in this house and we new it had a ghost or 10 so I got this app to see if it works and there was a lot of red dots and my dad moved in with us not to long ago and his name is mark and then he left for work one day and me and my mom pulled out my kindle fire we were playing around with the app and then it said &quot;sunlight,MARK,help, leave &quot;and we had just bot a new home and we think it is mad we r moving and now it keeps hurting us so we don't move.this app works well get it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay, about a month ago, I was in my room getting ready for school. I was in a cross between: a Gryffindor  sweat shirt with worn skinny jeans and Ugg boots or a Camp Half Blood t shirt with skinny jeans and high tops. So I asked the Ghost Radar,&quot; Oh wise and powerful ghost in my room, which shall I WEAR?!&quot; I waited.and waited.and waited. then I freaked out. it said:&quot; Wear, sweat, shirt&quot;I literally cried out in excitement!!!!! This ghost had taste like a huge nerd like me!!!!!Theresa(:"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This would be great for kids at a slumber party or for really naive adults who believe every speck of dust in a picture is an orb.I bought the free version and I liked it well enough and then I bought the paid version which is no different from the free version in any noticeable way.With the paid version, it's almost as though it is setup to shoot out random words and phrases at a certain interval. Maybe they thought people would get their moneys worth that way to give people who paid for it more fake excitement? It seems that way to me.If you're into the paranormal, I would download the free version just if you're curious but don't buy the paid version. The free version is better, in my opinion.Don't expect this to be a serious tool--it's just a toy."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "it kept giving me battery, life, eviction, and dog, and I couldn't figure it out.  finally, after turning on the radar, I saw the phone point to itself.  I ran to my local church, and had the priest do an exorcism on my phone, and sure enough, after the excorcism, my phone battery now lasts twice as long.  on a side note...I knew that yappy dog next door was posessed, and after shooting it with holy water, it burst into flames."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can see my own kind, I'm not blind or mabye I am. Anyway I go to the graveyard yo see my buddy Jeff, it did not detect his presance AT ALL!!! Then I go to walmart and A BILLION FAKE GHOSTS WERE THERE!!!!! I think this is THE AVERAGE SHOPPER RADAR!!!!! It kept saying FOOD and SALES and BUY. WHAT?!?!?!  At least say what kind of app this is. MAYBE ITS A TYPO?!?! Well ALWAYS READ REVEIWS. Three stars cause it does something. SO IF NEED YOU TO FIND THE AVERAGE SHOPPER BUY THIS. Btw...BOOOOOOO!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app used to work great for me. I searched out many spirits, most of whom became fast friends (well, some of them were a bit decayed and they weren't so fast).My issues began after my recent demise in a construction accident. I wound up in a number of pieces. It can be quite challenging to keep track of all of them. This application does an adequate job of finding the big pieces like my legs but isn't sensitive enough for my fingers and nose. Since the little pieces are the ones that usually get lost, this is a serious drawback."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I tried this program out just for fun. well the radar was showing large amounts of activity around me- and to make matters worse it was giving me back snippets of my own thoughts! Like when i thought it was weird, it gave back WEIRD. when i thought ha ha that's kinda creepy it gave back CREEPY. I thought about ice cream just to mess with the train of thoughts, and it gave back DAIRY,  followed by COLD afterwards.Then it hit me. I am a ghost.It took some remembering, but i died years back in a car accident, and i had been in denial this whole time.Thanks to this app, i was able to realize that i had passed on, and finally cross over. well. not yet. i am writing this before i finally rest. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this application and opened it while I was in the car. there was the occasional blip on the radar screen but nothing significant. and while there were a few words that appeared it was meaningless and random at best. but... when I got home and turned it on it was a different story. not sure what the different colored dots mean however there were many dots and many words being spoken in my house. I was standing in the kitchen and thought to myself what was I just gonna do? it was it that moment that the word &quot;pot&quot; appeared on the screen. oh yeah that's right I was gonna go have some pot. so off to the garage me and probly most of the ghost in the house went to get our bake on. truly this is an amazing application full of surprises and dare I say a mind reader."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Thanks to this app I found out that my house is haunted.While I was working on my computer I fired this app up having no idea what to expect. I clicked on the \"Radar\" button and it showed 3 blue dots to my right, and 2 yellow ones in front of me. Then my phone says, \"Ignore\". I figure it's telling me to ignore the dots. (Which I assume were ghosts)?Then my phone starts popping off word after word. Are these ghosts having a conversation? It seemed like all nonsensical words. Well after a couple of minutes of this I said aloud, \"Go away ghosts, I'm trying to work here!\"Suddenly the radar went blank and for the next 20 minutes not another word came out of my phone. I finished my work and turned the app off.Freaky Man!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So I just got this app today and as soon as I got on it, a word popped up said Sit. Which was weird bc I was sitting. so I started to say some names. names I said Grandma Brown, Grandpa Brown, Ben, Grandpa Wallace. then it popped up a word saying Fewer. then a few words came up I didn't understand like Fox, Entry and Simply. then I asked who this was and it popped up Dan Just now. It really creeped me out bc my dads name is Dan (he has not passed yet). Going to wait it out before I make my review a 5 star. I really recommend getting this app if you are into parnormal stuff."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Fun app, I wish the vox mode would still be scanning while I look at the radar, so that I can compare the two to see what's the ghosts intentions are.  I started wearing clothes aroused the house because the ghosts were making me feel selfconcious.The first word that came out for me was not fart, but it was the second.  Some eerily accurate words.  It said the word power right before I unplugged it from the wall.Fun app, solid, entertaining, HTC EVOthe nudist"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app unleashes the previously undocumented hardware in every Android device to communicate with the dead. This came in practical use I was able to find the ghost of my dead uncle and he directed me to where he buried his money- it would have been lost forever- or worse found by staff of the camp for disadvantaged children on who's land it was hidden.I also use this app to make sure the bathroom is clear before I take a shower or \"do my business.\" I really don't want ghosts of dead relatives watching me in there. It's kind on creepy when you think about it- now, no more worries!I might buy a 2nd phone just to keep this app on all the time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm loving the negative  comments from &quot;experts.&quot; M.D.s don't get mad about the x-ray apps, so why are you mad about this?Most of the comments have shown that people aren't REALLY taking this seriously, so why are you?Lighten up. This is a fun app to have for Halloween.By the way, if you could provide proof that your custom home-made equipment works better than this app, I'm sure we'd all love to see it. No, I didn't think so."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "O. M. G!!!!!! Ok, so, like I wanted to like, see if this thing like, actually, like, worked, ya know? So, I like, killed my brother, and I like, turned on the ghost radar thingy. And, like, OMG OMG OMG! It, like, only showed like, one dot thingy, and it was like, my brother! And, like, it showed all the like, words and stuff, and like, he was like, saying stuff like &quot;Omg&quot; &quot;Why&quot; &quot;Hate&quot; &quot;You&quot; &quot;You&quot; &quot;Did&quot; &quot;For&quot; &quot;Stupid&quot; &quot;App&quot; &quot;So&quot; &quot;Stupid&quot; &quot;Hate&quot; &quot;I&quot; &quot;cant&quot; &quot;believe&quot; &quot;you&quot; OMG OMG OMG!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Sometimes the words it gives you are creepier than playing on a ouija board. For instance: it said my dad's name. I haven't had contact with him in about 5 years. That night I see that he found me on Facebook and sent me a (20 days late) birthday message. I can't decide if I believe in the astronomical odds against that coincidence, or if there was something supernatural about it.If you don't believe in the ghost thing at all, I still say download it. You will probably have fun with it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got the game after reading the reviews and thought it would be fun just to try it even though I was pretty certain it was bogus.  A part of me sorta hoped that my little brother would find some way to communicate with me even though I know the kindle doesn't have a microphone. See he killed himself last July and I miss him so badly. Anyways, I started the game and walked around and got some random words like question and paragraph. I got bored and sat on the couch. Not much happened after that so I figured it needed movement so I started shaking it. Soon words came popping out but I froze when the word brother came up. The next word was beside. I kid you not! I couldn't help tearing up even though it was probably just random words that happened to sync up. Nothing interesting after that but it shook me a little."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "At first but it &quot;told&quot; me a lot of things that noone would know about. I turned it on this morning and one of the first things it said was, &quot;court&quot; holy cow!! My husband is in court this morning !! How would a simple app know my husband was in court??? I didn't download this until late last night, long after we were discusing his case. It also mentioned several other things that noone knew about let alone what seemed to be a cheesy app - believe me its not. It works. I even got 3 different names of spirits that may be here. Yes, we have A LOT of paranormal activity here.Yes I do believe in ghosts, I did before the app but this app is making me even more of a believer!!!What's even freakier is that I had gotten this app from getjar for free, the exact same app as this free app of the day and its free on Amazon today. I downloaded it late last night."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Im not saying I don't or do believe is ghosts. lets make that clear. but the point if this app I think is mote to just have fun. I mean seriously out the pal on your kids phone let them have fun with it. it's not the real deal. cause lets say ghost are real and the pros who have big equipment well. that equipment costs thousands of dollar's. now do you really think a phone even as advanced as the evo 3d which I have is capable of matching the hardware as of the pros? No. it's not. so I believe this app is not yo be taken serious but as just getbsome laughs out and dont be afraid to let the child inside of you out and just have some good ole fun.Deuces everybody DJ Collyder out and happy Halloween"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this is very spooky and when I purchased this app I just moved in to a mansion and it said the words kill and prince so I killed my pet tarantulla princess and my principal in her sleep sorry Ms bolte btw and right after I killed them I saw the ghost of my principal in my mansion located nowhere near were she lived and my pet tarantulla attacked me and I have bite marks on my back and arms and hands. so we moved and I still have marks. btw I went to juvenile prison.I still regret itthey still haunt meyou can feel the PAIN"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I had this app on during a severe wind storm. I happened to look outside &amp; noticed a tree down in my backyard. I forgot about the app, leaving it on as I went outside &amp; for the next 3 hours, took a chain saw to the tree, trying to clean up the mess. When I got done &amp; back inside, I picked up the kindle, noticing the words recorded the whole time I was outside. Not only was my first name there, Ellen, but the words, danger, branches, noise, storm, tree, wind, emergency. There was no one in the house the whole time I was outside, nor had I called anyone and no one called me"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "there was a ghost in the room, we could feel its presence so I turned this app on and it confirmed that there were actually five ghosts in the room. My uncle is a professional ghost hunter who removes ghosts. He normally uses seventy thousand dollar worth of equipment, including a quantum flux integrator which he designed himself, he says this app is better than all of his equipment, and makes his fancy stuff obsolete. My uncle says if you have ghosts, you should call him, he will remove the ghosts for a small fee. Mom says he's a charlatan. I don't know what that word means but I'm sure it's something nice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was a skeptic like most at first about this app.  Its nice and all for jokes to the gullable.  Just seemed to get some things right with the words it spoke.1st incident:  Was in the bathroom stinking up the place (#2) and then the app said, &quot;sell, memory, row&quot;.  I laughed at it and kept going.  When flushing, the toilet clogged up and I had a minor flood in the bathroom.  Its nothing large enough to &quot;row&quot; in, but I thought I would &quot;sell&quot; yall my &quot;memory&quot;....hahahaha.2nd incident:  Was in my room when it said &quot;useful, cutting&quot;.  So, I decided to investigate the house to see whats up.  Weird thing I found, my mother was clipping coupons.  Spooky right?5 stars for giving me something else to do and for being a spooky word generator.  As far as the radar, could be better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "the first moment I got this app it it went crazy with nonsense words like Russia, paper, whatever, hats and much more. the app is only good for pranking your friends. I would'nt recommend it if your trying to find real ghosts. just get the equipment if you want go look for real ghosts. to prove my point that this is a fake I went to over 50 houses with this thing over 2 months. every house had ghosts even the ones that were brand new and not on any burial  ground.  whatever. you do don't. waste your money."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First off, for those that cared to read the description, it's for entertainment purposes ONLY.No, it's not real.No, it doesn't really detect ghosts.No, you're not going to be able to talk to your great grammy.We've been playing with it in the office and, while it's not a permanent addition to my phone, it's added a little enjoyment to an otherwise boring, dreary day. I haven't figured out the advanced options yet but the \"Info\" and \"FAQ\" are better than most. It's straightforward and tells you that it \"does NOT detect EMF nor gravity\".Just in time for Halloween... I think the kids will enjoy this the most. Can't wait to see them walking around the house, trying to find ghosts in the dark. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "ok, so I downloaded the FREE version and received some pretty interesting stuff. it words like funny, author, look, letter, william and lastly concerned. here's the scoop, my dog Astinos has something going on with his skin that I've been concerned about. I've got student loan ugly face letters that I'm avoiding opening like the plague, I do write pretty funny texts to my friends daily, and as for William...I'm clueless. Some of this is, you'll pardon the pun, dead on but hell, creepiest thing is the digital voice. What do the different colored dots mean? One showed up blue with a red circle around it. If my phone rings right now I'm gonna pee my pants. Get this app. It's fun to me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is a fraud. It was unable to detect a known ghost living in my home for several decades.Back in the early 60s, a middle aged man was murdered in my home by a home intruder. This man's spirit has yet to leave the physical world for the spiritual as his murder has never been solved. He REFUSES to leave. This has been validated by several ghost hunting experts and I often hear him moaning about being hungry or tired.I tried using this app to detect his location but it wouldn't work. In fact, I knew he was in the bathroom at one point playing with the cat, but the app told me there was a \"reading\" in the kitchen.So, to sum it up, for those looking for something cheap to help them detect the ghosts living around us, look elsewhere.This app makes a mockery of the dead and the developers should be ashamed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "its stupid and pointless and ghost aren't even reel when you die you go to heaven or hell you cant go around the earth when your dead!!!! this is crape its totally stupid and its not real how would the developer get the app to sense all that stuff its crape lies!!! I mean seriously if your stupid enough to beloved this *omg it works I saw a ghost* -_- really?!...... get a life spud pickles and make something worth our time!!! God loves you :D"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So, a few minutes after I got this app I hopped in the shower. FYI, I'm the kind of person who sings in the shower. So, I'm singing Rock God by Selena Gomez and I get out. I was sceptical of ghosts and I thought this was a joke. so I mutter to myself,&quot; Yeah, I'll get some words from the other side,&quot;  I go to the Words column and I literally gasp with shock. it says,Please, Sing, louder. I'M LITERALLY GOING TO DIE. THIS THING IS STALKING ME. then, yesterday, this ghost named Chuck was calling me names. He called me Fatty, Loser, and the B word. I'm sad.-T.S."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this as the free app of the day from Amazon today.  I am glad I didn't pay any real money for this as this is like a \"Rick Roll\" type app which doesn't really do anything productive.  It was obviously meant to promote Sean Austin's music career.This app would be useful to people who want ideas to start their own music careers by picking a strange catchy name for your developer name and disguising it as something else such as a party gag type app.I agree with the many other reviewers that the reviews for this app are rather funny and entertaining.  Therefore, I am giving it 2 stars just because it gets people wanting to discuss their app purchases on Amazon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this for free, just in time for Halloween, for my kids to play with.  My daughter made fun, at first, but her younger brother loved it.  It struck his imagination, and he started ghost-hunting immediately.  After dark, even the teenager got in on the fun.The only problem I've found is that it KILLS YOUR BATTERY FAST.  The app says it basically uses all if your sensors, microphone, etc., so I'm sure that is why, but keep it in mind.I'm not saying it's a great ghost-hunting tool, but it's a cute little app that has given my kids hours of fun."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app gives you a string of letters and about 30 seconds to make as many words as you can.  Then it moves on to another string of letters.  I find some sets easy, and others challenging, but I have always been able to think of at least one word for any set.  Even with the easy sets, I have to think fast to get a three-letter word, four-letter word, and so on, before it changes sets.It's great for when I'm not sure how much time I'll have to play because I can quit a game any time.  This is a must-have app for Wordies.  No problems loading on mySamsung Galaxy Tab, it doesn't hang up, and there are no intrusive ads."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While the name suggests a simple application, the dev did (is doing?)  a good job. Very configurable, with different lines and coin requirements, and multiple near complete themes. I say near complete because there is only one set of sounds. The dev may be intending to add more as there is a custom theme option which allows you mix and match machines, symbols, and sounds.The graphics are done pretty old for the machine, symbols done much better. The game runs very stable and smoothly."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Having this information available on your phone in a timely and effective manner, almost as it happens, is a fine example of the best of the information age and what it means to all of us.  Whether you're an investor or not simply isn't the point really.  The information available here drives the quality of all of our lives.  And its in your hand with this app and well done at that.  Some may not like that it doesn't rotate the display but the info on offer simply doesn't present well in any other format then potrait mode.  If you're interested at all in what is really going on in the world this app is one piece you should have available."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I give this a four versus 5 stars only because I haven't used it all that much yet and still don't know everything about it. I did take my tablet with me in the car the other night to where I had no wi-fi signal and as we drove around I was able to find signals at various houses. This will be handy because so many of my apps don't work outside my home as I have no data plan, only a wi-fi signal within our home, unless I go to the library. Good app, and am glad I put it on my Kindle."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I read the issues of freezing and people downloading it, and then having to remove it for different reasons. I give an app of this type time to see what it can do for finding those access points known as hot spots. I can follow the readings ok, but I too wish it had a free adds version available. Maybe that was going to be for this offering of an WiFi analyzer from this company. Test and use over time will tell, if this app is worth keeping on the Kindle Fire HD Tablet. I will give it a try, and I will keep searching for others to have a possible back up of the same type app available for my Kindle Fire HD. I think the multitude of resources like the guide books and manuals help one know what is true or works true to use."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great for looking around at Wifi networks, their security levels, channels, strength.Great for walking around your home and determining who's nearby home is interfering with your network, and on what channel you can best set your router.Great for finding dead zones at work, or anywhere.With the optional Connector Library, you can click on a net and connect.There are many tools like this, surely, but this one's simplicity and ease of use (we call that \"usability\" in the biz) put it ahead of the rest."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I usually know where the hot spots are in my neighborhood, and I sure know where there are no networks on my hikes, but this analyzer told me when I was having problems with connectivity in my home office. I started \"losing strength\" a couple of nights ago (the bars went from 5 to 1) and, with a business network account, this just shouldn't happen. But I used the Wi-Fi Analyzer and sure enough, mine was one of the weakest of six networks in the area. Then I noticed a pattern: always weaker at night. Last night, I had to \"reinstall\" the connection, and today it was confirmed by my provider that they've been having problems. The Wi-Fi Analyzer got me a one-month credit! (Results may vary: I've been with the same provider for 5 years.)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Another (Must have) for Kindle Fire users. This one has like 5 setting to check out  just about all you need on your wi-fi.. One has a meter thats great to see where are all the Hot Spots at around the house.. You can even add a beep to it do drive everyone nuts!, beep!!!  beep!, lol. Fallow my \"review list\" here on amazine to find out whats the Best that other Kindle Fire users are useing. Thats all I put on my list.. Nothing but the best for you.. Enjoy all."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I added this to my Kindle apps to test my WiFi since I had never used this feature of my router (I've only used wired connections so far). The router was on the floor about 50 feet and two walls away from the big screen TV where I wanted to stream Netflix videos in HiDef through the Kindle Fire HD 8.9\". It turned out my signal was a little weak at that end of the house. By simply raising the router to eye-level in the room where it is installed I increased the signal substantially. I've also used this to find and measure open WiFi networks accessible on my Kindle from parking lots where I was waiting for my wife to finish shopping. It's a useful and interesting tool. WiFi analytics Tool also works, but I preferred the displays on this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this app to troubleshoot problems I was having in my wi-fi network with some people being unable to see my access point's SSID advertisements. Within a few minutes this app gave me enough information to solve my problems!The two most useful parts of the display were the channel spread per access point, and the signal strength. The channel spread showed me that I'd picked the same channel for my wireless network (11) as my neighbors, which was causing conflicts. I moved to channel 3 and there was no longer spectrum overlap. Also, another display showed the DB strength of my wireless signal, which made me realize that the placement of my router is less than optional. Not bad for 10 minutes with an app I used with a wireless deployment I've had for months.If you're experienced with wi-fi, this is a useful diagnostic tool. If you're NOT experienced with wi-fi, this might still show you some interesting info. I recommend it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First of all, at this time it was free.  Having said that, I would pay for the app later if they came out with a Pay version.  I am very visual and it immediately showed all the WiFi connections in my block.  It has several screens that show the information in graphic format and one screen that shows the strength in a full screen \"Vu Meter\".  This helps with the Kindle finding a sweet spot in the house.  I am using it on a new Kindle \"Fire\" and it does not appear to have any problems at all.  Another real nice feature is that it shows on one of the color screens the channel you, and others are on.  This helps as I was able to move to the \"high end\" on my router while most of the others in my area were clustered around the low area.  Once again ... very nice, visual, application for use with my new Kindle Fire.  Thank you"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I read the online help & everything.  Honestly, this app did nothing for me.  I saw some pretty graphs but that was it.  I saw that my signal is the strongest.  If that is what this app is form fine but other reviews made this out to be a way to boost your signal & I never saw anything like that.  Like I said, I saw some graphs & my signal is strongest.  Not worth my time to download this, even with it taking less than 10 seconds."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you're curious about your Wi-Fi connections (and those of your immediate neighbors), this little app is fun to play with.  There are five different graphs/readings included that indicate the strength (or lack thereof) of your signal.  It can also be used on the road when you're looking for the strongest Wi-Fi signal to use.  There are also a number of settings included if you want to tweak your Kindle further.  All in all, quite practical and not too technical."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When you move, your Wi-Fi modem just might be having problems because everyone in your neighborhood is on the same channel.  WiFi Modems use channels like Walkie Talkies, and when there are too many on the same channel, your WiFi Devices have a hard time reaching your modem.  This little gem will tell you who is on what channel, and what channels are not being used so that you or your internet provider can change the channel to one that is not being used, and you can enjoy delay free streaming!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have spent endless hours using this tool to look at networks at home, at work and school. Very cool to be able to SHOW someone why their network doesn't work very well. Very responsive receiver and graphics and the response rate can be changed in the settings. Like many aps, you have to take the time to explore. Much of what makes it valuble require you to change some of the settings to refine what you are seeing. The only improvement I could suggest is more clarification on looking at 2gHz versus 5gHz signals. But for what it does it is outstanding!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app does a good job in locating the wi-fi around you - which helped me determine that the $100+ I was paying monthly for my wifi and my phone was not worth it.  I could get the same number of bars with a much less expensive internet company.  I tried it at my friend's house who had the inexpensive package & the bars were the same.  I encourage everyone to try this experiment for themselves.  The app is free, so what could it hurt."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a handy little utility for detecting Wi Fi sources in your vicinity. Within moments, you can see what other users are online in your area and what channels they are using, for both 2.4 and 5 GB. If you live or work in a crowded environment with lots of sources, you can more readily select a channel that will minimize interference. The information is available in a number of formats.Obviously, a utility like this doesn't do much, but it uses very little memory and is easy to use, so it' good to keep it on your device until you need it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a good app to analyze the wi-fi signals around you...and if you live in a suburb there will be many.  Just about everyone now has a wi-fi router in their home.  This app identifies every signal within range and can graph their strength.  This is good as you can walk around your house/ airport/ coffee shop/ whatever and find the areas with strong signals/weak signals.  The best part is the real-time graph which clocks signal strength over time.  You can even do a screen shot and send it via e-mail."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Analyze the signal strength of any wireless connection. Determine if your wireless router channel is receiving any conflicting signals from other electronics, microwaves, etc. Choose the channel with the least interference for the best wireless connection. determine signal strength in different areas of your home. Do you need to move your router? Do you need a signal booster? Are you having fluctuations in your signal strength? Does your neighbor have a stronger signal than you? Which public wi-fi signal is the strongest? I have had this great app for a day and it has already helped me answer those questions and more."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the first wi-fi analyzer I downloaded, but being curious, I downloaded a few more, but this is the best of the bunch. It has the most features and the easiest to understand features. I even paid for one of the other ones that I downloaded because it had pretty pictures, and it was the most worthless. This wi-fi analyzer is now my most useful app. It continues to amaze me how wildly a signal will vary, especially if it is a so-so signal to begin with."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved this app. It is interesting and fun. It levels. are challenging and make you think. You can change the speed of the orbs and you can choose between two moods, survival mode and regular mode. What more can you ask for. I loved it all of it, except for the time limit. I mean several times I was one orb away from beating the level, and time ran out. I found that incredibly annoying. I would have played survival mode, but I like beating the levels. I really loved how the levels were layed out though. The idea of going through tubes to get to other tubes is genius. I highly reccomend this app it is 100% worth the price. If you are looking for a fun entertaining and somewhat addicting app, look no further. Dragon Fire is here."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a nice little game - and excellent value for free paid app of the day. Works very well on the Kindle Free.You need to operate switches to get blobs of differently-colored fire to a color-matched home. The speed control is a very nice feature. You can take it on the slow side and it can be quite relaxing. I can only guess at how hectic it would be a full speed! You can adjust the volume for the music and the sound effects. Incidentally, the music and sound effects are fine and not annoying.This is a very solid 4-star plus game; however, I went up to 5 stars to counter some of the earlier negative reviews, which I felt were not justified."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoy this game very much. I find it relaxing to play and I even enjoy the music. It is one of the few games I play with the sound on. I play every level until I get a perfect score on them all - and then reset the scores and start over. I really don't understand the bad reviews. Must be a matter of taste. I don't much care for high stress games but I don't mind thinking. Play in on Kindle Fire so the SD card thing is not an issue."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I agree with another reviewer here, who pointed out that this Dragon Fire lacks an option to change the settings of the game, in the event the player is colorblind.As a colorblind American, who has extreme difficulty telling the difference between reds, yellows, and greens in software, I encourage game developers to include options to turn on a &quot;colorblind&quot; mode.Many game developers, such as PopCap, already routinely feature this in their games.This game, Dragon Fire, would be greatly improved if such a feature was added in a future update."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've used Splash ID since the Palm m505 days.  Over the years it's been very reliable and stable.  It doesn't offer as much GUI distractions as some of the other password storage programs, so it does look/feel dated.  However, when combined with the new desktop manager, I still cannot imagine life without it.  If you are carrying over an old .VID file, the new one requires a lot of patience to properly import everything.  Splash Data's customer service was helpful to fix some of my mistakes."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used Splash ID for years to keep track of my hundreds of passwords and other important information. I have the app on my iPhone 4S, Nexus 2013, iPad 3 and Dell laptop. My laptop serves as the &#34;master list&#34; and it's very easy to sync any of my devices with my laptop to keep track of any additions or changes. I sync via wifi.The app lets you create your own categories and supplies ample fields for all of your information. This is one of my favorite and most used apps."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I thought that this app was suckish bcuz it didn't really make alot of sense at first and it took forever to load onto my kindle fire and also u just move the moon phases around and it tells wen it was so tht didn't reallly make much sense to me bcuz who would buy a 99&cent; app wen its really only worth $0.00. this app is a peice of CRAP! DO NOT BUY THIS APP IF U DINT WANT 2 WASTE 99&cent;!!! I repeat do not buy this app unless u r a collector of crap apps!!!! the guy's reveiw above is probably tryn 2 get u 2 buy this peice of crap app cuz he made it and wants 99 more cents! don't waste ur money! this app sux!!! DO NOT BUY THIS APP!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This \"Moon Phase\" app has a lot of nice features, showing the current phase of the moon in your location and has a calendar function to show the phase on any given day, forward or back in time. Besides making good \"Wallpaper\", this is great for planning star gazing nights since you can see if the moon is going to be bright. The \"Cheese Mode\" is fun, but I will not be using it regularly.The app installs and runs perfectly on my HTC EVO and Kindle Fire.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Downloaded this as a FAotD. Great deal. It provides detailed information about the moon phase, as well as a beautiful, detailed image in the main app. Loads quick, no issues on my HTC Amaze (Gingerbread 2.3.4). Turning on the detailed shadows brings the image alive....But wait there's more -- you can interact with the image, dragging the phase and seeing what day that will be. Changing the date to go forward or back in time. Dragging the image to see the dark side of the moon. It's fun!But wait there's more -- Moon Phase Pro provides a Live Wallpaper that turns my HTC Sense lock screen into a changing image of the moon. (It's a shame to hide it under home screen widgets and icons.)But wait there's more -- the app gives you several dynamic home screen widgets, with or without data at a tap. So much for that last bit. ;) )I like this app, and heartily recommend it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The tribal council called a midnight council last night to discuss the most alarming threat to the pack:  MPP.I too howled my objection, &quot;in the past we bite without discrimination. It's unfair that we now have to take a bigger chunk out of the iPhone, BB, WP carriers.&quot;The council nodded in consent.  In the end the elders decided to move forward with plan B: the Chinese.  &quot;We shall encourage the Chinese to speed up their moon mining ambition.  When they blew up the moon or disturbed its orbit, this app shall no longer work.&quot;&quot;In the mean time, to maintain fairness to all on our victims, please limit your biting of hipsters, suits and Bill Gate.&quot;"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "What more could you want from an app that shows you information about the phases of the moon?  Unless, you're a NASA scientist, I can't think of a single thing that this app doesn't provide.  And, in the process of providing this great information this app also makes it extremely easy to find and use.  I love the intuitive way you navigate on this app to enter your specific location and other \"what if\" information.  I was literally up and enjoying this app within less than five minutes.Who knows...when I become a NASA scientist maybe I won't like this app, but until then I'm going to stay inside (you go out in the cold MichaelH) and enjoy all the neat stuff this app has to offer!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have absolutely no reason to know what the moon phase is, but I downloaded this app because of the Live Wallpaper function.I'm always looking for cool new wallpapers, and this one is definitely cool.  The graphics for the moon are superb, and as a background it simply looks amazing.When it comes to the rest of the app, I don't really know much about moon phases, but it seems to be solidly written and works very well.Overall, for what I'm using it for, it's definitely a five star app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is an interesting calendar tool and astronomical guide to lunar activity.  On the main screen it shows you what the moon will be like today.  You have to enter in your location to get accurate information.  What I like is that by touching the calendar symbol at the top you get a monthly calendar and it shows the lunar status for every day of the upcoming month.  You can even look months ahead.  If you touch a day the lower  of the screen provides a larger view of the moon on the day you selected.By touching the data button you can review all of the lunar activity for that day with all of the scientific data provided to you.  The place button wants you to enter you location to provide you accurate lunar data.  You also have a clock function in order to advance the data or time to see the changes in the view of the moon.I gave this app 5 stars for the quality of the data provided and its uniqueness. It is interesting!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Raised on a farm, I've always been told the moon phases affect crop growth and development.  My father even had a garden competition with his father to try to prove this was wrong.  His garden looked great.  Bushy, leafy. Healthy. But not much crop.  His dad's garden looked punier but bore like crazy--an abundance of green beans, great looking corn, cucumbers, tomatoes.  The fact that planting by the phases of the moon might have that kind of effect fascinates me.  And being only a so-so gardener, I can use all the help God can give.  This was a Christmas freebie.  It offers information on moon phases.  Garden season is approaching.  Here's hoping this helps!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Is just something I downloaded for entertainment. However, I seem to have a curiosity on the phase of the moon. This program does that. It even has some other features such as a calendar to show what phase of Moon will be in on a particular day of the month.There are a few things that were a little rough around the edges. This program can be moved to the SD card. This is a very important feature, since most of my tablets are of the older variety and is good to make room on the main flash drive. The first time I ran this program on the card, it really didn't want to work. But that was the only time that it complained. It has fired up correctly since then. It does not show correctly what part of the moon is lit up, though the amount that seem to be correct.So, it is something to play around with, and doesn't take any space on the main memory."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "To address the one oft mentioned issue. The developer is now aware that it shows waning gibbous for today (1/8/12) and it only seems to affect today. He is working on a fix for it. If you're guess that means you get a quick reply from the Dev, you'd be absolutely correct.The app works beautifully on my Droid 2 Global and I had no issues with it freezing. However, I did use the back button to exit out and not the home button. Overall, between quick developer response and the very slick, nicely done app, can't help but give this little darling a 5 star. If you like having the phases of the moon at your fingertips, this is the app for you and with it being FAOTD? You can't lose. ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Stunning moon images in this very easy to use moon phase app. Controls are easy to find and use. And app is extremely easy to set up. All I had to do was enter my city and state to get the current phase of the moon. The calendar of moon phases is also excellent. You can check the phase of the moon for any day, just for fun I checked what it was when I was born. Also very impressed with the responsiveness of the developer. I would have been happy to pay for this app, but I got it as the free app of the day. Kindle Fire. For a laugh, be sure to check out cheese mode."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is awesome. The graphics are so amazing, it's like you are at space camp looking at the moon through a telescope. You can see it with several different graphics settings too. It's so cool to turn the moon with my stylus or fingers, on my Kindle Fire HD, to view all sides of the moon. It even adjusts the date and time, when you spin it to accurately display the time your hemisphere will or did see the moon from that angle. There is also a calendar button so you can view the different moon phases for each day of the previous, current, and future month(s). Love it! And it's really only 70&cent; with the 30&cent; credit Amazon gives. Totally worth 70&cent; if you are into the moon or it's phases/cycles."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "l became interested in the moon as a child when my parents bought me a 60x Tasco telescope 50 years ago.  l still have that scope and now use it with my grandchildren.  This app brings back fond memories of the times l had with that old scope.  As nice as it looks on my Galaxy 3, the way it looks and runs on my new Kindle Fire HD is even better.  Be sure and switch to the dynamic imaging to get better pictures of the lunar surface.  The \"Cheese\" mode is kinda cute (albeit useless)as well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Starting easy, this puzzler has you match two orbs in a line to eliminate them from the field.  Eliminating all orbs from the field completes the level.  Later levels have you matching 3-4 orbs and stars (count as 2 orbs) to clear them.  The graphics are good and the sound is decent.  Oddly enough, the story is what kept me playing through all 100 levels.  The lack of an ending to that story is the only reason I dock this game a star."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "One of the things I look for is &#34;unique&#34; games -- games that provide something that isn't already available in dozens of other games.  (Can you say &#34;match-3&#34; or &#34;hidden object&#34;???)  Totemo begins as a very simple concept, but quickly graduates into some extremely challenging levels, all based on math and logic.  There is some &#34;background story&#34; -- though it does not affect the gameplay at all, and frankly is pretty mundane for the most part.  But anyone who likes a logic challenge should enjoy this game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a game that will stretch your pattern recognition skills. Basically, you need to remove circles in groups. They have to be in columns or rows. Each level seems to have a couple of \"keys\" that will help you get started. I didn't need more than one try for a level until I got into the 20s. I find that it is very satisfying to clear a board.The visuals are pleasing. I think that this is a game that I will enjoy playing for a few minutes here and there until I finish it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've read that because this is a HD version it cannot be played on the first or second generation kindle fires. It actually can. I own more than one HD game and its just as clear as any other game. Now as far as the game goes: it's alright nothing great but not horrible. It's basically a matching game that gets harder as you move along. Kills time but I've played better. And the totem that &quot;talks&quot; to you is neither creepy or cute is straight annoying."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My husband used this app when my soon was born and it was great! Being able to sync the day's goings on with the baby is so helpful, especially if you have one working parent and one stay at home parent or care giver or a child on medication daily that needs to be tracked. I would love to see this app used in a childcare facility. Being able to instantly see what's logged is great to keep everyone feeling like they're involved in baby's day even when they're at work. Granted I haven't used it in months, but the Dev was responsive and even considers user recommendations! Must have for new parents!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't use Facebook very much, so I can only say that from what I've seen, Seesmic for Android does a pretty good job with Facebook. Of course, the official Facebook Android app is so atrocious that a flaming sack of dog feces is preferable. As far as the Twitter functionality of Seesmic, I can definitively say it's great. I've tried a number of different Twitter clients for my Android phone and tablet, and Seesmic was the one I kept coming back to. The timeline is smooth and simple to navigate, managing direct messages and @ mentions is quite convenient, and searching across Twitter is dead simple. It's been over a year now since the folks behind HootSuite acquired Seesmic, but the Seesmic app has (so far) not been effected by that. If you're looking for the solution for using Twitter on your Android device, Seesmic is it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Tweetcaster has more features, but Seesmic was enough. I liked that Seesmic didn't ask for access to low level system log files (like Tweetcaster does) but disliked that it wanted my GPS data. Seesmic has a nice refresh button. It is hard to tell when something has been retweeted, and by whom. FB integration did not work for this Kindle Fire user, either. I would also have liked the ability to use a darker theme. I am keeping Seesmic and not Tweetcaster mostly for the data access issue."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app does what I got it to do, which was to handle the feeds to and from my facebook account. I can post my status updates easily, message friends, search, and read updates and view pics.  In other words, it does the basics well.  I also like that several posts that I was not seeing with Facebook's app were suddenly appearing.However, I noticed that one of my regular friends suddenly was not available through Seesmic (I checked the website, and she hadn't unfriended me!).  The other thing that I can't find is how to check in from a location).  For me, if those two issues were fixed, the app would get a 5."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Other reviewers have covered this title's strengths and weaknesses pretty well already, so I'll just summarize my experience with the game:Strengths:- If you liked Military Madness on the the Turbografx-16, you're in for some nostalgic fun- The units, the game play, it's all just like you remembered it, as far as I've seenWeaknesses:- The AI is weak, and the difficulty (particularly if you played the original game) is fairly lowDespite the weak AI, I'm enjoying playing through it so far.  It is sort of a bummer that it's not available for the Fire, though."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Graphics look nice on my kindle fire and gameplay is smooth, ui is easy to use. I'm a newbie to freecell, but I finally solved my first one after about half a dozen previous attempts.Couple suggestions: allow undo's all the way back to the initial state (currently, I think the undo's are limited to 10 or so ?). Secondly, allow user to move a card from the Aces area back to the tableau -- currently, I think once you stack a card onto one of the aces stacks, it won't let you move it back to the tableau.  These two features are absolutely critical when you need to backtrack in order to find the solution.  When these two issues are resolved, combined with the killer graphics, this will be the app of choice for playing FreeCell."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Between the epic story line, the better-than-reality visuals, and the unique and innovative game play, robotfindskitten is a potentially world-changing phenomenon.  This experience, (for \"game\" simply fails to sum up this masterful app,) will end wars, feed the hungry, and impregnate the virginal.  God has returned to Man and His name is robotfindskitten.This app would be a bargain if it cost your life savings, yet in further proof of its perfection the price is zero.Ia! ia! robotfindskitten fhtagn!(The above review is facetious and should not be taken seriously.  For a similarly amazing app, have a look at Hello Android, on the official market.)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I agree with the others that the price is a bit steep for what you ultimately get: a simple timed word-forming game in the style of Text Twist. I was originally optimistic about this game, but once I played it a few times I realized that the only \"goal\" is to try and beat my own high score... over and over again. This may be perfect for some people, but I have become increasingly accustomed to games that offer a variety of different backgrounds and other rewards; I tend to be ambivalent about the rash of games that don't have these things, despite the capabilities to make them. I think one redeeming point here is the \"hidden words\" section -- but that's about it. By my third play, I was a bit tired of testing the limits of my vocabulary in the way this game wants me to."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Like everyone has said before me, the graphics are AMAZING on my Motorola Xoom. However, as soon as you start to get into the game, it's over.If you like Professor Layton's on Nintendo DS then you would like this game. I guess it reminded me so much of Layton that I was expecting it to be longer.This is just a taste of an actual game, like maybe an inning of a baseball game. Not even an inning. Just one side up to bat.If this was longer, I'd give it 5/5. But I would expect to only devote an hour or less to play the whole game. Just as long as you realize that, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can't believe I spent actual money on that, let alone time. Game play itself was cute, and the graphics were good, but otherwise not a great investment. Not only were some clues completely non-intuitive, but it took all of an hour to get through. That's it. I would have hoped it would take at least a few hours to justify the price, but no. And it's not as if I'm some skilled gamer who whips through games day in and day out. I'm very much a casual, infrequent game-player, yet this was mostly way too easy for me. You're not missing much, believe me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Got this app when it was free and was very pleased with it. Beautiful and a lot of fun since I'd been looking for a good mystery game for a while. But, like everyone else has been saying, it is a short game. The end does leave room for a possible follow-up, but alas, there has been nothing. I got so excited when I saw an update was available for it, promptly installed it, but nothing has changed. No new chapter, no part 2, no difference whatsoever except a tiny option change that now allows for FX volume adjustment in addition to music volume.I would love a real update to this game with more gameplay. Until then, only 3 stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Grisly is an old school point and click adventure with high quality graphics and fun, challenging puzzles. Like all point and clicks it suffers from repetition and the sense that all you are doing is going back and forth, room to room to re-click things now that you have the key and so on. Grisly also suffers from small screens and big fingers when it comes to finding stuff. On many screens you can just push everywhere until things pop up. Not much different than moving your mouse around the monitor till your arrow turns to a hand.Overall, Grisly is a fun diversion and a neat trip back in time to old school games. It is easily one of the better looking and functioning games I've played so far. Fans of the genre should pick this one up. If you don't like point and click, don't mark the game down, just don't get it.Worth the cost."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this game is realy cool its a little hard at times but still very fun the game has great graphics this game can be very frustrating but still my faverite mystery game works great on the kindle fire.COOL GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is very reminiscent of games like the Myst series, 7th Guest and 11th Hour.  Its a bit quirky and the storyline is a bit obtuse which leaves one with a very loose idea of where to look next in some areas.  In games like this the fun is all in the delivery, the story unfolding.  Unfortunately thats where this one falls short... and speaking of short.. if the delivery were better and the clues/solutions a bit more logical this game would take all of about 10 minutes to play though.  I wish I could give this a 5 star rating but even though it is entertaining and has a good atmosphere it just leaves you wishing for more. But the creators have my sincere appreciation and applause. I wish more gaming companies would work to supply the fans of this genre with hours and hours of entertaining deduction."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I purchased this for my Kindle Fire because I really enjoyed playing The Lost City, but this was a disappointment.  Although graphics quality is excellent, this is really, REALLY too short.  It took me maybe an hour to complete it. Also the last puzzle was really finicky (blue circles on basement door) and the lightest touch will cause it to reset so that even if you've solved it once, you're forced to do so again (and again). Also, the ending was lame - a real anticlimax.It was also pretty easy, but I don't mind this if there are a lot of visually interesting scenes or landscapes.  In this game the graphics were nice but again there were only around ten different settings."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "'The Secret of Grisly Manor' is one of those room-escape style games where instead of breaking out, you're breaking in and exploring. The puzzles and item usage is pretty standard for a game like this.I wouldn't say that the game is too short like some of the other reviews here, but I would say that once you've beaten it the first time, there's no point in replaying it because there aren't any puzzles that will take you long to beat again or any game mechanics you'll forget and have fun relearning."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First, have to mention that if any of you have played the Nancy Drew games they will understand how much easier this is to play.Based a bit on those mysteries, but not with the complex moving around rooms to investigate, the action and finding of clues is entertaining enough and for the price, quite good.  The fact that it was short, played in less than two hours with a granddaughter, by candlelight and flashlight (power outage)  and the ending was a 'cop-out&#34;, caused me to be disappointed.However, I am sure that children and preteens will enjoy it, so based on age I think it will work fine for some.  Being a 79 year oldGreat Granny (who has played mysteries with grandchildren) might not make me the right person to review this adequately, for those of younger ages.  I guess what I am saying, is the challenge is there for the much younger generations, though not necessarily for teenagers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was worried about this game playing on my Kindle Fire but it played beautifully. I see a lot of complaints about it being too short and it is a bit quickly played only if you're familiar with this type of game. Besides the game is only  49&cent;. I just wish it was longer because it was so fun. I did need online help with some of it. For players new to this type of game, ignore nothing and tap on every inch of the screen because if you don't you will feel like a complete idiot when you get help and realize the answers are staring you in the face. I know I did."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i have trouble getting this started on my lg optimus S but when it does open and doesnt force close it's a really well done app i have found fun and challenging. nice artwork and scenery, and very exciting when i figure out one of the clues and puzzles. i got it as free amazon app of the day download but would be willing to pay $1-2 for it. rated it down one star cuz of the trouble getting it to run. usually rebooting my phn does the trick."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The Secret of Grisly Manor is a nice little puzzle game in line with the other two FMG games I have, Adventures of Mosaika and The Lost City.  However, Grisly Manor seems more like a prototype rather than a fully formed game and features present in the subsequent games are sorely missed here.  The Journal is particular, which saves a great deal of time retracing the path back to previously-explored rooms to review clues to puzzles.  On the other hand, perhaps that was deliberate in order to artificially inflate the amount of time it takes to solve the game.  Because as short as Mosaika and Lost City are, Grisly is practically a blip.  The puzzle solutions in Grisly weren't as involved either, which is troubling as the other games are not exactly complex.  The Secret of Grisly Manor has atmosphere in its graphics and sound, but as a puzzle game, while acceptable, it doesn't compare to the rest of Fire Maple Games' offerings, even at 99 cents."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "A great point and click game. You have to go through a house and find clues and apply them. No annoying hidden objects. All the clues are reasonable and discoverable, and you have hints available too. I only wish the game were a bit longer. This is also a good introduction to this kind of game for newbies or younger players, at least in part because you will be able to finish it and not have to go through fifteen scenes to get back to where you need. I wish Fire Maple would make more games like this!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So the game play is fun and amazing, but my issue is the fact that you only need to solve about 5 'puzzles' to finish the entire game... For $1 it's a pretty decent investment for those looking for a way to kill 30 to 60 minutes - or more if you want to drag it out. The problem I had was I found out the solution in 2 nights of playing for about 10 minutes total. Great play, good price, would also love to see a sequel - or maybe a longer version of the same?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So short! My goodness! Love Fire maple games though! This one, Trapped in Wonderland, the lost City. The lost City is my favorite! That one isn't as short, &amp; really cool cause you get to play mother nature and change the seasons back n forth, can't cross the lake? No problem, just turn it to winter, so that the lake will freeze, THEN just walk across! Stuff like that is allot of fun! Thanx guys for the awesome time&amp; effort! Keep em coming! Waiting for sequels!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you seem to be having issues, it may be your phone. They say that any Android is a good Android, but they say a lot of things. Much like anything else, if you buy something cheap, it will work like something cheap. Also, people need to learn their phones. no matter what anyone tells you, they don't REALLY think for you. Anyway, this works great on the Samsung Fascinate, and even if it didn't, I'm not the type to complain about something free. People today.....I swear. LOL"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This sounded like it converted EVERYTHING so I bought it. I work in a Nuclear Lab in the US and the first thing I wanted to do is convert millirem (mrem) to either microsievert (Sv) or millisievert (mSv). No go! Sievert is a common European radiation measurement. Works great for many others things and says it will convert radiation exposure measurements BUT I am still stuck looking it up on the web.Up date:After checking the web site for this app I see it does Radioactive Decay NOT Radioactive exposure like I thought...my bad. I raised to 4 stars (not 5) because for me Radioactive exposure is much more important then decay. Maybe it will be added??Up date:I sent e-mail to the developer with my suggestion and got a very positive reply right away. Very nice! I now believe this is a 5 stare app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was very excited to find this app, but I had a little trouble figuring it all out.  I guess I would have liked a little explanation of what it all meant, but after a while I was able to use it a little.  I'm sure that many people had no trouble at all, but then I'm not the most clever when it comes to these things.  If I were, I wouldn't need a &#34;Convertor Pro&#34;, would I?  I will spend more time and rise to the challenge & in the end, I shall conquer!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "After installing this app on a Samsung Galaxy S3, my battery power significantly decreased so much that my phone couldn't even make it through the work day. I uninstalled, the app, and my battery usage returned to normal.  So I installed a new battery in my phone and re-installed this app.  Again, battery power took a nosedive. And again, I uninstalled it.  I really would like to use this app, but it is doing something in the background that drains the battery."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm unsure what I'm rating here... I buy all of my tunes from Amazon, the prices are usually fair, there's no DRM telling me what I can and cannot play it on or how many times I can listen to it before it disappears (iTunes and Wally World, for instance). I've also noticed that I can buy explicit (uncensored) music at Amazon, I absolutely HATE listening to a tune where they've chopped and butchered it to make it &#34;clean&#34;!!! Not much &#34;storage&#34; space for things purchased in the past, so I store it on Google..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Last month, after installing (and using once to listen to 3 songs), I get a notification from my carrier that my data limit had been reached.  After investigation, Amazon MP3 app had indeed downloaded 2.5 GB of &#34;background&#34; data to my phone.  I have no idea what it downloaded, but my plan was throttled until the end of the month.  After setting the &#34;download only on WiFi&#34; option within the application, again this month (just verified that the setting to disable download except on WiFi) another 2.3 GB of data was downloaded in the background.  I really liked this app, but I must uninstall it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon has really impressed me with their music store and system. Purchasing, downloading (and re-downloading, if you need to) are all simple. Playback is fairly simple, too.What will make this the best (it's not there yet; I am aware of the limitations):- adjustable bit rate streaming- enhanced flexibility in the player (playlists, tag editing, etc.)- purchase streaming-only version for a fraction of the cost (enable upgrade later)- mark previous purchases as purchased, and inaccessible for re-purchaseKeep up the great work!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The number one benefit of this music app for me is the ability to sync music to multiple devices easily with a wifi signal. That was my criteria for choosing this type of app. I like that we can play the music by accessing the amazon music cloud and not just by downloading each song on my kindle as long as I have wifi. I vary the amount of music I want loaded in my kindle and this app makes it easy and convenient to download individual songs or remove them and leave them only in the music cloud to save space. There is a limit to space available without paying for more and it is ok but not great. How can we complain though for a free app with free reliable service. The music streams seamlessly from the app or the cloud when playing, as well"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love absolutely LOVE it because it's NOT i Tunes. I hate having to buy music threw a company that will only let me listen to it on their devices (without jumping threw hoops to download it).Amazon accepts most of my current library & let's me purchase music at the same or better rate as competitors. Another of my favorite features is the fact that the upload & download system is a smooth & seamless process (oh the frustration i tunes have caused me over the years).Another great feature is the format- MP3's, rather than one format that can only be used in that company's devices. Being such a universal format it's much easier to use in all kinds of devices.Having everything on the cloud is great too. I don't have to use up my devices' memory & I get the same [music] on all my devices with only doing the work of adding to one. That also means no more, \"which device is that song on?\"!I LOVE IT!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This MP3 player is useless on my Samsung Galaxy S3 Android 4.04 phone. The app will only use the phone's internal memory to store all of its data. All the wasted megabytes for their album cover cache, and you can get about 15 or 20 albums at most on the phone (depending on other apps you have) before you will fill up an S3. Streaming is fine, but that only works when you are on Wi-Fi unless you want to eat up your small (these days) monthly G4 LTE bandwidth cap. Which is fine if you only listen to your music occasionally, but not so cool if you are an every day audiophile like anyone who would bother to pay a monthly fee for Amazon's MP3 cloud progam. So yeah, it's useless. Deleted app, canceling cloud subscription, will just use a competitor cloud product and rip CD's or whatever, if they can't make it convenient, then what good is it, really?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the best way to play your favorite tunes with or without WiFi. You buy your music (the prices are very reasonable- to cheap) you download IF you want it on your device for anytime, anyplace listening. Or you can leave your tunes safe in the cloud so it does not take up any storage, you start the wireless and listen that way. Either way, the selection is nearly infinite. All the old classics to the newest hits....And best of all; NO Commercials!  And you don't have to listen to anything except what you want to hear. For listening on your phone or tablet, this is the real deal. No hidden fees. No upgrades. Just straight out jamming Your Way!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The app in its former life as the MP3 app was very good - at least 4 stars.  The new version is only worth 1 star.  What is most annoying is that whenever I startup the app it spams me with a full screen ad for Prime music with no obvious way to get to my music.  I thought this trick was reserved for malware.  I finally discovered that pushing the back &#34;button&#34; twice quickly on my device  I could get to my music.  This is not how an app which is supposed to stream music I pay for (either by purchasing it or by subscribing to prime) is supposed to behave.  I really wish there was an alternative app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I previously wrote a negative review years ago... But now? WOW! Prime Music has changed everything for me, and I'm happy to endorse this app and the service! I've deleted the old review and have totally changed my mind.My only complaint now is that this app is NOT compatible (or available) on Amazon Fire TV, and this just doesn't make sense! I can load Pandora and a dozen other music services on the Fire TV, but Amazon's own Prime Music service isn't available on their own hardware? WHY?!?  Amazon, PLEASE get with it and put this app on the Amazon Fire TV! I would definitely get a lot of use out of it!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app on my smartphone. I can listen to any of the 431 Albums of music I've purchased from Amazon (over the years) on my phone, With headphones it sounds as good as an iPod. The app either lets you listen to the cloud songs, or to songs that you downloaded onto your device, my case being my smartphone.I would recommend this app for anyone who has a smartphone or Kindle (prob other tablets too) and who purchases mp3 songs/albums from Amazon. I ALWAYS use WiFi so I don't use data on my phone data plan. I've had no glitches, no freezing, no issues at all."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon cloud where all your music is stored with unlimited space was supposed to be free with my Kindle Fire. plus I'm already paying $70 a year for Amazon Prime! The Google Music Manager still has unlimited space for free (or when you purchase music from them). that's where I will be headed when Amazon says my time is up, rather than getting nickled and dimed to death and having to choose and upload those 25 songs. Bah bye, Amazon. my next tablet won't be a Kindle."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use my Kindle Fire at home to listen to music. Now I just grab my phone and get in the car and hook up with the blue tooth and have all my music with me. It's the same simple format as the Kindle and I can play right out of the cloud without having any music on my phone and all. I read all the reviews complaining about the app size. And I'm surprised that people so tech savvy have not figured out why they can't get the music to their SD cards. It's a business process, not a personal issue, or a technical aspect.I suggest they should put down their phones and live life a bit. Maybe even put a soundtrack to it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm a big Again fan in general. We have a kindle, three kindle fires and three Android phones in the family that heavily utilize Amazon apps. We have Amazon prime. We had the free upgraded cloud storage because of Amazon music purchases. But the cloud player really isn't worth the new $25/year, and the free 250-song limit is not going to cut it for us. So, we deleted our music from the cloud and are moving to google music.The Amazon mp3 app itself was ok, but never great. Leaving it is not a hard decision. Initially, I had imported all our music from iTunes. It copied the playlists, but nit the folder hierarchy, so dozens of organized playlists became a massive mess. Streaming worked ok, but obviously was heavily dependent ion the network connection. So I ended up copying my most-listened-to music to my sd card, and the built-in music player works very well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have HTC Rezound, and I don't know why, but this app does not work. I've updated it, reinstalled it completely and it still will not show my songs. If I flip back and forth (with the buttons) between store and music player/cloud, it will flash the song for half a second (I can see the album art), but there's no way to play it. My music just doesn't show up in the app. My husband also played with it, trying to get it to work, and had no more success than I."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Pretty much what it says on the box. An array of pumpkins &amp; bats appear on your home screens to be tapped and destroyed. If this sort of thing takes your fancy, by all means, download it free while you you have the chance. Otherwise, it isn't worth the normal asking price.It can be used either as a mini-game or live wallpaper. There are plenty of options for visual customization, but not a whole lot of gameplay, unless you create your own challenges like trying to keep the screen completely clear of targets or seeing how long it takes to get 1,000 points.To summarize, check it out if it looks good, play with it for 10 minutes, then uninstall &amp; go enjoy your Hallowe'en."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "works well, easy set up if you already have a blog, tap the bottom center, 3 lines in a boxadd a blogpreferences: comment notify, update interval,  play a sound, vibrate, blink,post a signature, tag line to new postscan add a new post, new page, quick photo/video, display pages, view comments[ edit, reply, spam, approve, trashsettings, account details,, media,[ set default  image size, upload/link to full or scaled imagelocation, geotagging the post,reader option, this is where you will find the blogs your are following,stats, tracks the viewswould give it a 5 star, missing the logout. option, can not figure out how to logout."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this app for a month or 2 now.  I love it. It makes it very easy to post - update - edit- to your blog. You can upload videos or images. It has a drop down for category so you can see which ones you are using. There isn't one for tags though. Something I wish I had known prior to using more tagging then categories on my site. Everything works pretty flawlessly.  You can browse to your gallery and then click share and share to your wordpress blog. My only problem is that if you post pictures through here and you have a lightbox plugin on your site it doesn't seam to allow the images to lightbox out . I have to repost them."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a good app.  It doesn't do anything that IMDB on your laptop or desktop doesn't do identically.  However, if you want to experience a genius use of IMDB, install the Google Chrome Browser onto your laptop or desktop. Then add the free IMDB extension for that browser.  Next time you are reading about a tv show or movie, highlight it with your cursor.  All of a sudden, the extension lights up on your toolbar with a red number.  That number is the rating for the movie or tv show.  If you want to read more, click on that red number and a new tab will open and you are there on the very page and can read the synopsis, reviews, cast list, etc., I use it every single day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As has already been stated, this is really just another version of the mobile website, however I think that it has slightly better performance.  I prefer the app layout to the mobile theme because it just looks a little cleaner.That being said, IMDb is one of those websites that I can't live without.  Before I discovered IMDb, something or someone would come up in conversation and we would rack our brains trying to remember an actor's name or the name of the TV show that was being discussed.  Usually we wouldn't remember it and then sometime, days later even, in the middle of something completely unrelated, the name would pop into my head...  Alan Tudyk!  THAT'S IT!.  With IMDB, I can easily find what I'm looking for an get the answer immediately, rather than days (or weeks) later."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's true that this app doesn't have any additives and is really just a link to the IMDb website.  But, for me, it proved very useful today at a presentation where a former film critic for a major newspaper was discussing various films.  I was able to quickly access the IMDb website on my Kindle Fire, which proved quite useful in following the discussion.  I had previously used the website to look up movie times and to see where a movie was playing locally but I would not have used it in an audience setting if not for the app, which made it very easy to access the IMDb website.  For me, it's a valuable tool to have."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I haven't seen any reviews that include this, so I'll edit if I figure out a way to avoid this. When you die in the game, you start over. Not the level, no... the entire game. Back to the first dungeon. Also, apparently I have to be very careful about hitting quit, otherwise your progress won't be saved. Other than those two issues I have, the game is fun. I feel a little helpless when I can't find a new word though."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have to agree with many other reviewers that it is frustrating to not be able to have your progress saved.  It is also a bit Monty Hall when looked at as a quest game instead of purely as a timed word game.It is a challenging word game, especially when you are attempting to make a word from rapidly shifting letter tiles.  I also find the objects found after defeating the various foes pretty amusing.All in all, a cute little word game with an interesting slant, good for a waiting-room game.  With a little more complexity (ie collecting found items for a bonus,  or perhaps an honest-to-goodness quest), and the option to save your progress,  this has the potential to be a 5-star game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like this word game because it has a different twist to it.  I actually worked a little harder to find longer words which I was able to do. So far I have only made it to level 8 and when you make it this far you are occasionally given a cool book of lore which gives you a choice between two rewards. It does seem to get challenging in a hurry, but that is okay with me because it last about the right amount of time for playing. I am happy that it closes when you exit the game.  Also I thought the game gave enough vowels and appropriate consonants to actually be able to spell words. I feel intrigued enough to want to keep playing. Highly recommend."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Really, this one is about a 3.5 for me.  However, I can't rate it that, so I rounded it down.  It's not good enough to round up to 4.The gameplay is simple enough, make words to defeat monsters.  However, it can get tricky because you get the same letters throughout an entire dungeon.  So, if you fight a bunch of bad guys, you can run out of ideas.  If that happens, you'll probably die.To be honest, I probably wouldn't have paid money for this game.  But, it was free today and it looked decent, so I got it.  Maybe I'll like it better over time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Interesting game. I could care less for the story line but the game with its levels and bonus letters is fun and challenging. The dictionary that you play with has words that even people with a good vocabulary will never find them all. I like that it reminds you if you have already used a word. and that it allows plurals and other varients of the same word. Makes the game fun even for the children. It has three levels of play and that is good too. Over all its a little above average. Not my favorite game but certainly not one to uninstall the first day you have it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I finely had a day of peace and quiet to work on my own projects (so I thought) I am sitting at my desk doing paper work for the Music Recording Studio that I own and operate. I had unlocked the door so I could open it to let fresh air flow in the place. Now sitting at my desk doing paper work,  then with out warning four of my friends rushed in scared the heck out of me! They took my phone off my desk and left, to say the least I was not in the mood to chase my phone down! When they returned and gave my phone back, man what a fantastic surprise. I opened my phone to my last screen now loaded with a &#34;full blown&#34; MUSIC RECORDING STUDIO! The main component is the J4T Multi Track Recorder! I spent the rest of the day putting it thru its paces. I was amazed! It performed rather well,  all so very awesome Thank You!  Are there any plans to develop other Gear?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like this app a lot and have listened to several books.  You get one free audible book and after the first month, there is a monthly fee.  If you are pinching pennies this might not be for you.  You get a free credit each month for one free book.  To me, that more than pays for the fee.  There are also offers for books that can be purchased at low rates. I bought a book for $7.95 this month.  It's a very good deal, for me. It's easy to order books...I go to audible.com on my desktop computer, browse through the books, and place my order. I wait a few minutes, go to my Kindle and bring up the Audible book App...click on download. Some books take several minutes to download...Easy Peasy! I love it, you can control the volume and the speed of the reader."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app definitely needs some work.  I have been an Audible subscriber for 10 years = many, many audio books in my library.  There are  NO JUMP LINKS in this app.  If I want to get to a title that starts with &#34;W&#34;, I have to scroooooooollllllll alllll the waaaaaayyy to the boottttttttoooom.  Give us the option of an alpha jump list!!  It's not rocket science.I'm not too impressed with Amazon for Apps either.  It took about 12 times of searching for this app for Amazon to spit it out in the search results.  I really like the Android mini-tablet but the software offerings are not quite yet ready for prime time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "However, now with Audibles new format unfortunately you can NOT download anything using IE anymore unless it is a temporary thing and it was frustrating to find this out and unfortunately I had no choice but to download Chrome Browsers in order to be able to get into my account and work as usual. But I have to say that their new format &#34;SUCKS&#34; sorry but it does not only because of the change in Browsers but the new format is NOT as easy to naviagate as the original format...my thought is &#34;if it is not broken DON'T FIX IT&#34;!To me it is very frustrating and I did NOT like the fact that AUDIBLE DID NOT INFORM THEIR CLIENTS/MEMBERS OF THESE CHANGES AND THAT WE WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO USE INTERNET EXPLORER...it worked just fine before!SO DISAPPOINTED"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My only complaint is that this won't play audiobooks I don't get from Audible, but since it doesn't say it will I can't fault it for not having that feature. I love that I can change the speed of the book I'm listening to and skip between channels, the latter being something I can't do on my current player unless the files are split into chapters (the former I couldn't do until I bought an add-on). Otherwise, this is a clean and easy to use app that I've really enjoyed and has worked flawlessly on my Galaxy S3."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So the only time I ever use this app is if a friend is talking about an item they can't find. I always pull out my phone and see if Amazon has it and then tell them to get it on Amazon. I have made a couple of one click purchases on it in an emergency but otherwise I never use this.I pull Amazon up on my browser because this app really only has 2 functions: search for items, one-click. I can't view my orders, my account, track packages, or anything like that.I would just like to have more options that what is provided. Also, the layout is very difficult to navigate. I mean, if you are a loyal Amazon fan like me I'd download it just to have it but don't expect to use it much.99% of the time I just pull Amazon up on my phones browser since the app is so useless."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a must have app if you frequently shop on Amazon. It runs really smooth on my evo, makes shopping on amazon a breeze. Much easier to use than a mobile web browser to view the web page on your phone. I use it frequently when I am out shopping and want to check prices and reviews. Amazon is almost always cheaper than local stores, so its an easy way to save money.Ordering items through the app is very easy. I have completed the process several times and had no errors or order problems.The one problem I have with this app is the bar code scanner. I can almost never get bar code scanners to work and this app is no different. I often feel like an idiot standing in a store trying to get this app to read a bar code. On the flip side, the app almost always finds the item I am looking for when I search via keyword search or texting a picture."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've had this app since 2011 and have been very happy with it.  However, last week I was prompted to update it so I did.  What a mistake!  Now it doesn't work.  It says it does not support digital purchases.  Then in physical merchandise, there is no Buy button.  So it doesn't work!  I've got it installed on a Samsung Galaxy 3S phone, the same device I've had it on for over a year.  So it was that last update that rendered it unusable for Samsung products.  If you have it already and it is working, DON'T UPDATE it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wish review people would stop making it mandatory for us to write something, maybe we just want to give it a good star rating and go about our day. Crazily enough some of us may be too busy to fill out some long review about an app for our phone or tablet. That's not to say its not a good app but I'm just saying requiring us to type something seems like a dick move, maybe you'll consider changing it or maybe I'm just blowing smoke but more often then not I opt to not do reviews because I don't feel I should be required to type anything. Thanks for the app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It does a decent job with just searching, so props for that..I guess. It's ok for price comparing, but there are apps that do just that better. Lacks a lot of the convenience amazon is known for. Can't really just browse, which for an app, thats exactly what i'd actually want to do. As other guy mentioned, the permissions this app asks for, a little strange. With that and the overall experience this app feels more like bloatware, something that verizon would stick on a phone, than a clean app that makes my life easier. Lot of potential in a good amazon app, so I hope they put more time into this."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "How could I live without this app? If you need to find apps. for your tablet this is the way to go! It's simple to use finds what your looking for in a heart beat. This is the one I use the most. I can even use it to purchase apps. or products while moving about the house or any place I have3 a WiFi connection. ( mine is not a phone, just a 4&#34; internet tablet) The only problem I ever have with it is, I loose my connection. This is no fault of the Amazon application. I highly recommend this App. AMAZON MOBILE.  Semper Fidelis"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a scanner for my local EMS,Fire ,Police , but i wanted the next best thing for my Kindle Fire .. Wow this was all i hoped for i did not know how nation wide these scanners could be . I'm a Firefighter and can usually know when were going to get paged out before my pager ever goes off . I just like to be in the know before the heart starts racing . You wont believe the clarity of this app. I now know its what ive been missing .Its like the police, ems, are outside my door clear and unwavering reception ! If your a pro or just someone who likes to keep  up on whats going on in the neighborhood you need this app. !  No problems w/ local channels and or nation wide coverage great app thanks !!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Love this one.Very cool,you could listen to it all day and into the night.Oneof the many features is that you can literally listen to any band in the world.I have relatives living in the states and a broad and be able to dial into their towns and hear not only police traffic but also their weather.Just another great feature is going to the browse section,it will tell you if anything major is happening in a city that is going on.To many features to list,just sit back and enjoy playing with the scanner."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have had the PRO version about six weeks. It delivers great adjustable Audio, A Favorite button, add from a huge list. All I had hoped for and more. A tap of the screen takes me instantly from full coverage of Chicago to areas of New York City to A County S.O. in Texas. If you live with anyone, use headphones and enjoy listening to calls about true crimes, true breathless chases after the bad guys, and the satisfaction of \"In custody.\" Crime may not pay but this APP pays off big time. Where is a cop when you need one...Right here!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's a very good scanner program and is very easy to use and understand and works great on my Kindle Fire HD. I only have one disappointment about it. I live out in the country and about 40 miles or so from our County Sheriffs Office and the county I live in is not listed. So, I have to set it for the large city that's about 30 miles away and not in the County in which I live. We have no local Police Department and our local volenteer volunteer fire department is not listed in it either."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've had the pro version of this app for over 2 years. Absolutely love it! We live 2 blocks from the fire station &amp; becuse I'm nosy, it's perfect for finding out why the sirens are going off. This app uses internet streams that people broadcast to the internet, not the actual fire/police frequencies. The scanner is in real time though, because of the internet streaming you won't be able to get car to car, specific police or anything like that unless the person streaming that area is also streaming those frequencies. If you want that kinda stuff buy a real scanner, but if you just wanna know what's going on get this app. If you get the free version too you can stream 2 different frequencies. I scan the county &amp; city police with free version &amp; county fire/ambulance with pro version. This is the best app of this kind. I've tried them all. Great app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for an app to use as a scanner and while the free version on this app is fine the PRO version is finer. I use the things one puts on the home screen to listen to both police and fire but I have to manually switch between the two. I wonder if we could choose our favorites and then have the app &#34;scan&#34; each of them? I know it must be possible, it's in the name, but I haven't figured out how it can be done. Also I worry that the source website counts on it's users to provide content and you know how fragile that can be. I mean people are fallible and at the most critical times they may just forget to turn on their home scanners. Then what do we do?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am a former busy amateur radio enthusiast, but about the only thing I do with my radio now is to listen to police, fire, and other channels.  This device is SO much better than using my radio.  If I can't find something in my own area, I can listen into channels in so many other places where they are always busy.  I am very glad I got this item, and I recommend it to everyone else to pay the small price for some very good entertainment."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My daughter got this game for  her Kindle Fire, and we've played many times together.  The only thing I DON'T like about it is that if you want to jump more than one space at a time, you actually have to get permission from your opponent!  A box comes up asking if it's okay to jump more than once and if you hit no, then you can only jump once.  I don't think you should have to get permission on a game like this because you can use it against the other person, and the rules of the game are that you CAN jump more than once, period!  Other than that, it's a good game of checkers without the cats knocking the pieces all over the room!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This to date is the best mobile checkers app I have come around, game play is great and the UI interference is well designed, the android computer opponent can be set to challenge your level of experience, this app also includes 2 player mode so you can play against your folks. Overall I would definitely recommend this app to anyone looking or a good time and a sturdy checkers app on the go. There is also a free version of this app called checkers free which is basically the same, but if you enjoy this game frequently remember to support its creators who brought you the opportunity to enjoy it, you will also want the paid version if you detest advertisement which can get annoying and in the way of your game play. This publisher also offers an outstanding chess app if you like to play chess, it's called chess premium or chess free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As many have said, this follows a very similar premise to the classic. Pac-Man. The controls are very simple and easy to use, and I like that it's not a joystick like other games. I move off joysticks and lose control, having a control point to touch around is very nice.The 'calibration' (moving the control point) is supposed to be long-pressing the control point for 3 seconds, but for me it seemed more like 5-6 seconds.The messages do pop-up quite frequently, so turning them off is a must (haven't done it yet, but noticed a review said you could). A better option would be text popping up along the top, not a box pausing the game every 5 seconds.Great game, love it, love the new control point control scheme, far easier to use than virtual joysticks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "playing on a kindle - game works great! no problems with controls and I usually have trouble with them. you can move the control stick to wherever you like so it is comfortable for you. I have not played all levels yet but enjoyed what I have played. the breakaway talking is a bit much but can be turned off - radiant had the same chatter and I am used to it. (I got that one from the faotd awhile ago)  this game is definitely worth a try and is amusing!! if you like arcade type games from the eighties you will probably enjoy this."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game presents a clean aesthetic where you control a square that must escape the other &#34;evil&#34; squares trying to catch you.  You get some neat powerups that let you destroy them (like the power pellets in Pac-Man) and there are some other puzzle-type elements.  However, after just a few levels you feel as if the game has run out of ideas and you're stuck just playing more difficult versions of the previous levels.  It also tries to present a &#34;story&#34; with quotes from certain other block characters but it all falls a little flat."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is like a new, modern version of Pac-man, just without turning the ghosts blue. The game is a little more maze-like than Pac-Man and you have to think sometimes in order to solve certain puzzles. The graphics are decent but the sound got annoying in a hurry. Make sure to turn off that music! I did find this challenging enough to want to keep playing for a while.While it is pretty fun, but I found myself frustrated with the controls as I would try to be going a certain direction but my finger had slid too far away from the control area and I would stop moving altogether. Or fitting in some tighter spots can be a little difficult. I did get better with practice, but I kept getting frustrated by them."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game tries really hard to be a new spin on pac man, only thing is, pac man did it better and is still going strong after 30ish years. The graphics are mediocre. The controls aren't great. But if you like pac man style games, you may like this, even though it pales compared to the original, and even some good knock offs I've tried. Installed it twice because I really wanted to like it and give it a 2nd chance. But I know I'll never pay it, so I uninstalled it for good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ok I tried this. Instructions are simple, and plain, but when I tried to move around, it was awkward. Something that will take a few tries. First try, didn't get caught, so I guess I did something right. I give it 4 stars, because its not a top notch game yet. I may Change it as the game continues, when I have time to continue.  Overall, its cute and interesting.Reading reviews of others...just be honest of your gaming experience.  Others may rely on your comment before downloading. And who uses &quot;twit&quot; anymore?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was a big fan of their other game, Radiant HD, so I was expecting another great one here. Although this isn't my typical genre of game, the premise is promising. Unfortunately, the game is ruined by a tiny control pad in order to navigate around. Yes, you can move the joystick location by holding down it down, but my issue is with the size of it. It is simply just too small, so you're constantly pressing on the wrong direction or area. Fix this minor problem and this game would get five stars from me!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this game is way better than pac-man because it has more things you can do then pac-man. I wont give any of the secrets away, but u can move stuff and trigger things and even get shockers that make the red squares(bad guys) freeze for a bit...( kind of like pac-man). There is only one thing I would change and that would be the controls. idk how I would improve them,but now they are abut hard and ive died a few times because of them. but besides that, this game is awesome!! #waybetterthanpac-man(;"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Pros:1) Is fairly feature-rich2) Has an associated thesaurus2) Not much elseCons:1) Larger than advertised - installs at 6.18MB, NOT 3.12.2) Requires an internet connection (to support the ad bars along the bottom - why else not have the word list and definitions on the device instead on lookup).3) Fairly large memory footprint. Not a problem for more modern devices or those with memory to spare but smaller or slower units will suffer.Overall, not that terrible if you don't mind the ads and the forced internet connection (both of which I despise), but might require that you watch the memory usage."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use to love the Dictionary.com app. Now, I tolerate it. The most recent version tries to predict what word I'm looking up, and it's nearly always wrong. Sometimes when typing in a word, it will display a drop-down menu with a list of possible words. My word will be in the list and I will click on it, but at least a third of the time, it doesn't know the word. How can the word be in your drop-down list, but you don't have a definition for it?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I find my spelling has gotten worse throughout the years and I always want a dictionary available. (I like to think this is a result of a dependence on spellcheck, rather than age!) As a former English teacher, I love being able to check the spelling or find that perfect word in my posts, saving myself the embarrassment of getting caught slaughtering our language online. I find myself using my Kindle more for posting, now that I have the convenience of Dictionary.com with me on this devise as well as on my computer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is a great app, I love it so much! I use it at least twice a day. It's great for weather you need a long, detailed, complicated definition using the dictionary, or if you need the thesaurus half of it for short definitions, synonyms, and antonyms, they've got it, which is great and helpful. Also, above all, it speaks the word, how great is that? So no problem if you don't know what an upsidedown a means or what an a and an e put together mean: &AElig;. This app saves my life every damn day. I love it, and it's time you start loving it too. Get it now, it's free, why not?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the best dictionary ever. My son told me about this and it has everything in it and so easy to read- plus it speaks the word for you!  awesome.. the definitions are easy to understand.  I just love the word of the day.!  It had a problem for a few days and when I told them about it they fixed it so fast. ! I share all the word of the days with my friends. This is the one to get. Awesome people!plus it has Spanish words. !"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this app is great and very handy.  the kindle fire comes with a downloaded dictionary but if you wanted to find a word it would take a very long time.  u might not even find the word.  my English teacher makes my class do sentences on words people have never heard before.  I have to write down a definition for the word and half the time I cant even read it because of my handwriting. but with this app I can just type in the word and it comes up instantly.  so if you have a kindle fire with the bad dictionary than I highly recommend this app.  and any smartphone for that matter."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a simple app that I thought my young grandchildren would enjoy. I was surprised that the 3 yr old isn't interested in it & the 2 yr. old gets bored quickly. I actually have fun with it...hmmm...what does that mean? Anyway, some reviewers state that younger children have fun with it.You can make a big bubble by holding your finger on the screen, or several bubbles by touching & moving your finger around the screen. Tapping a bubble will break it. Just like real life some of the bubbles break on their own. Nice bubble sounds.It works fine on my Kindle Fire HD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I installed this Solitaire Game on my Kindle Fire HD as a second game as I noticed the original Solitaire Game will sometimes hang up after playing the game more than 10 to 12 times before the game is won.  I haven't noticed any problems with this game, but I noticed this version is easier to win than the original game I installed.  Both games are good, I have noticed that numerous Apps that are listed as free for either games or other things are just as good if not better than the one that one has to pay to get.  Would recommend any of the Solitaire Games with 4 to 5 Star Rating that are free for the Kindle Fire HD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great Graphics and lots of options for display and play settings make this one a keeper.  Most other Solitaire apps are either very low graphic quality or paid app with too much excess stuff included.  This nice app has ads but they are on left side of screen where they do not bother at all on my Xoom tablet.  I got this app to replace a Solitaire App by &quot;Mobility&quot; that has now added some OBJECTIONABLE ADS for Dating sites, etc.  Luckily I found that  ODESYS has done a nice job with this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There are two things I ask of a Klondike-type of solitaire program--Vegas scoring rules and a deck of cards that is easy to read.  Most (but not all!) programs have Vegas scoring, but very few have visually appealing cards.  They are invariably, crude, fuzzy, or just plain unpleasant to look at.  Solitaire (Free) is one of two apps of the nearly dozen I've looked at that satisfy both of my criteria.  The other is Klondike Solitaire by Softick Ltd.  Unfortunately, Amazon system won't let me insert a link to the Amazon page for the other app, but you can find it by using Amazon's search feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The game is good but there is nothing new in this version of the game... I have played many different versions of this game for PC, and Android.. Almost all are identical .. the only thing the really changes is the graphics from game to game and the design. but the play is the same and the rules are the same as well. Fun and challenging game to kill some time. Not a game I would keep on my Tablet for to long only cuz it only has 112 levels and in a matter of 2 minutes I beat the first 10 already.. seems too easy but it's still a time killer. Fun game for kids to play to keep the distracted. 4 stars for the game only cuz it lacks change that sets it apart from the rest."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Music was good though repetitive.  Scoring seemed off in that a single move would sometimes count as more than one.  There really needs to be a reset button you do not have to dig through menus to find.  Also the reset button does not work right if you have finished the level.  It puts all the bricks back but does not return the red brick.  Finally the controls seem to be off because when I drag a block all the way across the field, i find i have run out of screen before I get the block half way across which means more moves since i have to lift my finger."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Overall, I would just rate this game as \"ok\" and not something I am going to keep on my Kindle Fire - the puzzles can be challenging here and there, but it's really one of those mind-numbing things where you move a few Tetris-looking shapes around trying to get a certain shape into a certain area of the grid.The menu structure for this game is fairly non-existent once you start play.  If you are in the middle of the \"novice\" section as an example, and would like to move to a different challenging level, nothing really happens if you tap the \"Menu\" item on my 8.9\" Kindle Fire.I picked this up for free as the free app of the day vs. it's normal price of $0.99 - for free, it's worth a shot, but save your buck once they start charging for it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "After reading reviews, I had to check to see if ads were there.  I LOVVVVVVEEE this game sooooo much!!One of the 1st games on my Kindle Fire and it works perfectly and looks great!. 30 more puzzles were just added which brought total to 240, I think. I have been planning to purchase the full version, but I can't see how much better it could be over this one. And, I have worked on my stats so much, that I am now afraid that if I download the new version, I might loose my stats!!? Has anyone lost any stats or anything yet??This is a great game; I love games to make me use my brain!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was lured by the first 15 puzzles. I was cocky and feeling full of myself.Then \"BANG!\" I was thrown a tough one. I was not so cocky any more! The puzzlesin this game are good strategy builders. The target number of moves seems easy at first,until you realize that each move is scored by the smallest square on the board. So far,I have only done one puzzle that I came even close to matching the target number of moves.That, however, will not deter me from trying to beat it!! Give it a try, and you will beamazed, frustrated, elated and relieved!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The thing that stands out the most is the copy/paste feature for your usernames and passwords. It puts 2 ongoing notifications in your notification bar. So suppose you open your bank app, which resets when you goto another app. You pull down the notification bar, click the username notification and paste it into your bank app; repeat for the password. Ultra convenient.Plus, the passwords are encrypted multiple times (as many times as you specify), and the password file just saves on your SD card - if your phone kills over, you still have your passwords on your card.Finally, the organization is simple and easy to use: make categories and group the types of data together.GET THIS APP!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Perhaps I don't understand the program all that well, but I have used Rob oform for years and can't get along without it.  Unfortunately, it has no Android app.  If I could find a way to import my Roboform passwords, I would like it a lot better.  The thought of having to add 100s of them into a new data base is daunting.  I'm not sure if the resulting KeePass Droid data base is encrypted or not.  Wi-Fi is so vulnerable."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't like this game very much, they have words that you don't even know. I bought this app because I wanted something fun to do. I did a few games and I noticed it had kind of hard words. I had it on the setting, animals, and it had kind of animals I didn't even know. If you're someone with a large vocabulary then you would love this app. But if you're someone who is.a super genius then I wouldn't recommend this app. e"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a good game. It is nice to be able to play the game against the computer, because then you don't have to admit to anyone else that you like to play hangman. ;)However, I HATE the font. It's hard to read some of the letters. For example, the \"O\" looks like a diamond that has been hollowed out, and it has four sides. I suppose it is supposed to look like someone chiseled the words out of a rock tablet, but it doesn't, and it's just annoying. When you're using letters to guess a missing word, and you have to keep remembering what the letter you're looking at represents, that's a drawback. With a better font, this game would have rated five stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I played this gave with three of the most read people I know.  One had a 10th grade reading level in 4th grade, they couldn't get the answers either.  I think in their effort to not make it too easy, they did the opposite.  You might loose for example, because  the word was a plural and you didn't spell it that way or because you had to live in Africa to even know that animal existed.  I'm sure it will be just what some people want.  Just not me.  I'll stick to scrabble and make words I know with the letters I have."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is hard.And its always acting up.If y'all like like this y'all crazy! Like this one time I put in the right answer and it put in a really bad word so I called the people that owened the game and they said they ment to do that so I said this is a bad game they said don't talk to me like that they said a cusing. word thetheman said I know where you live I said I'm going to call the police ok he said. a bad word THAT'S. MY REVIEW YALL!!!!!!!!! DON'T FALL FOR IT YALL!!!!!!$$$$$$ LOVE NUMBER 7"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is really good. I love it but the only downside is that when you play single player your playing with the computer and the computer gives you words that you don't even know. Like krill like seriously 5 years old play this there not going to know what that is. And the computer  is hard to beat it like wins every time. I highly recommend this game to people who love hangman and want their kids to enjoy. But if you let your child use this game don't let them play single it's t ok hard. Play with them and go easy on them their little. Really get thus game it's so fun!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "if I could best believe I would give zero stars! why you ask!? because I was able to open this once. one time. the first time. after that it force closes before the app fully opens! I am not exaggerating when I say I have tried over 100 times in the past 2 days to open this spit up. I try turning my kindle off then on. nothing. I try getting closer to my routed. nothing. I even prayed that this here would open. nothing nothing NOTHING!!!!!FIX THIS CRAP AND I WILL GIVE BETTER RATING. OTHERWISE IM GIVING 3 DAYS AND WILL DELETE THIS WASTE OF SPACE.see what y'all done did. I never give one star reviews but ya made me..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Other websites about real estate only list properties currently on the market. This one give the value of all properties. I looked up my own home and found an underestimated quote but I was able to add details to the description that changed the value. Now when you look up my home you can see a more accurate value. If you live in a tract development this may be helpful but where my home is each house is different,custom built, so all are different. This site also give past selling values of homes and that can be a real eye opener especially in this changing market."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been a subscriber to Zillow's web site for almost 2 years. This application does much more than what I was ever able to do on my phone. I have had great success in saving my searches for specific properties as well as searching for specific locations. This is a tool that I would rate as a must have for someone wanting to relocate, research, or invest in property. I would strongly recommend this application! I have not once been disappointed in my research using the Zillow app on my Kindle Fire."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Zillow just seems to be lacking in a lot of listings that I have seen for the &#34;homes near me&#34; from other apps that I have used. It's almost strange that I can turn on a different app and find 10 houses near me for sale in my price range, but with Zillow I can't even find 10 houses for sale near me in any price range. I still use it when I'm searching, in hopes that something will pop up. Usually, it doesnt. It is detailed when I finally find a listing though!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While it provides some good information and will help you find out how much things are going for in a neighborhood.  It isn't always up to date exactly.  Sometimes a property is sold by the time you check it out and call on it.  Other times, it's off the market.  Some of the photos of the neighborhoods are out of date satellite photos and some new developments that are built out are still showing are bare earth.  All in all, it's a good tool, but caveat emptor, especially in anything to do with real estate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm appalled at the level of ignorance and vitriol in these reviews. How can this app steal contact data when it doesn't have network permission? Access to contact data is required to add birthdays, anniversaries, or appointments. It's a shame that ignorance and anger is leading to fewer developers submitting good apps for FAotD. Amazon app reviews are rife with ignorant trolls who have inflated egos, an unwarranted sense of entitlement, and who aren't half as smart as their smart-phones.This app works great for its intended purpose. It's a handy adjunct to my Google Calendar."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Yesterday, I upgraded my Evo to Gingerbread. After the update, the password manager that I was using wouldn't even open. I was perturbed. This morning I checked the Amazon free app of the day, and saw this. I downloaded it, and am in the process of retreiving all of my passwords one by one to enter in to this app.This app has many customizable categories, many of which I will never use. So, I just delete the entire category. This app is EXTREMELY customizable.I really don't see what there is to dislike about this very useful app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i have mSecure on my PC desktop, iPod and Kindle Fire HD. I use this app everyday on my PC - I like the security of having a backup on my tablet devices. At best I can say that it's a very stable app and the sync works perfectly. At worst the Android app is way overpriced for what little value it offers. However, it's GUI is underwhelming and setting up a new type requires each and every field to be set up manually - not even a default 10 field setup or ability to copy from another form. Changing the type can result in lost fields. The copy/paste to feature is a bit wonky - but it's probably the fault of Windows or the FireFox browser."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm not a huge fan of the labyrinth type of game, and this is one of the less well polished versions I've tried. The graphics are quite mediocre. The ball seemed to want to catch and get hung up on everything. Many of the mazes have openings that are just a wee bit too small to get the ball through, so you have to figure out the proper path in addition to avoiding the pitfalls. Most annoying however are the moving sections, which can make the difference between finishing in a few seconds and taking a minute or more to finish.The app also has OpenFeint, for those of you who don't like being spied on.I think $4 is far too much for this game. $2 would be a more reasonable price, if it were a bit more polished. In its current state, 99 cents would be appropriate.Works on the Evo 3D and the Xoom."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played a few labyrinth type games and this one of the better ones.  The 3D is a little misleading because 3D cell phones are coming out and this does not take advantage of that feature.  It is only 3D in that it moves around several dimensions and isn't flat.The game is pretty responsive and I didn't notice any lag.  The challenges are some of the better ones I've seen.  This was actually a lot more fun than other Labyrinth games I've played and it kept my interest far longer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "it seems odd that a free app like mint.com will populate all of your data for you but easy money requires a tremendous amount of data input.I agree with bacchus' review below so I won't repeat it, but this app appears well suited for people who don't know how to manage their money and don't realize that 9 dollars for an app is ridiculous when a better, free app is available.the app does do exactly what it says so I will give it 3 stars but I would be very disappointed if I paid for this.thank you amazon for the free app of the day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been using this app for 2 months on droidX with an occasional FC I could live with in reboot its that good. but I just upgraded to Droid RAZR and it stores photos on external SD storage, this app us nit picking up the receipt photos. also I bought from Amazon market but when I am prompted to review the app it opens Play where I cannot leave a review for it.  don't let these 3 stars stop you from buying this excellent app.  if dev fixes the RAZR photo issue I will be updating this review. the photos are important to me as they are proof of taxes paid"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I snapped this up for the FAOTD, hoping to finally get a grip on my budget.But if you get bi-weekly payments, you are SOL. There isn't an option for bi-weekly pay. Which is quite a glaring omission. Just doubling up doesn't work, since with bi-week you can get more than two payments every so often.Please fix! I don't mind this since I got this for free, but if I had paid almost ten bucks for a budget app that doesn't contain one of the most common types of pay periods? I'd be ticked."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Once upon a time... I was searching for a budgeting app &amp; came across MoneyPro. Lots of good reviews, tons of features, but it had too many features &amp; I couldn't figure it all out. Disappointing, I paid $7 for it! Searched again &amp; decided to try a free app this time-Toshl. Really cute, got the job done, but not enough features! Searched again &amp; there it was EasyMoney! Has lots of features &amp; its easy to understand utilize + I got it when it was free! I love it, got rid of the other apps &amp; can now live happily ever after...that is, as soon as I find a publisher for this novel sized review!Thanks for reading:)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am not sure what the people who are complaining about this app are taking about. I have been using this app for a while, and have had no problems with it. As far as having to manually enter transactions I don't have a problem with it. There are many times when I go and buy a number of different items that are in different categories. If these transactions were automatically entered it wouldn't show that. In fact if the transactions were all entered automatically it would not show any categories. The bank certainly wouldn't know what category to put a transaction in. I have found that the app is very easy to use, and works very well despite having to take 15 or 20 seconds to enter a transaction."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "On my moto atrixI still use MS Money.  I have never found another program on my PC or my phone that I enjoy because they are all loaded with so many features.  the beauty of easy money is its simplicity.  I know the only transactions in my ledger are what I put in.  this is what I am looking for in a $ app.no this app doesn't sync or download transactions.  it is a tool that you use to stay organized. this is why I like it.Easy money has not been buggy and it lets me create backup files and that it what is most important to me.thank you handy apps for not making something anymore than what is necessary to stay organized."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been using this app for over a year now and think it's still be best money manager on Android. Devs do a great job of listening to users and adding/fixing features. Ten dollars is the most I've ever paid for an app but I consider it money well spent.Edit: I see this is the FAOTD today. Guess that means all the crazies are gonna come out to trash the rating for any number of reasons that have nothing to do with the actual app. It's a shame, really, since this is a terrific app that does what it says and does it well. I'm still using it a year and a half later... not many other apps I can say that about, if any!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Now that I'm officially retired, I need to get serious about budgeting.  This is billed as 'easy',  but there are no instructions and I'm a babe in the woods with this stuff.  I never could put a budget together - only create categories but found no way to put a $ figure in.  Where I accidently did (how??) I could not put in cents.Now I have to figure out a way to return it and get my $10 back.Not easy at all.  Needs a help or how-to option."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a few accounts in a few currencies. This app doesn't have any conversion, doesn't support conversion rates, doesn't support transfer between accounts in different currencies, etc. so if I'm now in Eurozone country and use my American card to withdraw cash in euro, I can't manage this with this app. Since I have more euro cash and less dollars but it's a transfer actually. You can't also get a summary of your accounts or any reports that include add all your accounts, just currency by currency. This makes the app totally useless. AndroMoney handles it and is free. Uninstalled."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been doing this kind of cash flow monitoring in excel for many years and have finally found a good replacement with this app.  I like the future recurring transactions capability the best so I can forecast my cash flow multiple months at a time.  I would give this app the full 5 stars but the backup and export features cause the app to force close.  this is very unfortunate as I purposefully bought the app with these features in mind.  oh well.  it still rates high for me anyway.  htc incredible."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Worked on other Kindles, just not on Kindle HDX. The app's UI functions for me, but the streams are choppy and go in and out. Pandora and Digitally Imported do not do this. I have tested on home network and at work and I get the same thing. This was my favorite radio app. Hopefully they will fix soon.I used Tune In for Years. Thankfully there was IHeartRadio which give me the local radio I need with my Kindle HDX. I installed and it works as advertised on my Kindle HDX. The one CON against IHeart;  Tune In still has maximum flexibility to find all the terrestrial and online stations. Something that IHeartRadio cannot do. I wish they'd fix TUNE in for Kindle HDX. Based other reviews TUNE In is in no hurry to do so. Too Bad.Update 11/06/2013:They fixed it and all seems to be OK again. I guess I can uninstall IHeartRadio now."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Being on the move a lot, i miss my local UK radio.  This software has opened my world again.  It was a breeze to setup the BBC radio stations and i am loving how will integrated it is to the Amazon Fire experience.The favourites section is just great and the radio discovery piece again, beautiful.  Nice touch where it detects where roughly you are in the world (based i assume on IP) and offers you the local stations.The UI is clean and sharp and listening to a radio station while using other software on the device proves no difficultly.  Sadly on the Amazon Fire, if you are listening via the browser, as soon as you move focus away from that tab, or the device blanks the screen, the radio stops.This software is the missing link ... and best of all its free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use this app a lot, especially when I travel. It really is the local radio station and not just random music.Some radio stations are not able to be played at certain times. I assume this is due to paid programming (ie Bob and Tom Show, etc) where the radio station subscribes to a program. This is frustrating, but I understand the issue. I would think that there would be a way around it because the you can listen to the radio free from that town, why not listen to it free from further away.I did find that if you listen to an actual radio and listen to TuneIn, they do not match up. There must be some delay before it get's to TuneIn. This delay is not 1 or 2 seconds but possibly minutes or several songs.It's still a great app and I use it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a 7 inch tablet just wifi and this baby has all my favorite local radio stations , is fast loading, sounds great and when i tire of them i can search the world market for something else.If you like talk radio it has all the different political preferences,and categories like religeon, etc. .If you just like comercial free oldies or classical or lite rock, what ever trips your trigger you can find it.If you see a news story say in Alaska and want to find what the locals are realy saying you can find it easily with this Tune In radio app.BTW I would like to thank AMAZON for providing the public with an astounding amount of \"FREE\" apps. Also my tablet uses FROYO kinda old now but still is able to play and use thousands of apps.."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I purchased this app so that I could listen to my hometown basketball team (pre-season games) while visiting my mother on the other side of the country.  While it linked to the station back home, it didn't play the same programs.  I think the custom local feed, was not used in the link.  This was disappointing.  I ended up watching the play-by-play on NBA.com.When Alaska had an earthquake that triggered tsunami warnings in Hawaii, I didn't find much here in the Hawaii listings."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was very pleased with this app. I have an Internet radio and it occurred to me that there should be an app for Internet radio and I found this one and gave it a shot. I was especially pleased to find the police and fire radios on it. That's a nice bonus if you hear sirens and wonder what's going on. In a matter of seconds I can have the local emergency radio channels on and be listening to what's going on. It's been a very good little app for me. I like it a lot."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When my sister was in the hospital in ICU we wanted her to listen to music. We found Tunein on the Kindle . It came in clear and we witnessed a miracle. At the same time that she passed I'll Fly away came on which was the song she sang to our mother at her passing . My daughter and I had both said we would not be singing it to her because we don't sing well. You guessed it we all stood around her bed singing it. She must have been smiling."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Where do u begin? well its an overall good app! but u can tune into ur local radio or any station.in fact im listening to it right now as i type. you can find fav artists and songs.no glitches or viruses happend. very good for those people who really like to listen to the radio at night i know i do! Add songs and artists to ur favorite tad and either buy the song or see if its anywhere on the radio.PLZ do me a huge favor and get!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I Love my music so much, and this app after being updated is one of the best ever now!!. You will simply love all the options and free music, and channels it has. You name it, it's in here: Talk, rock, sports, the list goes on forever!!. This is the ITunes app for kindle fire. I love it and hope you will too, but never forget: Life is EZ, when you SEEK, for all your (Must Have) apps, and information.. Dont delay, rock today!!!.. :-)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I keep raving about this app to anyone who will listen. There are so many categories. Sofar I have just concentrated on music but even there it opens up whole new worlds. If you like classical, you can listen to local NPR music station, or to one in London, or I often like Avro, a Dutch baroque music station. I have tried New Age, World Fusion, and each category gives one again several choices. And the sound of the HD Kindle Fire is just wonderful. Yes the Kindle comes to bed with me where I often will continue to listen to music with lights out. Listened to station in South Africa. One can choose music according to language. I would love the Kindle if this were the only thing it did. It is just so amazing. On my laptop I used to listen to Itunes radio but they did away with that. Don't understand their thinking. Anyway, they made changes to Itunes for the worst of it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I SAW an earlier review where someone was humorously mocking indulging in old technology (although he enjoyed the app just the same), but I live where there is only one radio station and it isn't very good.  And you don't know how wonderful radio is until you don't have it anymore.  And the sound quality is good (I set the buffer to about 25 seconds) and the quality is really good and the selection of stations is wonderful--just wonderful.  I highly recommend this app to anyone. Also, I tried the alarm feature this morning and it worked great."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app. I have been listening to it for 4 days straight. Stations are plentiful and I can even get radio stations 1500 miles away back home that I miss on this app. It gives you the ability to favorite stations. It also gives you the ability to favorite songs. Then the app uses your selections and recommends other stations you may like.Reception is fantastic, seems like there are hardly any commercials.I was only a tad disappointed because I thought when I  &#34;favorite&#34; a song that it was allowing me to make my own playlist. But after I checked it does bring up all of the songs you marked as favorite but it won't allow you to listen to them; at that point you are only left with purchasing the songs. Other than that; I would have given this app 5 stars.Regards,~ Holley Jacobs"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for a stream to listen to the Pats playoff game.I realized I needed an app.Google App Store came up with TuneIn,great reviews so I got the free version just to hear the game......YA Right.I realized very fast that this app lets me listen to radio stations from all over the World!!It lists in real time what songs are being played on 100's of stations.If you search a band it shows what stations are playing that band.I found a 128kbs station in Hondorus that plays only Pink Floyd(some VERY deep rare songs)!! I am going to get the pro,right now,for 99c(On Amazon).With it you can record content to your memory card!! I thought Pandora was good,TuneIn blows it away.I was missing a real person talking on the other end of my \"radio\".Missing it no more.Technology is great....sometimes!! This time!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "TuneIn radio is an excellent app. For some esoteric reason, our local AM and FM stations are practically unintelligible - this application has given us a clear and reliable alternative to constantly looking for the right configuration of dial position, antenna placement, and mojo.TuneIn has a variety of useful features including a timer, alarm, presets, and a surprisingly good search function. I especially like how the search will group talk shows by how much time is remaining. It's nice to be able to catch that talk radio program at the beginning!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The best radio app on the android market.period.I live in Chicago and this app allows me to listen to all my favorote radio station locally and internationale.The one thing I appreciate about it is that it allows me to use other apps and things while listening,while other apps hold me hostage to the app and not do anything else.The sound is clear and its has never dropped a station in my 3 mints of using it.I strongly encourage you to try this app.Its for the casual radio fan and the hardcore fan alike."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I found this app on Amazon and thought it would be great to have on my 7\" android tablet. The selection of music is fantastic and I love the fact that I can just relax and listen to the radio or do other things on my tablet while I listen to my favorite music. I like the fact that you can preset your favorite stations so there is no searching around trying to find them again. The variety of radio stations is really good ... there is something for everyone! If you like to listen to the radio, this is the app for you!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There are lots of glowing reviews for the good things this software does, so I will post the main reason for my three star review:The TuneIn Radio software does not shut down properly.Regardless of whether I click the \"back\" button on my Droid Charge (which ends most applications), or press Exit in the TuneIn Radio menu, the program remains running in the background, consuming precious battery power. I am forced to fire up a task manager to kill the application.The other incredibly frustrating issue with the program is that, even after I have used a task manager to forcefully kill the app., the app. occasionally restarts itself in the background.Fix those two issues and it's a five star application."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I give this app 5 stars because it runs very well on my Kindle fire.  One a full charge and running for 6+ hours, along with game apps, the battery does not wear down.  I was easily able to find the station I was after, something with country classics.  While not everyone's cup of tea, the 1 radio station I could receive at my job was stale with 'new' country.  Sound is crisp and clear and I rarely lose connection with the station.  I can listen to whatever I like, now, no limits on my location, I can even receive stations in another country!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "not so long ago there was an app called &#34;tune in&#34; radio. it was a simple app/ easy to use and do what it was supposed to do, play radio stations. i had it on all my devices and it worked well. then one day the app decided to upgrade itself. where once things were simple, now i wander through the app trying to find my favorites. i don't care about emailing everyone what I'm listening to. i don't care if the makes my coffee in the morning. sometimes less is more"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great app for anyone who like to listen to the radio,internet radio streams and podcasts.The controls are really simple and it has a feature that gives you other stations like the one you are listening do.Uses very little battery power so it is something you can use for many hours at a time.If you pay for XM/Sirius and can live without a couple of so called \"radio stars\" you will drop you service as soon as you get this.Hook up a blue tooth to your car or FM tramsmiter though your headphone jack and listen to this in your car.Alot of stations to choose from, quite awesome as everyone says.Some stations do have low bit rate but that is the stations decision not tuneins."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Thanks to the developers for the fake review below! I cannot explain all the 5* reviews. I downloaded this app an hour ago, tuned to my favorite overseas channel and hopped in the shower. Admittedly it was a long shower but in 45 minutes I had to jump out, dry my hands, log into my phone, check the app, force start it, jump back in the shower and continue sudsing up, a total of 7 times. So you can see why I'm not enjoying this app. Sorry, but it's a big thumbs down and immediate uninstall.Maybe the next time the devs write another review they should be a bit more honest. one can wish!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Easily the best radio app I've seen. I replaced Slacker Radio and Scanner Radio with TuneIn as it does everything that both apps do better, and without any of the artificial limitations placed on most free apps. It certainly encouraged me to purchase the paid version. There is also no intrusive / annoying advertising.Pros:-- Wide selection of Radio stations, emergency bands, online streams, etc.-- No annoying advertising.-- No features advocating the paid version (features not available in the free version are taken out, and don't get in your way or pop up asking you to upgrade).-- UI is well done, and always keeps the currently playing station handy at the bottom so you can stop and start it quickly.Cons:-- None that I can honestly list as cons. It would be nice to be able to record radio, however, as this is in the paid version I can't honestly list it as a con."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First of all, thank you for being free and virtually popup commercial freethe setup is sahweet !You press the little heart shaped button to add a certain station to your presets or favoritesYou can also like or favorite a song playing that catches your ear (if it has that option, depends really) then you can go back to the list of songs you've accumulated then do further researchyou can go to your recently played just in case you forgot to save a stationyou can browse for radio stations allover the world.. including podcastsyou need wifi for this app but that's a given"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loaded this app based on it's great reviews and I am so thrilled with it, I can barely articulate my elation.  I live VERY rurally and can literally only get one or two country music stations on a radio - NOT something I would ever wish to listen to.  In my car, the radio reception is not a lot better.  I particularly enjoy talk radio and this app gives it to me in an abundance I had never imagined would be possible where I live.  Sound quality (with and without my cheap earphones) is perfect and it's no exaggeration to say that this app has changed my life."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I know I must not complain because it is a free app. But if the developer takes feedback with a positive attitude then please read:1. The menu needs to be revamped with better style as there is too many things to press before one can start playing the game and is annoying.2. Most of the time the app does not seem to register taps on the menus (Tested on Kindle Fire)The game gets very challenging with lots of holes where the balls slides thru' Please make provisions for the ball to re-emerge somewhere else rather than starting from scratch it will make this app even more engaging and challenging.Please make some boards with different background colors as it might get more interesting to play rather than seeing the same color board every-time.Thanks for reading my comments."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this one, because of the star rating. Hm, lol anyway, it really was my first choice, but I chose the glow tic tac toe game because of my six year old niece had the glow one, and, well I just was a copy catter. :-) However, I really wanted this one. I like this one because it reminds me of playing around on the black board in my old childhood days in school. I also like the audience cheering you on when you win or lose sound, compared to the glow tic tac toe game, which doesn't say anything but the plunk sound of the ex and Os, boring! This one makes me smile when I lose :-)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Downloaded this game the first week after Christmas and have been praying Amazon and Optime would fix this for the Fire. No such luck.Even though it appears that you are unable to play, you can, the actual board (as in working) is in the upper left quadrant of the game board.  Tap just off the uppermost left to find the invisible working grid.Anyway, my daughter loves to play it even broken the way it is.Question for other Kindle users, are any apps ever updated??"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The planes are shooting each other, and you have a classical music in the background. Funny to me. I enjoyed playing it. It's very touch responsive on Kindle Fire, and Kindle Fire HD 8.9.  I played only a few level and enjoyed the game play so far. It's simple, and cute. Not too many buttons to press. The planes that has higher speed, makes me dizzy. It spins so fast, and moves so fast. I prefer the slower planes.  My 2 years old son love to crash the plane. Definitely worth 2.99 but I got it as free app of the day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Get a pizza and have some old school fun!. Music takes me back to \"good ole StrawHat pizza days\", where we played Duck Hunt on a big screen you shot at with a plastic shotgun while eating pizza with the whole family. Game controls are right on, graphics and sounds are a blast! The more kills you get, the more special planes open.. Hint: Fly away from the fight, and turn back gunning!!:::  P.S. Don't shoot the ducks!! lol J/K. Remember: It's always EZ, when you SEEK, for all your (Must Have) apps and information&trade;&hellip; Enjoy all!!.. Time for a pizza dude!!&lt;l. H-W-B-H-S. Never give up the good fight!.."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a fun game. You fly your plane by using the joystick type control at the bottom left of the screen and try shooting using the fire button on the bottom right of the screen. Simple controls. You shoot the planes down that show up and the level progresses in difficulty. There are stars that fall from the sky and they have rewards or not. Sometimes it will freeze your enemies or sometimes it makes you fly slowly. Each star has either a benefit or a curse that only lasts a little while. Fun game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this as the FAOTD a few days ago, and have been addicted ever since.  I still havent beaten the game, but I think I want to unlock all the planes and this is just anperfect time waster.  I can assure you that this is more than worth the purchase price.Good:*Gameplay is simple enough to jump right in, but deep enough that you don't get bored.*Loads of planes to unlock, and each one plays differently combining one of 7 different weapons with varrying levels of turn, speed, and health.*The mix of enemies on each wave is often challenging, sometimes sending you back to previous levels to unlock a better plane.*Multiplayer (haven't personally tried)Bad:*doesm't look like it would work well on a phone*occasionally the controls lock up, but that might just be my tablet."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Absolutely love it, its feature rich, and I love the split window in landscape mode which allows me to quickly see the link articles on the right side of the screen without having to leave the application to use an external browser. I also like the touch popup menu features and like the swiping from left to right allowing me to move from category to category. Which brings me to the reason why I don't give it 5 stars. I have a list category tittled &quot;News&quot;, when I swipe into that page, the tweets do not load, the page remains blank with turning circle in the center indicating that its loading, but never does. The same thing happens when I swipe into my facebook page, it reads &quot;no news items&quot;, I cant get my facebook timeline. I wonder if anyone else is experiencing a similar problem."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "App works great on my \"lower end\" device. This is much more than a calorie counter. For ex, it has a barcode scanner--very easy to use and you don't need any extra app to use it--that automatically adds the scanned food into your tracker. If you are used to counting calories and factoring in exercise (for ex, on a points plan that incorporates both, such as WW) you'll find this app (and the online site) intuitive and simple. Also, the app, unlike the site, gives you a running total of the day's nutrition information all on one page so you can quickly see, for ex, if you haven't had enough protein for the day. Nothing but good things to say about this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enter the food I eat each time I eat something and it figures how many calories sms how many I have left. There is a huge database of food, so search and find what you are looking for. Keeps track of exercising and calories burned. Even allows you to list the vitamins and supplements you take! The neatest feature is scanning the barcode of your supplements and foods -it's that easy!The only reason I didn't give it five stars it's because the amazon version is an older version - there it's a newer version on android market. I would get it from there since you can't update the amazon version on android market. Once you get a lot of info entered into the program, you won't want to lose it to delete and re download from android market."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been using this every day for several months and I have fallen in love with it.Before trying this out I had been using Sparkpeoples calorie tracking app, which is also very good.There is one hugely important difference tho, this one has a built in barcode scanner. It makes entering foods as easy as can be.The food database is excellent and it's pretty easy to add both custom foods and meals.The my fitness pal site, to which this app is linked is also aces in my book.I can't imagine a better calorie tracking app.I use this and the free version of cardio trainer.  I like this combination much more than calorific or Noom because it is 100% comprehensive and allows me to keep track of things like sodium and protein consumption as opposed to general gross calorie intake.You really can't go wrong with this!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed a set of jumper cables for my new car and these had good reviews and were at a good price.  They have been used a few times already and do what they are supposed to - no complaints there.What I will say is that 12 feet really isn't an ideal length.  Sure, if you pull up front bumper to front bumper they are plenty long, but a lot of times you will be beside another car or can't get really close.  Because of this, I would recommend something a little longer than 12'.Great brand - get 16' version though."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Hitch extender is good for Kayak transport and allows me to secure slippery kayaks to bed, with minimal effort. There are rings on Tee, allow straps and Bunge Cords to effortlessly secure boats to bed.  After securing Kayaks in place with Rope and cords, this method of support and tiedown of ends of Kayaks just makes sense.  Good product, Well made and painted with good coating for corrosion resistance.  Stores easily or hangs from hooks on Garage wall, though it is somewhat weighty.  Yo lil' mamma will struggle to move it, but that's why you have one! Also mounts to support cab level or bed rack level loads like ladders. The ladies will like it's slender frame. You yakkers with hitches, should get you one!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Like most car detail enthusiasts, I never liked to see 3 hours of detailing work destroyed in a couple of days of driving and parking. With this brush, my detail jobs last longer. The brush is gentle on the clear coat but it does sweep the dust away, leaving water and and bird droppings behind.For best results, I recommend that you clay clean the car with a good car clay and wax it with S100 car wax every few months. Then using this brush, you can maintain your car in show room condition for a long time without having to wash it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using one of these for years and I'm on my second one. This duster works exceptionally well and lifts the dust without dragging it around. I will NOT make a filthy car that hasn't been washed in weeks or months look clean. You must either keep your car in a garage, or use a cover like I do, and dust it daily to keep it looking clean. If I wash, clay bar, and wax my car I can go two months or perhaps more without washing it again, as long as I keep it covered, dust daily, and wipe it down weekly with an instant detailer. The fibers are impregnated with a paraffin wax so don't just lay it on something if you don't want it to be stained because of the wax and dirt. Also, if there is condensation on the car it really renders the duster ineffective so make sure it's dry before using it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The dash of my black car is anthracite gray, and it shows dust easily. The California duster is created for either exteriors or interiors of cars and is impregnated with paraffin wax. This picks up the dust and the soft fibers float over the uneven surfaces of the car interior, picking it all up in one swipe.I keep this in the car and once a week I swipe down the interior all over to keep the car sparkling clean. It's small enough to keep handy under the seat.This makes a really nice gift for someone to congratulate them on their new car, or for someone who likes doing their own detailing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had a cracked air intake hose that caused the \"check engine\" light to go on, but a couple days after I fixed it.  I wasn't sure if that was the reason, and if it was, I didn't want to take it to a dealer just to clear that code.This did the trick.  Very easy to use, gave me the code so I could check what it was. Once I found out, I knew it was the cracked hose.  Cleared the message using this unit, and it never came back.  Had I taken it to a mechanic or dealer, they'd probably have told me it was some other problem and I wouldn't have know if they were telling me the truth or not."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this Acton scanner 2 years ago when our older vehicle was repeatedly showing its MIL (Malfunction Indicator Lamp). I was able to clear the code immediately. When the MIL illuminated again later, I was able to track down the problem (O2 sensor heater trouble)and correct it by reseating the connector. Later, I used the scanner to diagnose which cylinder was misfiring. By tapping on that cylinder's fuel injector, I was able to correct the misfiring. Again, the Acton cleared the MIL display.My mechanic uses a more sophisticated (and much more expensive) OBD scanner in his day to day work, but for someone who does occasional maintenance on his own car, this tool is worth the $89 investment. If you paid more, you paid too much."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Actron seems to be a company that makeshigh quality diagnostic equipment. This autoscannertool is very affordable and excellent value formoney. Works very well and is pretty ruggedas I had hoped. The only problem is that fixingthe vehicle based on the diagnosed code isNOT always helpful, sorry. Repairing your car based on thesecodes requires a good understanding of auto repair.For example: code PM001 - Cylinder Misfire. What can a NOVICEdo with ALL that \"helpful\" information (LOL). Relatively easy to use.I will give full marks for the quality of thephysical device otherwise."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have two vents directly over my living room sofa and although I have lived with them blowing directly on me for a long time, a suggestion by a friend, had me search out diffusers.  I am really glad that I did.The diffusers work great in re-directing the air flow off of me and either into the room or towards the windows.  The magnets hold perfectly on my ceiling vents and the diffusers appear pretty sturdy.  So far, nothing has fallen to \"crack me in the head.\"The diffusers are adjustable so that you can get them to fit even if you have a vent lever or screws that may get in the way, which I do.I am very pleased and would recommend this product in that it absolutely helps."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This air deflector makes the air go to the side.  That's all it does.1. There are 2 pieces and no printed instructions - just the box where you can see how to assemble.2.  The 2 pieces fit together by grooves.  Slide and you can adjust by pulling/pushing to get it to fit on vent.3.  Magnets to hold this on vent.  The magnets aren't strong but - barely strong enough to hold on the ceiling.There's nothing good to look at with this deflector.  It kind of disappears since it's transparent plastic.If this will fit your vent, just get one.  See how you like it and you can order more later."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Wrangler spare is held on by three lug nuts, the other holes are covered from the inside by the mount so you can't get this cable thru any of them.  The only way is to drill a hole thru one of the other two holes and thru the mount.  This takes the simplicity out of using this cable lock, obviously.  But if you're willing to do this, it just takes a few extra minutes and then the lock works great on it.  I'll probably also add a locking lug nut to mine for added theft deterrence.  A cable lock isn't foolproof but it gives you another level and at this price why not?"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "man it's hard to come up with a title for this. and it's a mixed reviewIt works.  It's metal, strong, rust-resistance (it's not a grade of rust-proof stainless as there are already spots from road-salt), but given the narrow space where it fits, it's difficult to get the locking end on and off.  It's hard to get a good grip on it,  even with the knurling on the ends.  But the ends ARE small enough so there's no interference with other hardware.  The hitch on my truck is just wide enough outside that there's almost to end-play on the lock shaft which makes getting the end on even more difficult.  Takes some getting used to.  I don't think there's a better product out there though, which makes this worth the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the original product.  Really great stuff.  Works so well; when rain hits, you'll be so happy you applied it.  Rain just sheets off; you don't even need wipers on.This package includes a LOT of product.  A huge improvement from the small, single-use packages they used to make (or maybe they still do); this is a much better value.The only downside to this product is the seal; there's a little spout on the bottle top that goes up and down; you flip it up to dispense the product.  It seems pretty flimsy, and doesn't seem to seal very well when closed.  I have a feeling some of it is going to evaporate out of the bottle, and at some point some will spill out if the bottle is ever turned on its side.  Other than that, great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product takes time to put on right but it is worth the effort.  When you are done you will not believe the results when you get into a rain storm.  Your windshield glass is so slick that the heaviest rain just slides right off without using your wipers.  Your visibility is improved dramatically and you can see what is going on around you.I use it often but especially when I am going on a long vacation drive.  It improves your driving safety in inclement weather and helps to keep your family and you safer. I use it on the outside of all of my windows of my vehicles.  It is good for rain, sleet and snow and even reduces the amount of bugs that will stick to your windows.  The treatment lasts for about 3 months.  It is only recommended for glass.The further you can see the better your response time to stop in case of an emergency.  I strongly recommend this product as doing a great job!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This thing is smaller and skinnier than I thought, although it is very long.  It is awkward for filling my car engine oil because its so long that the bottom of the funnel hits the valve heads before anything else, so its unstable to just sit in there.  I have to hold it to support it with one hand while i fill the oil with the other.It does have some good uses though, as it is just the right size to fill my motorcycle transmission oil.All in all, the funnel is solid, no complaints on the product quality, but I think next time I will purchase in person so I can really gauge the size I need."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I got sick of using my &#34;Common&#34; funnel for different uses, trying to clean up an oily funnel so you can use it for Sea Foam is just dumb when you can get these for a little more than $1.  The size/length is perfect for gas-tank additives.  I purchased 3, I keep one in the garage to pour Sea Foam into my cara/motorcycle/snow-blower/lawnmower.  And the other 2 I keep in whatever vehicle I'm currently using, in my &#34;just in case&#34; pack.Great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this along with a No Spill 5 gallon can to use for track days. THe length is excellent and gets down into the filler of your car. It also fits in a 1 gallon freezer bag so you can seal it up and put it back in the trunk when done without smelling gas or getting it on your trunk carpet. Two improvements would make this a 5 star funnel. 1) It should be slightly upturned at the opening to catch gas as it backs up 2) The diameter of the nozzle should be larger and it easily could be given the tank inlet size - would allow faster filling."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Auto battery life can be significantly lengthened with the use of a trickle charger. Significantly. I put this one into my 4X4 to keep my Interstate battery at maximum readiness. This is a solid heavy duty device and is no toy. I mounted it securely under the hood next to the battery itself and have a heavy duty plug hanging down -- just behind the front bumper -- to connect up while out in the driveway. The lights/indicators on this model are very nice and it keeps my battery at full strength. If you have two vehicles (or more) and you don't drive one of them that often -- definitely get one of these. You will never have another \"oh no\" moment -- when turning that key in the morning. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product, in my opinion, is well designed. The materials are top notch, and it is easy to access with the key for removal and installation.I can't imagine anyone taking the time to defeat this lock to steel my hitch ball. When the boat is attached and locked to the ball I can sleep better in a hotel room knowing the boat is secure.I've notice a few times the rubber cover over the key slot has come off. I'm not sure if I just didn't attach it well, if I bumped it, or if it came off by itself though. Even so I don't think the rubber cover is a necessity."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This dogbone lock is very nice and well buildt. It is perfect for use on any car or truck if you are going to remove it after each use. But it is not for use on a motorhome reciver, were it is going to be left on for some time.The problem is ! The protective rubber cap that covers the key entry, fits loosely. The cap will not stay on to protect the key entry slot. Any little bump in the road, and off it comes !  Dirt and water gets into the lock mechanism, the key will not go in and you will not get it off with out a cutting torch."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was looking for a new chamois to replace the old worn out one I had.  I ran across the Absorber, and the reviews wore great on this product.  So, I decided to give it a try.  I'm SO glad I bought it!! It really is the best chamois/absorbent drying towel I've ever seen!! After drying your car (or whatever you are trying to dry off), just toss it in your washing machine. It comes out looking brand new again!!  You really can go wrong---buy this product!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are a few things to know about the absorber to get the most out of them.  First, before using, soak in warm water, this makes it more absorbent.  Second, keep it clean.  The wort thing you could do is have a dirty chamois and drag it across your paint, this will introduce maring of your clear coat.  I wash it on gentle cycle with a little distilled vinegar then air dry.  When storing, get it as dry as possible.  Ive had them get moldy in the container from being too damp."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used these for over 10 years as well as natural sheep skin chamois. This works very well. If you wring it out (edges too) it doesn't streak, leave water behind, and works about as well as a natural chamois. It will also last for years if left damp and stored in the plastic container, (nope don't dry it). Then why use a natural chamois?  Well for me there is something about the shine left behind with a natural chamois. I'm 69 years old and have used those since a teenager. Now that maybe just a memory lane thing since this works just fine. If you don't want to dry, and as I do stretch and soften a natural chamois after use, then get this. It works very well, plus I have never found anything synthetic, that works as well. (Believe me I've tried a lot different ones too. Haaa)  I do recommend it. Hope this helps someone."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this cloth with the intent of drying my car after I have washed it. I have very hard water and when I want my car to look nice I have to dry it or I get little hard water spots all over the place.Drying my car with \"The Absorber\" does solve that problem and it does absorb quite a lot of water. It squeezes out easy and stores quite well in the container it comes in. I have used it a number of times and am generally happy with it.I should mention it is does not perfectly get every last bit of water. But it dries to the point where the residual water evaporates in a minute or so. I consider that pretty good and my goal of not having water spots is met so I'm a happy camper. I would buy another one if I needed it :)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A good Made in USA chock.  It may cost about a buck less each at Walmart, if you can find it.There is a hole in the side for a rope to hold one or two together for each side of the tire.  Don't buy the one with a rope. It costs twice as much for the same one chock, NOT two.The heavy rubber  Buyers Rubber Wheel Chock - 5in.W, Model# WC1467A  at $8.99 each at Northern Tools are heavier and provides a better grip on concrete, but they are heavy to carry around.  I use the Buyers' ones in the garage and carry the Camco ones in my trunk.Also NOTE that the Buyer's ones are made in the same place as the expensive Race Ramps Branded ones costing 50% more.  The Buyers ones are nearly identical, are exactly the same size and weight.  The Race Ramps ones have shallow slits cut into the bottom."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Larger than I expected and solid feel like. The only cons is the curve is not snapped under wheel smoothly and there is a gap between curved surface and wheel line. So I do not know if it is really working or not because the function of chock is for the accidental circumstances the car slipped back,however, it is not usually happened when the car is put on the parking gear and hand brake is applied.  So hard to say it's good or working, unless the car is really accidentally slipped back and blocked by this wheel chock.  Then you can finally see if the chock is good or not.  But anyway,  it worths that money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought 2 of these, one to keep in my truck for road side emergencies and the other for automotive work use at home. The few times I have used them they work well, but just so you know they have a recommended expiration date on them. I think this is due to their intended use as a RV chock, where they would sit in the sun a lot and would degrade. But again they are cheap, and if the worries you, just buy a new one and toss out the suspect one!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very clever idea. Had to use on my 2013 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited Sahara with a lift kit and adjustable drop hitch. Spinning ball hitches for different sizes won't work in my case because the adjustable hitch height is a solid piece specific to the entire hitch. In order to tow my 2 different trailers I'd need 2 drop hitches. Interchangeable balls is the perfect solution and I have to say these are perfect. They work well and are rated around 8k pounds of towing. Saved a lot of money here compared to my closest towing accessory store."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are so wonderful to have in the car in the winter. After getting one of these in another color (but the same brand), I decided to pick up a second blanket for my kids to use too while traveling. Here in Minnesota it gets extremely cold and everyone is always fighting over where to have the thermostat set at. By having some of these travel electric blankets in the car, everyone can keep as warm as they want to.This blanket works just as well as my other one and gets just as warm, just as fast. It works exactly like a household electric blanket does. I was so pleased with how well they worked that I bought some as gifts for people for Christmas this year. They were a BIG it and no one knew they even made such a thing. Finally with these we can all be as warm and toasty as we want to be!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have to admit that there is a small  improvement in performance. The throttle response is better but not to the point to say that there is a increase in horse power. The truck seems to run a little better and I hope it's just not the change in summer fuels. I wasn't looking for fuel improvement. All I was looking for was better drivability and I think that's what I got. I only have one concern and that is that it doesn't affect the mass air flow sensor ( MAF ) because of the oil that is use on the filter could possibly damage it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My G coupe needed an intake air flow replacement pretty badly after I purchased it (despite the fact I purchased it with only 37k miles) and I already knew about the K&N; air filters and I like how it's a one-time purchase deal, no need to buy again when it's filthy.bought the filter, slapped it on, and it has been working flawlessly for a little over 2 weeks now. I combined the K&N; air filter with the popular Z-tube mainly because I was already going to be in there so I figured why not just add the Z-tube for a bit more efficiency. at this point, I have no complaints, I do feel a slight increase in power in 2nd and 3rd (not a 100% sure if it's all from the air filter or with the Z-tube), and rev noise has stayed the same."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First, this filter will NOT give you huge horsepower gains, it might give you minimal MPG gains just by replacing the filter from a dirty, clogged one, but that will come with any filter. I bought this filter because it does save money, money you would be spending buying paper filters over and over again, with this and a 10-15 dollar service kit, this filter will last your vehicles lifetime. There is a trade off though, this filter does not screen out dirt as well as say a \"paper\" or foam type filter, that is why \"off roading\" voids the damage warranty. however i never off road, and for highway and street use, this filter is King in terms of economy and durability (it is made of 4-5 layers of cotton encased with a aluminum wire mesh surrounded by hand poured urethane), they mean it when they say it will last a Million miles. This filter earns my recommendation."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Every one of the hose nozzles I've used has failed in a few years.  Except this one.  It's the only one I've left out back over the winter and has survived the freeze thaw and the snow.  I've left it through two winters of snow and ice attached to the hose and it still works great.  Plus it functions so well.  The worst thing I can say about it is it's tricky to fit under some car wheel wells but that's fine for having a functional nozzle that does what it is supposed to do year and year.EDIT: 10/16/13 and I have two of these nozzles and one still stays outside all winter and both still work perfectly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I didn't like this hose nozzle as much as other reviewers.  For the price, I was expecting an amazing nozzle.  It is heavy, sturdy, and looks like it will be very durable, but I do not like the selection of the spray patterns compared to the $5 hose nozzles at home improvement stores.  The rubber areas are comfortable to hang on to.This would be great for washing a car or big jobs like hosing down a pool or screens, but for watering potted plants and trees, this nozzle puts too much water down and creates splashing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have owned no less than 15 different nozzles over the years. One has been worse than the next. The ones you drop after you use which are made of plastic simply break. Then there are the ones with the several settings and trigger which constrict the flow so much that you would think it needed a dose of flomax! I have used many types in between. This unit is simply the best. I never realized the pressure I had restricted by using the other ones. When I turned the spigot on all the way, I could get a good steady stream over 20 feet no problem at all. I drop it after use without worrying about cracking it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I liked the concept of this, and bought two at the same time. We have small ranch, and varying watering/hosing needs. We typically buy the 7 way adjustable nozzles, but I thought these would allow more versatility.These nozzles perform well, but not as good as a conventional nozzle. For a start, there is no quick way to get the desired spray pattern, you have to slowly rotate the head and stop when you think it is what you need, often messing around 'finely tuning' it to try and get the best result. Secondly, none of the 'jet' part of the adjustments creates a clean jet, there is always a fine mist or errant second or third jet spraying in a different direction at the same time.These cannot create all the spray patterns found on a 7 way nozzle, and create poor patterns on the ones they can create.This is a good idea, but in reality you are better off with a 7 way nozzle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You are better off going to your local department store and buying the Craftsman brand nozzle instead. It is identical to this one except the green part is silver. And it comes with a lifetime replacement guarantee unlike this Bon-Aire one. It's also about the same price.That said, I prefer a trigger type nozzle because to turn this off, you have to rotate it several revolutions and then it doesn't remember the spray setting you were at. This type of nozzle may be good if you're holding it for a long period of time watering your garden or something like that, but for washing your car when you only turn the water on periodically, it doesn't work as well as a trigger type hose nozzle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "HI,This product is a great product that helps you to eliminate rattles/vibrations when you are installing speakers into a vehicle's car doors, rear panels, decks, etc.  It does exactly that and it does it well.There are many claims about it stopping distortion, noise, etc....  However, it should be noted that if you are over powering a speaker..distortion will occur and no padding can stop that.Dynamat has been around for ever and continues to provide a solution that eliminates rattle and vibration.  Use it for that and you will agree that it is a 5 Star Product.  Expect miracles and you will be disappointed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It works well, I am surprised that someone else does not make it[cheaper].  It is a very low tech material.  We used it in the doors of a friends car when speakers were replaced and spent over $100.  I bought three cans of rubberized undercoat at Wally-World for about $5 per can and my doors were just as quiet.  I guess it is just personal preference and economic priority, for me the extra $85 in the pocket was better.  My friend, well he spends money like a drunken sailor...not to offend any drunken sailors out there."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This has a lot of uses beyond car applications. I used a sheet of it on the drywall behind in-wall speakers to cut the amount of sound radiating through the back wall and tighten the sound. I used a sheet of it inside a computer case, to eliminate a tinny rattle that came from the case vibration while it was on. You can even put pieces of it on the inside of washing machine or dryer panels to make them quieter.It does have one drawback, and that's the fact that once you stick it on something, you will not be able to get it off without making a big mess. It is essentially tar with a foil outer cover, and trying to get it off just leaves a bunch of sticky tar behind. So, choose the place you want it carefully before sticking it down!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Wow, this stuff works well!  We have a wall air conditioner in our home.  It is a quiet variety that we paid a good deal of money for, due to that claim.  It still had a bad resonance of some vibrating metal on the machine.I applied this to all accessible (front face) surfaces, and only the spots where there was not a decal or other item present, probably less than 30% of the total frontal surface (keep in mind 50% is the evaporator and blower vent), and the available space on the front cover.  Wow, we can definitely hear a difference in the room it is installed in.This thing has a strong resonance, so we can still hear it in other spaces.  I feel like it doesnt dampen all modes, but it certainly does enough for a noticeable difference in the space where we have the AC located."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is great, I only bought one of the sheets and all you have to do is fill the open holes in you trunk. I only covered the holes on the trunk and on the rear deck lid for the speakers. I didnt notice a big difference while driving till i looked at my rpm gauge and it was at 3500!!!! i usually shift at 2300 rpm and it was soo quiet I did not realize the rpm's i was running!!!! This product dampened my car from the sports exhaust sooooo much!!!! Great if you have a different exhaust system!!! I am amazed on how much this product helps!! I am about to do my bottom of my trunk and my inside firewall and I know my car will almost sound electric from the interior!!! GREAT PRODUCT!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used Dynamat to combat noise in automobiles, dishwashers and even under a stainless steel kitchen sink.  The dishwasher and the sink were the most dramatic demonstrations of the value of this product.  The dishwasher was on the noisy side, until I had to replace a small switch in the door.  While I had it all apart, I decided to coat the inside of the door panel with Dynamat.  Now the dishwasher makes a soft hum as it running.  The sink was insulated, but it made that cheap rain on a metal roof sound when you turned on the water.  It was difficult to have a conversation and do the dishes at the same time.  Now it is dead quiet!  What a change!  I love this stuff.  I know that I will be on the look out for more Dynamat applications in my life!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I don't even know another sound deadner solution besides dynamat and theres proably a reason for that. I have been using this stuff on many car audio projects for years and its been great. Excellent from stopping trunk paneling from rattling down and solidifying speaker enclosures down to keeping wires bundled neatly and secure to the chassis. Always buy a bulk pack at least because the project always starts small like two speakers enclosures and next your doing the whole door outside panel and inside panel. Plus it never hurts to have extra."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2008, Ford F150 FX2 Sport, Supercab. I had never done anything with sound, to any vehicle I had ever owned, that was so extensive. I am so glad I did. I absolutely love this stuff and will probably put it in any vehicle I own, whether I do a sound system or not. It just quiets things down. It gets a bit sticky at times but comes right off your fingers. Be careful with small pieces that you want to throw away, they may end up back on the bottom of your foot. It took me a solid weekend to do the front to the back and doors. If you have the time, do it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was originally going to get one of the small squares to go behind my newly installed speakers but after comparing the price per square foot, I decided to tackle a box of this stuff. A box let me cover four doors and my roof in my subaru wrx wagon.This car is my first non Mercedes in 15 years and although the subaru is still an econo box, this made the stereo sound way better, reduced road noise and give the car a more &#34; luxury&#34; feel. Well worth the price and effort to install."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As for quality, sure it isn't top notch. But this thing isn't going to fall apart on you, these are tough and will hold. Scared for you life? Than go to a shop. The welding isn't perfect, but you have to realize this is mass produced. The welds aren't going to separate. I would definitely suggest using these in pairs, as in don't leave one alone to hold part of your vehicle. For those with cars, don't worry b/c cars weigh nothing. These are rated for as much as a cars avg weight. The double locking is a nice feature but not necessary on small jobs. My truck weighs over 6k so if these can hold one end, it will hold your average cars then too. If your doing small jobs, get these b/c theres no beating the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "BAD PRODUCT, WRONG WELDED, ITS ONLY WELD INSIDE, BUT NOT OUT SIDE,SO IS NOT RECOMENDED TO USE IT UNDER CAR. PLEASE DONT MAKE MY MISTAKE, IS NOT WELD RIGHT.THIS ITEM HAVE TO BE WELD IN BOTH SIDE, INSIDE AND OUT SITE, NOT ONLY INSIDE.THE PIN OR SECOND SAFETY PIN IS NOT GOOD AT ALL, IT MOVE AND DOES NOT HOLD THE POST RIGHT, ITS LIKE NOTHING, SO DOES NOT MAKE SENSE TO HAVE IT.--- TORIN WANTS TO SEND IT BACK EVERY YEAR FOR ANNUAL INSPECTION,BUT THEY DONT PAY FOR S/H. THIS SHOUL BE 1 TON, NOT 3 TON WITH THIS WELD FORM.MY ITEM LOOK USED NOT NEW, LOOK'S LIKE SOME ONE USE IT AND RETURNED AND THEN, THEY SENT THEM TO ME.  THE UPS DROP IT TO THE FLOOR, CAUSE I HAVE A GATE, SO BE AWARE OF UPS, THEY DONT CARE IF THEY BRAKE IT."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought two sets / 4 total. I use them near the middle of the lifting range which puts the saddle about 18 to 19 inches high. This is perfect to get my truck off the ground and give me an inch or so of ground clearance to R&R; the tires and do other work underneath the vehicle.I don't need 6t worth of lift, but I like how these j/s have a wide lifting range. With these set for my range (as stated above), they are not teetering at the top of the range like others I've used in the past, but are comfortably in the middle. They are very stable and solid units.It would be helpful if the info stated the lifting range of the units, not just the tonnage they can support as a pair.Min. Lift Height (in.)14 29/32Max. Lift Height (in.)23 1/2"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I would not hesitate to recommend these jack stands, as I have had very good results and they seem to be very well made.  The double lock is an absolutely mandatory feature in my estimation.  You should always use the jack stands with the double lock in place, as it adds additional security.  I am pleased with the height of the stands as well, as it is possible to raise the vehicle up a considerable amount, making it easy to get in and work.  I replaced the front suspension on my vehicle in an afternoon using these stands and they never wavered.  I went out and replaced the rear shocks, springs, and fuel filter the next day.  Once again, the stands were steady and solid while I pushed, shoved, wedged, etc. the rear springs into place.I am very pleased with these stands and definitely recommend them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It's an oil filter. It has been on for a few weeks now and hasn't come off, so I suppose it's working. It's hard for me to justify giving an oil filter a 5-star rating. What would the filter have to do to earn that? The only thing I noticed is that this one appears to be *SLIGHTLY* shorter, in length, than the one originally on my bike. I ride a 2008 Victory Kingpin and this was about 1/4 inch shorter. Hopefully, that doesn't mean that it isn't able to do the same amount of &#34;work.&#34; The rest of the fit was snug and seems to be just fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The material seems durable, but it does not fit tightly on my 30x9.5x15.  There is almost no elastic properties for the interior, and it would easily spin on the tire itself, and stealing it would be ridiculously easy.  The bottom looked like granny panties on a supermodel.  Couldn't see that delightful bottom curve.I used a grommett kit on it so I can thread a rope around it to cinch it tightly.  Has faded to a charcoal gray from black since purchase 18+ months ago."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This device attaches securely to the tow vehicle, but at a cost.They are cumbersome to attach and detach, with several moving parts and the potential to scratch the tow vehicle paint during either process if you don't have three hands available.To attain the secure vibration free fit, you must crank down on the ratcheted web strap hard enough to deform the door where it attaches to the window channel. It also deforms the rubber window seal.Foam pads protect the door somewhat where the bracket would otherwise rub on the body, but if the area isn't meticulously clean beforehand I can see where it would dull the paint over time.Because of the metal claw part that fits into the window channel, raising and lowering the window caused a screeching sound on my driver's side window.Finally, when they are detached from the door, they make for a very bulky awkward device that doesn't store conveniently or compactly in the vehicle.I'm sending them back."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "extremely versatile.  the conical end pulls outward and functions as a ratchet, cranking the straps/clips taught.  A few minutes of one-time configuration/setup is needed and future mount/removals are accomplished in seconds.  The only reason i didn't give these a 5 star rating is the small foam discs tend to come off the mounting bases periodically (they press against the outside of your existing mirror).  Thoughtfully, the vendor includes extras.  All in all, a very unique and functional product!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We have an SUV. I would normally setup the side view mirrors so that when viewing the rear view mirrors and side view mirrors, there is just a bit of overlap when looking at them. This presents a problem when backing up as you cannot see the curbs clearly. So this helps a lot. The side mirrors are now just looking straight back helping in parallel parking as well backing up to a curb. These mirrors help in making sure that when you are driving and changing lanes, you can see if there is any object in your blindspot without glancing over your shoulders. Great mirrors and to this day, they remain clear. I will get another one - the smaller version of these mirrors - for my sedan."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used to have the round mirror.  After getting a new SUV i decided to shop immediately on amazon for a new blind spot mirror and i found this.I decided to try this product based on user review and did the right thing.  These mirrors are perfect for my Outlander 2011 side mirrors.  I like the shape and very clear mirrors.  Although i should have gotten the 3x3 but still this 2x2 works.  Just make sure you purchase 2.  Since this is not sold in pair...  I had this mistake thinking it was sold in pair.. good think i got Amazon prime :"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this mirror in the office to see if there is anyone coming to my desk.  I sit with my back to the aisle and I was startled many times by people who'd stand behind me and snoop on my computer activities.I attached this mirror to the upper left corner of my monitor using the douple sided tape that was pre-attached to the mirror's back, and secured it additionally with a couple of Scotch tape strips .  Now with my periferal vision I notice if there is a reflection change in the mirror, and I will be aware if anyone is approaching my desk."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I drive a car that has dead spots on both sides.  This fits the bill as it provides a larger area of view.  You need to look more carefully as all these types of mirrors make the car in view seem a lot further away so use as a reference.  Since these mirrors are fairly small they only use up about 20% of the existing rear view mirrors viewing area.  I only use these on my rear view mirrors as that is when the blind viewing areas occur.  I usually purchase a few different types of these mirrors so I can determine which works best for me and my wife.  Also try on different spots of the existing mirror, before removing the adhesive covering, to determine the best location.  If you attach it in the wrong location these mirrors can be removed by using a one sides razor blade.  Just push down on the razor slowly to prevent the existing mirror from cracking.  Once off you can always purchase new double sided tape to reuse the convex mirror."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My car and truck were both really running like crap... figured it was time to wash and recharge the filter. I sprayed it with their, basically soapy water, and waited a while as the bugs and gravel dust was loosened, and then rinsed it in the sink until clear. I let it dry in the sun for a few hours while I found something else to do, then sprayed the oil as if I were spray painting something... follow the instructions, don't want too much oil, don't want too little either. My Neon doesn't care if I over oil it, but my truck has a mass airflow sensor, it does care... it cares a lot! Under-oiling it causes the fine mist of gravel dust through the filter, too much clogs it quickly and I guess that's better than it going into the engine but the MAF Sensor gets coated with the oil and that will cause performance issues that the filter may have given you. It's a fine balance!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a K&N; filter on my G35's cold air intake as well as on my truck, and have always use this to clean and re-oil it.It really works well. The cleaning solution really breaks down the oil allowing it to be rinsed off fairly easily and t he aerosol can makes re-oiling a breeze.The only issue I have is I ALWAYS run out of cleaning solution before I run out of the air filter oil. Granted, this may be a good thing as it prevents you from finishing cleaning off your filter then realizing you have no oil to re-oil it, which would leave you in a tight spot if you need your car to work and you can't get more filter oil quickly.So, even though I complain about that, it's really being picky."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The K&N; 99-5050 Filter Service Kit is all you need to keep your K&N; patented High-Performance air filter clean and performing at maximum efficiency.I have used K&N; Air Filters in my personal vehicles and also in my off-road competition vehicles for over 30 years -- with excellent results and superior performance in every instance, including better fuel mileage.The K&N; Air Filters should be serviced at approximately 25,000 miles --- they actually work just as well when they \"look dirty\", and they must be REALLY NASTY before the efficiency drops off.Take your time with the \"Squeeze-Bottle\" kit, and do EXACTLY as instructed -- your reward will be a cleaner-running engine that delivers all the power and efficiency that was built into it !!K&N; filters are proudly \"Made in the USA\" -- and known around the world as the finest filters that can be had at ANY price !!Amazon's speedy delivery is the icing on the cake !!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Honesty, must work, I haven't use it yet; what I used was the K&N; filter for KIa Soul 2012 and was not good, my MPG went down too much, so I removed and put back the original. I was making 22 to 23 MPG in city and with that oil filter came to 18 to 20 in City.----  I was planning to buy another for my Elantra 2008, but with this test on the Kia, noway jose, good bye to K&N; filters.----  I don't have any thing against the Company Filter or Amazon; for me it doesn't work.  BTW, you have to spend time cleaning and buy quimicals like those two bottles and could hurt your engine, beside what expert or fans could says."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I admittedly didn't see the sound byte of the horn until now, and if I had heard it earlier, I would have thought differently. I installed this to have a lower, and hopefully louder tone in my horn. The factory horn was lower though. I realize this is probably more for motorcycles now, so on an Isuzu Trooper, it is a little pathetic. I blame this on myself though, and I realize the product is good for its intended audience. Just don't buy this if you havea  truck! The look of this horn, if you have it visible, is a plus, and the shipping and installation were a breeze."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If I wanted a SILVER colored horn like in the picture I supplied, I would have bought one of those. There are many of them for less than this.Fake! I am obviously upset.** UPDATE **: So, it is Dec 2012 and I am updating this. I found this exact same horn at the local auto parts store. It was black with the red stripe, and I bought it. Got home to swap out the horns and noticed the one I got on here was an FIAMM brand. So, I would guess whoever shipped me my stuff simply sent the wrong item. I never thought to check that it was the right brand, though.I have updated my star rating to 4. Can't find myself able to give it 5."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this with the leather cleaner. I found it to be very good, but you have to wait for it to dry, which takes about a day. It does not stay as tacky as the leather honey conditioner which I also have bought. I feel the honey conditioner will be better in the long run, but if the leather is delicate the honey could potentially make it worse because it is very sticky and can wear the material as you rub it in. So in the long run, this is a great option."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you have leather seats in your car, this is the stuff you want to use on them. It gives them a silky smooth feel and a nice luster. Easy to apply too. No overwhelming odor like some leather products either. To me it makes my seats smell the way they did when they were new, so I guess the best description would be &#34;new car smell&#34;. As far as using it on any other leather items, I'm sure it would work great, but you'd have to take into account the car smell. Not sure you'd want your leather coat smelling like a car. :)My only negative quibble is the size of the bottle. It's huge. It will last for years. It would be nice if they offered it in a smaller size. (They might have one, but I couldn't find it.)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yes. It smells kinda funny. Yeah, if you leave it sitting long enough, you'll have these fatty looking clumps in the liquid. No, they don't disappear after shaking. And still, after all those years, that bottle of Lexol conditioner still worked great on my MDX's leather. Between the Lexol cleaner and this conditioner, the 10 year old car's leather already looked newer. It can't save the glazing the driver's seat acquired from use, but all the other seats did manage to look like that brand new leather look; slightly matte, firm, but supple.For the price, I think Lexol conditioner's great. Leatherique's conditioner is quite a bit more expensive."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I read with interest many of the other reviews.  It seems everyone but myself has heard of this brand.  I have been using car leather conditioner bought at the parts store on my truck seats, a couch, and two recliners.The car conditioner worked ok but was expensive and harder to apply.This just floats on with a small cloth.........I put in on rather heavy since my leather had not been treated for over 6 months.The difference was amazing.  My leather returned to it's new look and after a week I see no evidence of the smooth leather glow going away."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We tried Lexol in a vehicle leather seating application favoring its price over the more expensive URAD product. The Lexol didn't seem to have as much lanolin as the URAD, and we don't know if there is any carnauba wax in the Lexol product but we noted there was less post-application sheen with the Lexol product.If you can stand the higher price, try the URAD product at least once. If you're a long-time hard-core Lexol user, stay with it - it seems to work OK. You really can't get too worked abut leather conditioners/polishes can you?!?!  (But we prefer URAD having tried both)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Lexol pH cleaner worked extremely well to clean automotive leather upholstery and surfaces. Just follow the instructions on the bottle and it does a fantastic job. Always use the pH cleaner before you apply the Lexol conditioner since you don't want to apply new oils over existing dirt. The pH cleaner comes out as a clear liquid that is more viscous than water. I recommend using a terry cloth sponge to create more lather than just using a cotton cloth or terry cloth. I have tried several over the counter leather cleaner/conditioners and Lexol beats them all.Pros: Cleans leather without drying it. Very easy to use.Cons: The product is a bit expensive and hard to find compared to the over-the-counter products, but it should be the only product to buy and Amazon carries it!Overall: If you own any leather accessories or cars with leather interiors, Lexol pH cleaner and Lexol conditioner should be on your list."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used a LOT of this type of equipment over the past 30+ years and this is one of the best for the price deals I have found.  I sure wish they were tad bit longer, but what can one expect?  They have a good strong cast wire and plug assembly (as pictured) and they used a very good quality wire of what looks to be at least an 18 ga wire, with good flexibility.  The alligator clips use a high quality end and should give a good long service life if not abused.  With a 3 foot lead length I assume they are designed mostly for use as a bench test lead set, but these will service any use where a 3 foot length will do the job.  Buy with confidence.... so far, I have never had a bad experience with anything from Elenco!  Not to mention that Amazon's policies will cover you if you are not satisfied..... highly likely you will NOT be disappointed.  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bondo in a tube is exactly what you would expect. It's Bondo in a tube. My experience in the past is that it's a one time use product. If you sit it on the shelf after opening it and using it most likely by the time you need it again it'll be hard. I only needed for a couple spots on the car, one where a tree length fell on it, and this product is perfect. Goes on easily, dries hard and is easy to sand. Saves you money from having to buy a large tub.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have detailed cars for a luxury car dealerships and have used many different car waxes in my lifetime. This is the best paint protection I have used. It removes off trim easily and also is easy to apply. I have done three coats on my 2014 Honda Accord Hybrid so far and it looks great. This product is a Buy in my opinion. Better then the dealership's 700 dollar application of Xylon on my wife's' 2014 Honda Odyssey. Make sure you clean your vehicle with the pre cleaner and do a hand check to feel for &#34;bumps&#34; of dirt or other road grim before application. This is easy to wipe off as well, so it is quicker then hand waxing for me."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When it comes to a fuel filter, this is the best. Only filter that fits perfectly. Makes the job very easy. If your not sure, try another brand. It will work, but the secondary clips won't fit. It will be ok,  but not 100% perfect. Just get the right one, the Motorcraft. I am a certified Ford mechanic in Michigan and did hundreds of these. Don't fret over an extra couple dollars. This is the only fuel filter that goes on easy, and is the best for your Ford vechicle.  Like i say, try another brand and see for yourself. Bye!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this in my 2005 Lincoln Town Car Signature Limited.Always use Motorcraft in a Ford/Lincoln/Mercury vehicle.This will last a long time, but you don't necessarily need toreplace it every year.  Fuel filters are best replaced after a certainmileage, not necessarily time.  If it's a few years old, replace itanyway.  But if not that old, replace after 30,000 miles sincelast replaced.  If neurotic about replacement or don't knowdate of last replacement, replace right away or after somelesser interval like 20,000 miles.  But if you believe thefilter might be in serious need, do replace it at once.This is a sturdy, solid unit but does not include a clip; canbuy that separately or your installer can locate it without a lotof fuss."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use it all the time.  I use it to basically flood my engine via the intake/vacuum line.  I let it suck up about 2/3 of the bottle slowly without it killing the engine and then last 1/3rd I just push the vacuum line completely in the bottle and let the engine die essentially.  Then I let it sit anywhere from 30mins to overnight.  Next time you start the car, it will be smoking white smoke (as it burns off all the carbon build up that it helped dissolve) for maybe 5-10mins.  I do this about ever 6mo or so."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My Jeep has almost 138,000 miles on it and I used this product for the 1st time about a month ago.  The product really worked well.  My jeep idles a lot smoother and overall just feels different.  I also poured some in the gas tank and it must have really cleaned any gunk out of there because I drive my jeep the same route every month and this last time I averaged almost 20mpg, which is a lot better than the 17 I used to average.  I would suggest using at night though, because your neighbors may call the cops thinking there is a fire with the amount of smoke that comes out the exhaust.  I would also suggest looking up videos online on youtube and typing in seafoam jeep.  That's what I did, and it proved very instructional."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My last car was pushing 165,000 miles and going very, very strong. I mean, I floored it all the time and was never merciful with that engine. Not only did I take good care of it, constantly clean it, and always use premium fuel, but I would use Sea Foam from time to time. A lot of engine cleaners are similar, but Sea Foam has been around for a long time and seems to be one the strongest and most reliable brands. And at around 8-12 dollars a can (depending on where you buy from), its totally worth it for me to use every now and then.Also, don't just pour it into the fuel and oil tanks. Thats great for regular maintenance every 1k miles or so, but either find out, have a friend, or figure out (youtube) where the brake booster vacuum line is that runs to your engine. Running Sea Foam through that is what its known for and will reeeallllllly clean out your engine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using this product for years, and it's the best out there. It is low gloss, and a little goes a LONG way. I use this on more than just my car. Basically anything made of plastic that I need to condition and protect, I apply this product to. In my opinion, the other major competitor that \"armors everything\" doesn't live up to the hype, and in fact can in some cases cause you more headaches than save you. Plus, it's gone up in price quite a bit. Pay a little more and buy a better product. The Lexol leather conditioner is also an excellent product, made by the same company. I will add that I prefer the spray bottles to the wipes for both."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For years I hoarded the remaining ounce of Vinylex left in my garage until I found it on Amazon.  Vinylex is the best cleaner/protectant you can get for vinyl, rubber and plastic.  It is UV resistant and will prevent the sun from fading the aforementioned items' color.  I discovered Vinylex over twenty years ago for use on the vinyl seats of the '65 Mustang I had then; it really worked great to clean and protect.  Since then, I have discovered other uses for Vinylex including the cleaning/protecting of vinyl siding and on vehicle tires, dashboards and interior/exterior plastic trim.  The results are clean and classy looking without being over-the-top glossy.  I even went and bought the 1 gallon refill container, too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I followed the directions for cleaning the top but it did not do much as far as cleaning off the grease from the top mechanism on the lower sides of my tan fabric top. It did however provide a nice protective water resistant coating when applied as others have done here instead of using the sprayer. I used a brush and coated the top as if painting it. This way it goes on heavier and does not cause over-spray on painted or glass surfaces.While I only gave it a 3 star I am sure it is as good as the Rag Top brand and a lot less expensive. It should also be noted that our top is very old and was not properly cared for before we bought the car so it very well may work a lot better on a newer top."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There is no swiveling between the cap, the tube and the bottle. In other words, when you screw/unscrew the cap onto the car's brake fluid container, there will be kinking on the tube itself. Untangling the kinks is a chore because the bottle is both quite big and heavy when it is filled with brake fluid. They should have designed with some quick-connect/disconnect like the compressor air hose. That would be an ideal solution, but I guess it will add to the cost for adding that feature. However, I doubt that it would cost much because I browsed through the air-hose connectors at Harbor Freight and they run typically a couple of bucks each. I might modify this bleeder with the air hose connector to address the problem."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This made my brake flush just as easy as an oil change. Fill it up, tighten everything up (really tight, more on that later) pressurize and open caliper bleed nipples one by one.Couple nit-picks:1: Tough to tell when you are running out of fluid in the resivoir. The pressure bottle is a thick plastic that's barely translucent. Nearly pumped air through the entire brake system at the end because I couldn't tell the pressurizer was dry of fresh fluid.2: They really need to ship with a roll of teflon plumbers tape. The connection between the hose and the adapter leaked for me, and I had it tight as could be.Overall a must have for DIY brake jobs. Couple things hold it back from being a 5-star product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The quality of the Bleeder is awesome, however it will take hours upon hours if you plan on actually using this product to bleed your car's brake fluid. You are far better off either using a buddy to pump the brakes and you open the bleeder valve and then press the brakes in 5-10 times, and then closing the bleeder valve and repeat as necessary. You get a higher amount of fluid out each time than using this bleeder. After squeezing the top on it managed to keep 14 PSI (14.5 Recommended for by VW mechanics manual), which literally pushed out 10 drops every minute.If you aren't too sure how to bleed brakes as I stated above, just go on youtube and you'll see what I am talking about.Also the bleeder bottle you can find on amazon as an item frequently bought with this item is worth the money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Love this!  Does what everyone says.  Puts a polish and shine that lasts 3-6 months.  Makes new cars staybright and old oxidized cars 'almost' look new.  What's great is just rub on and buff off in 15 min., and you use only a capful per 3 sq/ft.  Water beads up and rolls off, or gets blown off while driving(water flies off the windshield). Between waxing, add a capful to bucket of clean water and wash your car. MUST dry car immediately with microfiber cloths so no spots will form.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  Great shipping by AMAZON and VENDOR."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I gave this 4 stars because it is a great, gentle, all in one protectant.  It performs as promised.  Would not hesitate to get it.  One thing for sure.....  If you want a 5 STAR product, get the KLASSE Sealant/Protectant in the Silver jug.  It is fantastic, and if I was only going to get ONE KLASSE product, it would be the Sealant just mentioned.  The silver bottle!  Red bottle comes in at one step behind.  But both are good."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The reviewers here who say to remove the black lens covering are not increasing their ability to see better, only increasing the glare to other drivers.  They are also breaking the seal  and allowing water intrusion to do so, for no benefit.The light pattern of these is not ideal but for the price is fine. Mount them properly, aim them properly, and use them in conditions that warrant their use and only then, and they are an effective product.But too many use automotive lighting incorrectly, thinking that a huge blast of light is allowing them to see better, when in all actuality all it is doing is constricting their pupil sizes, and vision, and blinding oncoming traffic.I hope cops start ticketing these fools who are using auxiliary lighting improperly, or retrofitting HID bulbs into halogen housings."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just got one for my 2001 Chevy Suburban and one for my 2006 Ford Five hundred. These covers fit well. They don't slide and they are made of real leather. You can smell the leather scent. One imprtant note is that as a result of these covers being made well and of a thick leather, they do make the driving experience slightly different. They do make the steering wheel thicker. No regrets, the steering wheels on my cars were in poor condition. The alternative would have been to purchace new steering wheels."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use the &#34;scary sharp&#34; method of sharpening knives, plane irons, and chisels. That involves wetting a sheet of abrasive, laying it on a flat surface, like a thick sheet of glass (I use a surface plate) and sharpening tools on that. For the occasional woodworker it's inexpensive and very effective, and a lot less messy than waterstones.Reshaping damaged edges, I start with something like 325 grit wet-or-dry . For normal honing I start with 3M's 800 grit sheet and finish with this. It provides a mirror finish and a single sheet lasts through many sharpening cycles. I'll probably eventually invest in a set of good waterstones ($150-200) but for now this is a good substitute."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great product!  It brought back the original look and actually a nice satin-gloss look to my tires.I agree with other reviews, don't care for the Ultra Glossy finish some tire dressing produce and this is a restorer... it helps the rubber.  Just be aware that this is a strong and some what dangerous product, they warn that this can cause  cancer, and as a survivor of Melanoma from last year, I take this cautions seriously!  Just follow the directions, be safe, and enjoy the look this produces!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I like this 3M Tire Restorer because it goes on easily and covers well. It leaves the tire looking great and not real shiny but like new. I don't like the really shiny tire products because it looks peculiar to see a tire that way. I prefer the matte finish where the tire looks like new and clean. I have tried lots of tire products and use this one consistently on my new truck and looks great. Also seems to last awhile. I also like the way it comes out of the spray bottle as it is a nice fan spray that covers a good area. Worth trying if you like to keep your vehicle looking like new."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was at our Good-Guys car show (with my show car) a few years ago and a (NAPA) dealer had this product for sale. They said try it and if you don't like it bring it right back and I'll give your money back. Well...I didn't and I have continued to use this for years since. This stuff is great and like others have stated really brings the new tire look without being too shiny. I used it on all the plastic and rubber parts to bring new life look back and also the colored plastic panels can bring the color back. None of it is permanent and tires need to be re done every other wash or so. I use the 'Eagle One Tire Swipe' applicator to apply the product or wipe it around for an even appearance. I have even used it sparingly on my Azek deck and keeps it looking sharp (but if too much can get slippery). Great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been struggling for years with my lever action grease gun as you really do need a third hand to use it. I finally got fed up enough and did some research on-line and noticed the LINCOLN model had the best ratings. I love the way it locks onto a fitting and doesn't leak all round the sides of the fitting instead of going into the fitting as my old gun did....(made a mess and wasted grease) The Lincoln forces all the grease into the fitting easily...once you snap onto the fitting you only need ONE hand to operate! This is a quality piece of equipment and worth every penny especially with the best price and free shipping from Amazon. Now I wont get aggravated and talk myself out of greasing the cars and  lawn tractor as I should be.....THANK YOU LINCOLN INDUSTRIAL 1134....."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This thing seems extremely well made, even if it isn't made in the USA. I had a cheap gun before this and blew the seals on the second use. This pumped grease into some well rusted fittings with ease.My only complaint is the hose fitting that attaches to the zerks. Yes, it is a 2 piece design as many have mentioned which is both good and bad. If you have easily accessible zerks that need a lot of pressure, you can screw this on and use both hands to pump. However, large u-joints can be a huge pain as I can't get anything in to tighten the fitting. I found I had to keep making adjustments then sticking it in the joint until I found the perfect setting where it fit on the zerk but didn't lose grease. However, there were a few joints where I was unable to find this balance and couldn't get them to take grease. I will have to buy a different hose to get them all."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very well constructed but it has a design flaw that makes it useless. The internal plunger has a disc with a slot and the T handle needs to engage the disc perfectly or the rod pushes into the grease and not the disc so the grease does not load properly. I have 4 other standard grease guns and these work perfectly but I wanted the pistol grip so I could pump with one hand.I have not idea what the intended purpose is in having the rod disengage from the plunger disc as this is unique in my experience to the Lincoln grease gun."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Wow this stuff really works when used correctly! I used the Meguire's Final Inspection spray as a lubricant (mandatory) and cleaned  off 5 years or road grime from the lower third of my SUV in no time at all. It was heavy and thick and not the paint is smooth as glass. Get a few containers of the clay for a SUV or large car because it does get dirty and you will drop a piece or two during the cleaning process. Meguire's has some very good How-To video's demonstrating the proper way to use this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Maybe its just me, but I didn't see much difference.  I have a 2010 370Z that I baby, and decided after three years it might be time to detail the finish.  As I said, I baby the darn thing so its garage kept and pretty clean to start with.  I followed the long, involved instructions written by one of the experienced reviewers to the letter. I decided to just do the hood, and then clean/wax the rest of the car for comparison. .  I could see some different in the hood.  It was definitely a higher gloss.  But not a difference that any one else would notice.  Maybe it would be more noticeable in an older car with faded paint.  But I wouldn't waste time doing this again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product will do what is says it will do.  That being said, it does not inspire confidence in heavy use situations.  It does not appear very rugged.  Nice that it comes with the mount, but again the mount is very thin and light and probably won't last very long.  Also, the wire coloring does not match with the standard US codes.  White is ground on the item, while in most cases in the US, black is the ground wire.  Where was this thing made?  Again, it is a good price, and a useful product, but just beware it might be very rugged or reliable.  Make sure to read the enclosed documentation so that you match your wiring correctly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Works well as a way to adapt our car's 7 blade trailer hookup to also work on our 4 wire bicycle trailer. The LEDs are particularly appreciated, as a way of ensuring proper functioning of trailer lighting to at least that point. The rubber cover for the 4 contacts is also much appreciated.Our lawn mower once ran over this, damaging it enough that we bought another, though the original does still work - despite no longer being quite all there.My only other suggetion is that it's not always obvious in the dark which side goes up, though it does eventually only fit one way.Recommended!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Sure you can use a C clamp or a adjustable wrench but this isn't very expensive and looks to be of reasonable construction. My only issue is I have everything to install brakes but I've been waiting for almost 3 weeks for a floor jack to ship and I'll be damned if I'm breaking out the jack out of my trunk when quality floor jack is on order. Ok finally used this tool and all I can say is Perfect! Works just as it should, I tightened in small slow increments and let the piston settle all the way back. Made adding the pads a dream, now if there was a way to keep the freak'n pads in place till you slide the caliper back in place ! lol"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this to change my front brakes recently. I had never used a tool like this before. I've always just used a C-Clamp on the caliper. This tool was very simple to use. You just put an old brake pad on the caliper piston, stick the tool in the caliper, and turn the knob. The tool feels sturdy enough to last through many brake jobs. It is easy to use. It was a little more difficult for my car because it has 2 piston front brake calipers, so I had to go back and forth in the caliper to make sure that both pistons got compressed. It still was not hard to use, it just took a few minutes longer.I am very pleased. I would buy this again, but based on how this felt when using it, I don't think I will have to."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I own my own detailing business and use this product exclusively for three purposes.  1. As a clay lubricant for paint contamination removal and 2. Putting the finishing touch on vehicles that are freshly painted and/or have had recent body work.  I love the fact that it's body shop safe, and 3. Prepping my polishing pads.  Otherwise, for anything else I use Meguiars synthetic spray detailer that wipes off even easier and has the added benefit of putting a protective \"film\" over the vehicle.  Another great product by Meguiars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used the Meguiar's professional line for years and couple them with the Meguiars pads used on a Porter Cable 7424 random orbital polished.  Results are outstanding.  This time, I had to rescue the finish from an incompetent transport company that wiped down the car dry trying to be &#34;helpful&#34; leaving it a mass of swirl marks.  Even this wasn't abrasive enough to remove them, had to go the low cut cleaner first then this polish and all is right with the world.  Two potential problems with this product - if you use an orbital polisher that isn't random, you'll likely burn through your paint if you are not a pro.  Second, DO NOT let the product dry before wiping off and when wiping off, a very damp cloth helps a lot.  Change the cloth (micro fiber preferred) frequently (I use about a dozen to do a small Mazda Miata as they will load up quickly).  Use the product sparingly - a little does a lot."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I ordered this stethoscope over the other brands on Amazon because of its higher reviews.  I had also read that other scopes were painful in people's ears.  The quality of this scope is as expected, but the earpieces are painful to wear for more than a few seconds.  That made it difficult for me when I was hunting for a noise in the front end of my car and had to test multiple places.  For quality, I like the scope.  For comfort, I do not.  Ultimately, I'd seek an alternate scope (for comfort reasons) if I were in the market for this product again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I am working on my own truck and am not a mechanic.  I have not used the pump on the truck, yet, but just tested the pump for functions and leaks.This pump has 2 functions: vacuum and pressure, which are selected with a knob on the side.  The pressure release valve has a large handle, but this makes it easy to accidentally release the pressure.  The gauge swivels, so the gauge must be fitted with an o ring.  It comes with a nice case and all the little parts has their own places.For both vacuum and pressure, nothing leaked for at least 20 minutes.For about $72.00, Mityvac beats the Lisle vacuum pump (single function and came with broken pressure release valve) handily.Even though it will be extra expense, I plan to look for a bigger container for draining brake fluid.  I bought a rubber cork stopper to see if I can make my own air tight container."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First off, don't get turned off by the name, Yellow is the color of the stuff, it won't turn your paint yellow!  It does look great on yellow paint though, also reds and darker colors like dark blue and black.  For lighter colors you are better off going with something else, Collinite 845 is a great choice.Pros:-DRIPPY wet looks.  You'll want to grab a towel and dry your paint, its that wet!-Decent durability, approx 2-3 months on a car parked outdoors-Fills in minor swirling-Leaves paint nice and slickCons:-Stains trim (rubber, black plastic)-Needs to be applied very thin, otherwise it can be hard to take off-Can streak if used on a hot surface or if too much is usedOverall, this is a great wax that has been around for a very long time because it looks so great.  its a total steal at the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the one to buy!Pros:- Cheap- Just the right size to remove the blue oil filter on my 2011 Subaru WRX. Attaches to a standard 3/4\" ratchet. Hasn't seen a filter on my car that it couldn't remove.- If you're not sure about your filter size, it comes with a template on the back so you can measure up your car's filter against it to see if it works for you before you open it. I like that it has a good range of filters it can accommodate.Cons:- For filters that have been overtightened (i.e. at the dealership), it permanently dents the filter, but who cares? It doesn't dent the filters I installed to the proper tightening specification.- Packaging is kind of weaksauce, but I could care less.- It's not very pretty, and the spring and mechanism are all exposed, but again, this tool is about functionality and you only use it once every couple months."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This item is primarily used for REMOVAL, not installation of an oil filter that has been tightened too much to remove by hand. The half-circles of metal grip the canister of the oil filter and they dig into that sheet metal to prevent slipping when you apply pressure to your wrench handle and start to turn. The tool may need to dig in enough to dent the oil filter canister depending on the degree of excessive tightening by a previous installer. Each half circle on the tool is brought to initial grip and held there by a set of springs on a sliding mount to accommodate a variety of filter canister sizes.  I used it to remove the original factory oil filter for the first oil change on a new vehicle. I probably won't have to use it ever again. In 40 years of DIY oil changes across a couple dozen different cars, I've never had a leak by simply hand-tightening the canister to the mount."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed this for the newer style u-joint grease fittings (not zerks). There is no other efficient way to grease these new fittings without this injector. The picture doesn't show it , but the tip has a coating on it almost like bed lining to seal against the ball seat. I haven't tried it on conventional zerk fittings, but I don't see why it wouldn't work, especially on hard to reach/limited access fittings. I'm going to buy another one as backup since I can't find one locally."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I haven't really used it yet for the reason intended, changing the oil in my jet ski.  So, I can't comment on how well it works.  The main reason for this review is to put it out there that it does not work with a 2000 Chevy Silverado.  The siphon tube does not fit thru the bottom of the dip stick tube.  It would be really nice if Mityvac had a published list of what vehicles it works with and what ones it does not.  I have my fingers crossed that it'll work with my jet ski, otherwise there will be a new/(un)used Mityvac on *****'slist.  Long story short, do your research to see if you can confirm or deny if it will work with your vehicle before you buy it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This fluid evacuator leaks around the top cover, both under vacuum and pressure. After taking the cover off it is apparent that the o-ring seal is too small to make up the gaps in the wavy top surface of the cylinder. I will keep it and make it work, most likely with silicone, but that sort of defeats the fluid dispensing function, as I will not be able to thoroughly clean the container without sealing it up with new silicone each time.The fact that it can be used for pressure or vacuum is good. The pump and associated plumbing works great, just a poor design for the cover seal."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was apprehensive because of the reviews with people saying theirs only worked once.. But I get the feeling that they didn't understand how the thing works. You can easily damage the components by using it wrong. You pump the thing 3-4 times per quart, but you don't want to sit and pump while you're removing the fluids, that isn't how it works. Pump it a 3-4 times and wait for it to get done, then do it again. It goes pretty fast! I did my brakes, trany, oil, power steering, transfer case, and differential before pulling the plug to get the rest and not make a mess and radiator fluid on a couple different vehicles.. went smoothly. I recommend buying a half inch hose clamp for the rubber reducer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are adjusting headlights on a Ford with 4mm adjusting screws this tool is a must. The review that states that the screw moves out enough to keep you from removing the tool from the end of the screw is questionable however. On all the  headlights I have seen, the adjustment on the light moves in and out and the screw dose not, so If you can get the tool on, you will always be able to get it off. Tool is well made and the infinite ratchet is handy. Should last a lifetime even though the vehicle will not. All mechanics I know have one and Amazon is the cheapest. I ordered one that said it was used, in good condition, for ten bucks. When it arrived, it was on the original blister pack, unopened. This is not always the case, but this time, it was. If you are thinking of buying one of these tools, do it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After I replaced the old faded headlights on my 2000 Ford CVPI, I noticed that they needed to be adjusted. I called a \"local and official\" state lamp adjusment shop and they quoted me $80 to adjust the two new headlamp assemblies I bought on E-Bay for $50. Right. So I tried to adjust them myself but it was very difficult and time consuming. I bought this tool from a local Napa Auto Parts store. The tool worked OK but unfortunately because the head is so big, it would only turn to a certain extent before being stopped by the other metal piece to the rear of the headlamp assembly unit. Another reviewer below mentioned the same problem. So in the end, the tool was really useless because I could not use it to completely turn the small screws all the way back towards the rear. Ford made such a poor design of their frame that I cannot believe how hard it was to change out my bulbs and headlamp assembly much less adjust them properly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Ordered this tool to align new headlamps I installed in my ranger. If you're looking at this review right now, you probably already know how difficult it is to access the headlamp adjusters. Thats where this little bundle of joy comes in, making it nearly effortless to align ford headlight assemblies. When you're not able (or willing) to use a small ratchet and metric socket to adjust the headlamps, than this is the tool for the job. And as always, Lisle makes an awesome product (which mostly tend to be made in the USA). Overall, great buy."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You can't beat these tools in ease of replacing tie rod ends.  I haven't tried the pitman arm puller or the ball joint tool yet, but if they're anything like the tie rod tools, they'll make your life way easier.  Don't mess around with those pickle stabbers, get a real set of tools and make your life easier.  They're beefy enough to work on everything the &#34;home mechanic&#34; can throw at them, and it's really refreshing when you can take a tie rod end off with barely a twist of a wrench.  They come in a nice case too!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It is apparently well made.  Works as you would expect.  Mine reads between 1 and 2lbs higher than the pressure compared with my racing gauge in the 29lb - 44lb range.  It is marked in 2lb increments but seems to bounce around a bit.  wouldn't count on getting closer than within 2 of your desired pressure with this unit.  It is good for filling past your point, knowing you are there,  then use a more accurate gauge and let air down to the exact pressure you seek.  For lots of uses it will be fine just to go with this tool and accept the +/- 2 lbs or so of error."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is perhaps one of the best air chucks you can buy. True, it isn't cheap and you get what you pay for.Unfortunately though, it does not work 100% on the dualies on my motorhome, which is why I bought it. Turns out, I need the chuck version that has a straight inner tire chuck and angled outer tire chuck. This item has both angled inner and outer chucks.But I can buy a replacement chuck (which Amazon does not sell), or a combination chuck with 12&#34; hose (which Amazon does sell), so I can retrofit the chuck for my type dualie setup.I am giving it 5 stars because I simply ordered the wrong item, so I am not going to gig the product because of that. Amazon though could describe the products a bit better rather than making me go to the vendor's website and looking up the product number to see which one is what I need."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This air gauge is dead on accurate, it seals completely, allows air to flow the way it should and the two headed chuck fit all cars, trucks and even those pesky hard to reach motorcycle valve stems. I own three motorcycles and there is nothing more aggravating than trying to fit a chuck in between rotors, fork tubes and tight spaces on a motorcycle. You know what I mean. This two headed angled chuck is angled perfectly to fit over a cycle stem without leaking or having to bend the valve stem. I love it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I believe if your looking for something to make airing anything up these are &#34;The cats rear end.&#34; If you are some guy who want to complain that it's off .25698 of a pound or 1.94236 of a pound spend the 8000 dollars for the top of the line air gauge. If you want to air something up and recheck it with you .50 air gauge or your 30.00 Snap-on air gauge that was certified and find the numbers are off then don't buy this. If you like me, average Joe, that uses it to check tire pressure, air kids basketballs, and around the house airing jobs, I have had 2 in my life this is the 2nd in 40 years and they both work perfect for these needs and have never failed. Great shipping and thanks again Amazon for offering at cheaper price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The only flaw that kept me from leaving a 5-star rating is the \"inaccurate\" gauge.. Everything else works great & the inflator unit itself is built with quality material designed to withstand heavy use.After having read other's review here, I caliberated this Milton S-506 gauge against a high end digital gauge that I use on my passenger vehicles & the reading from this gauge is consistantly 4 psi lower.I bought this gauge for my Chevy DuraMax Dually, so I simply inflate the tires up to 64 psi in order to achieve 60 psi pressure on all the tires.So word to the wise, caliberate it against a better, more precise gauge first before you put it to use, this way you'll know how much to \"offset\" before you rely on it completely.Overall, it is an excellent value."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This works exactly as you expect. If your gap is too small, you can just slightly tilt the entire gauge while measuring the gap, and the gap will extend some... that is, measure, push to extend, re-measure, and repeat until you have the right gap.You can also use the inside of the small ring area to expand the gap. This is where I think the tool could improve. The small edge of the wedge on the inner ring could be smaller. Once, I happened to tap my gap too small to fit on that wedge, and had some trouble getting the gap to open back up enough to again work on the gauge.All in all, though, this is a necessity in my motorcycle tool bag."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Measured my front and rear tires.  Front 6/32, rear 8/32.  Time to rotate.Accuracy is cleaverly done by putting the numbers around the barrel so accuracy is increased because numbers are spread apart.  Mechanically simple and small to fit in glove commpartment.Can't imagine any advantage to paying more for such a simple tool when this one works so well.  Quality is medium but more than sufficient for this purpose.  Only a few measurements needed for tires.  This tools is the one to buy."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got this to try to extend the life on my motorcycle tires by adjusting the air to keep the tread depth similar on the middle of the tire and on the sides. It appears I was running too much air and the middle tread was wearing faster than the sides. The gauge is simple and straight forward, however, the scale goes around the cylinder that goes in and out, so if you measure tread depth at one point on the tire, you have to turn the gauge around to read tread depth at another point on the tire if it is more, or less, than the first reading. Also, while you can &#34;guestimate&#34; the depth (good enough for personal use) by reading the lines on the gauge, I would just go for one of the digital depth gauges if I had to buy one again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just want to say thank you to milton for making a METAL tread depth gauge. I hate those little plastic ones. The best part about it is the numbers on the gauge are recessed, stamped, into the metal. So even if the black ink were to come off (hasnt come off ater a few years) you can still read the numbers. A little bit of lubrication with some silicone or rust penetrant helps keep it sliding smooth, and if you dont, it rusts up and makes it really rough and may even give some strange tread depth readings. The pintle is quite strong (used it as a screwdriver on a desperate situation once) and the ink is long lasting."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "What can ya say--it very inexpensive, yet it WORKS!!!!!  I spent like $17 on a digital Fowler tread gauge only for it to tell me my tires had 23/32 tread left??  How is that possible, when new it is only 13/32??  If that were the case, I'm sure Yokohama woul dbe hunting me down to steal those tires,lolThis Milton tread gauge is very basic and it works!!  No batteries to worry about. It does feel a tad greasy when you touch it. I just keep it in a ziploc bag in my trucks cub hole!!  Too easy!!  Don't let the low price fool you, it works!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This tool was just what I needed for a difficult to access connector. Lots of under hood connectors get very brittle and fragile with age but this worked great in my application and I was able to lift the retaining snap just enough to remove it without breakage. Will it work every time...probably not but it always helps to have the right tool for the job to minimize frustration. The tool I received had a grey handle not red like the picture. Not a big deal for me but thought it was worth mentioning for people who care about that..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was replacing an organizer I've had for years, that was just a little too small.  I saw this and hoped it would be a good replacement, but it wasn't.  If it's full of things it's alright, but it's totally soft sided with nothing really giving any shape to it, so if you don't have it full enough to hold its shape, it's going to start to fall in on itself.The mesh pockets on the outsides are alright but easy to get things stuck in that mesh.  I would've liked a couple of the open top pouches to be solid sides to facilitate holding different things.For the price, though, as long as you are going to keep stuff in it to help it hold its shape, it's a decent deal.  Not much you can find that's bigger than a visor organizer for under $20..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is excellent.  If you are the type who pays attention to detail, especially cleaning your dash, you will not be dissapointed.  For best results, follow the directions EXACTLY (this goes for all Mother's brand products).  I've noticed that using Mother's two step model: (1) evenly apply the product over the surface, wait, then (2) buff the surface to ensure an even application.  Using this product like one would for armor all will not give you the intended results.  Additionally, even a left-leaning Liberal (I am not either) would love this product as the ingredients are ph balanced."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had always used a different brand for all my interior car detailing.  I was out of product and came across this.  After reading some of the reviews I thought I would give it a try. Was I ever happy I did. This is the best detailing product for all interior car surfaces that I have ever used.  My car is 12 years old and I have always kept it clean and looking good.  After using Mother's Protectant on the dash and interior surfaces everything looked new again!  Even the faux wood trim.  I then applied the product to every seal around the window and doors, they then looked deep black and new.  In spots that were to small to get into I used an old toothbrush.  I have now made Mother's Protectant my go to interior detailing product as well as the product I use on all weather stripping and rubber seals."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I began with Step 1 Polish, and Step 2 Micro-Polish and Glaze, and finished up with the Step 3 Wax, using the Mothers Powerball 4Paint.  The Powerball put the wax on smoothly and uniformly, and after doing Step 1 and Step 2, my hands welcomed the break using the Powerball.  The car looks a brilliant white now.  With all the work preparing the finish, I put 3 coats of wax on it.  The car is a full-size, and there is enough Step 1 and Step 2 to do at least another car, and despite the 3 coats of wax, there is still enough in the bottle for maybe another 2 or 3 wax jobs.  Very pleased with the 3 Step process, and the Powerball."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm not a professional car detailer but I have been waxing my own car for a good 10 years and understand the steps. I hand waxed this product onto my car and it was difficult to polish out with my soft terry cloth. For some odd reason the wax was leaving residue even though I was trying to buff it out with fresh cloth. After buffing the car, it did not come out as expected and the surface did not feel like there was wax, in fact it felt like I just washed my car only. I'm thinking this product needs to be applied using an orbital buffer as it requires more even pressure throughout. I will follow up on this review after trying out using a buffer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a dark colored car, so I purchased one of those \"black\" tinted spray waxes which claimed it also cleans and shines black plastic and metal trim.  Wrong.  I also use a regular (not black) liquid spray polish detailer.  It's okay on regular black plastic and window trim surfaces.But neither could clean the paste wax residue ruining the look of the textured black plastic on top of my rear bumper.  But Mothers Back-to-Black certainly did.  Now my car looks showroom new again.The product is a cream colored liquid (not black).  So my product applicator (an old sock) and my wiping cloth (an old t-shirt, both from my husband) aren't stained.  I'm very happy and I would I highly recommend this product to everyone."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Jeep Wrangler (1999 model) has wide plastic type fenders over each wheel well. These black plastic fenders, at least on my vehicle, turned and discolored over the years. I tried numerous products and while many would restore the black, the color would eventually fade and I would be right back to where I started. I ordered this Mother's product and applied that to my fenders. I was very surprised at the amount of color restoration I got from applying two or three coats. The black did return and my fenders looked great. I have now been driving the vehicle about three months and I still have nice looking fenders. I also used the polish on my black running boards and the end caps on both the front and rear bumpers. All received the polish well and color looks good. It is easy to apply and then wife. Don't leave the polish on too long after drying as it will be more difficult to polish."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are restoring a 35 years old BMW classic you need only the best and this (as all Mothers products I have used so far- and they are many) is among if not the best.Several applications (every week)during the first 3 months have restored all rubber to its new like condition and this brings not only a better look but also brings back the purpose of seals all over the car. From noise reduction to air tightness to better working AC and well,many other advantages.Believe me, I don't own the company!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've tried every blackening product out there, Black-Magic, Armor All, Meguiar's, and even my own concoction and none work as well as this. Not only that, it lasts about 3-4 weeks outside in the weather, which I find amazing.Also it seems like the more you use it, the better it looks and the longer it stays black. Plus it has a pleasant smell, which is always nice.The only complaint I have is that it is a bit runny, which can make applying it a bit hard, but it's still worth every cent.A must have for anyone with black trim/molding!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I began with Step 1 Polish, and continued with the Step 2 Micro-Polish and Glaze, using the Mothers Powerball 4Paint.  The Powerball saved my hands, and this Micro-Polish and Glaze made the white surface of my car reflect like a mirror.  You can't see the micro scratches easily on a white car, but you could see how smooth the surface was, and you could feel it.  I followed up with 3 coats of the Step 3 wax, and the car looks showroom new.  There is enough left in the bottle, after doing my full-size car, for at least another full-size car.  Good value!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I suppose you could use this without first using the Gold Pure Polish and you will get a reasonably shining car.  However, if you want to do the job right, start with the Gold Pure Polish to get the pollution and other crime removed from your finish and the proceed with this glaze.  The glaze is not very thick so be careful squirting it out of the bottle.  This product goes on easily and comes off easily.  Afterwards your vehicle will be shiny, however to go all the way you need to finish the job with the Gold Carnauba Wax.  You need to commit to an entire afternoon to do all three steps."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The good news is that this is easy to spray on and wipe off. The spray handle gives a fine mist that covers a good area. The spray wipes off easily. The bad news is that the shine is not much better than if I had just washed it and left it. Maybe it will get better over time as the coating builds up. It also streaks a bit but this is minimized if you use a good microfiber cloth.  It's good stuff but doesn't give me the kind of shine I would get from a regular wax job."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one of the necessary evils to keep my vehicles looking good. It is not a lot of fun but it gets all the contaminats off your vehicle so you can polish. Comes with everything you need. Just spray the lubricant on the vehicle and on the clay itself and start rubbing. It is amazing how much comes off even after it has been washed. I normally do a 2 ft x 2 ft section and refold the clay after each section is done to get a clean side. When it becomes pretty bad I use it to clean off my wheels. I've tried both Meguiars and Mothers and I like Mothers a little better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I enjoyed using this product on my vehicle. Looks and feels much smoother.I spent some time working on the entire car. It took a lot longer than the 30-45 minutes people have been posting.The \"Mothers Clay Bar System\" did remove most of the debris off of the surface, but it did leave behind dots of tree sap, and some tar that kicked up on the side of my car. (I did work on it extensively attempting to remove everything.) The system worked well for me, just not up to the hype I had read about.I noticed a big difference in drying off my car now. Before a microfiber towel would stick, now it glides!If you want to spend sometime with your car I would recommend it. Don't expect miracles.Hope this reviews helps!Thanks for reading it! :)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've owned a black car for 25 years and keeping it clean and keeping swirls out for the paint is tough. So I bought another black car but this time I searched you tube for car care and found things about &#34;claying&#34; your car. I thought &#34;no way&#34; I'm going to rub a bar of clay on my black car, that would just scratch it to death. Well I was wrong, even after a good cleaning there is still dirt particles in the paint, just do the plastic bag test and you will see. I used the clay bar as instructed and it deep cleaned the surface and in turn I could seal the paint after the claying job. It does an amazing job on cleaning your paint. I have used it to remove scuff marks, bird doo, bugs, about anything that is on your paint."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have been detailing cars and aircraft for forty years.I have tried almost every thing out there as far as waxes and cleaners go.I'm am a old school Simoniz guy. Yea, lots of work...but it works.I would always use a cleaner first, Dupont worked.I figured it might be time to try something new.So I tried the Mothers clay bar. Did not work well.I tried Meguires Clean and wax and that stuff is great.Tried Klasse, real good stuff.Micro fiber.. the more you spend, the better you get.The clay was a joke."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Never did this type of detailing to my cars before and was introduced to it by a friend.After getting the hang of using a clay bar on vehicle it is a truly impressive thing to see as it strips off all the junk our cars seem to accumulate over time and gets off the stuff that harms paint and makes it both LOOK and FEEL horrible!For the money both this kit and the Meguiar's are a great deal and even though it only has 2 clay bars there is plenty  to get the job done on a few cars for sure! You should definetly get a refill bottle of the detail spray since it needs to be applied liberally when doing the clay bar process. Having a gallon jub handy is good to do since you cant let this stuff dry out during the job!Cant say enough about this system of cleaning your car off from all the oxidation and grime that builds up over the years!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The clay bar is excellent, works wonders at removing all the little bits of grit and grime and leaving a mirror smooth-to-the-touch finish. The detailer and microfiber cloth are a bonus, however any quick detailer will work just fine for using the clay bar. I used the clay bar for the first time on my brand new Shelby GT500 which had a bit of grime built up from the trip from the factory to the dealer. I love how it felt after I was done. So smooooooth. I will definitely be using it often and will order another one of these in the future when I need to."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I like this kit a lot!It comes with 2 bigs bars of clay, think double the size of the Meguiars kit.A bottle of detail spray and a average quality microfiber cloth.I used autowash soap/water as a lube for the clay, did a great job on my 7 yr old van, I only washed it in 7 yrs....the paint is now smooth as a baby's bum, waxed it....My kids were wondering why the van was sooo slippery smooth and shineyI saved the detail spray to keep my cars looking tip top after washes.Great price here at Amazon, will keep buying it here."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are two (2) 50 gram bars in the package but there is enough clays on each bar that I cut them in halves & used the halves without any problem.Water hardness makes a noticeable difference. If you have hard ground water like I do, my advice is to spend the few extra bucks to wash & clay your car in a self car wash where the water is softened or deionized.Other wise you will not reap the full benefit of claying a car as you are just grinding the paint with microscopic mineral deposits.Use water as lubricant, do not leave any soap on the paint & use the suds as lubricant as the chemical in soap will quickly break down the clay bar itself. You will find the clay \"disintergrate\" after 1-2 car washes if you rely on soap as lubricant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This Permatex Ultrablack is wonderful stuff, a tough sealant and it does NOT tend to harden in the tube - - it's always ready to use when I take off the cap. Unfortunately, this particular item is ONLY 1/2 OUNCE!!So it's not a good deal for the price. There is no info in the item posting, you have to notice the image and the \"0.5oz\" on the package (which I didn't). Go for the 3.5 ounce tube, much better deal.5 stars for the product, 2 stars for the incomplete description."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this in order to seal some parts of my car's valve cover mating surfaces.The shop I paid for the timing belt service to be done did not do a good job.Valve cover gasket never leaked before, it started leaking after they put a new gasket.Obviously they did not clean the mating surfaces.I did the job myself since I did not trust the mechanics at that particular shop.It does not leak now.This product also helped me repair parts of glass molding (rubber parts around the rear glass) that started cracking, falling off.All in all it is a great product and is worth the money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you leave spark plugs in an aluminum head for 100,000 miles, your spark plugs may break or the threads strip when you try to remove them.  Using anti-seize is supposed to prevent this.  If you use it, torque to the lower end of the tolerance because of the added lubrication from the anti-seize.  I never had spark plugs stuck even without anti-seize so I can't say for certain that it works but it is cheap insurance.  You can use it on any fasteners subject to corrosion."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this stuff really helps prevent rust on nuts and bolts. i lubed up my brake studs with the permatex anti seize and it lasted through out the whole winter without needing to be re-applied again. i actually apply this on every bolt i have to take out on my car like the struc bolts, tie-rod, axle nut, brake caliper bolts, etc. i dont know how well this would work against exhaust bolts however. the permatex anti seize does say it can tolerate 500 degree F of heat but never had the chance to test that out."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I would have purchased it on Amazon, but I could not wait to try it out. It works better than I thought on light scratches that do not go through the paint but only through the clear-coat. I was able to quickly fix damage caused by rubbing against a metal fence. The side panel looks 97-99% as good as new. As others have mentioned, It takes a lot of elbow grease. Nest time I'll invest in a power polisher. Boy do my arms hurt. But with a power polisher, you have to be careful to not burn the finish. Thank you all Fellow \"Amazonians\" for the reviews and tips."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is great wax! It truly deserves the Gold Class name. I use this after the Meguiar's Ultimate Polish. I also have migrated to a 6 in buffer/polisher. I used to do all of my polishing and waxing by hand, and with the buffer, this turns out great. I have an 89 LeSabre that is Black Sapphire in color. Before using the polish/wax combo, it looked more like a darker blue. Nothing really deep. After polishing and waxing, it now looks like the black in black sapphire. It looks great in the shade, as it should and looks beautiful in the sun. There is a nice deep, glassy color, and I am pleased with the results. The water also beads very nice, too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used this product along with several other Meguiar's car are products and am aware of their quality reputation. Truth be told, I chose this product over the 3m glaze because it was available through Prime and I could get it delivered faster. I prefer 3m products and most likely always will.That aside, this glaze works very well. The glaze has the look of dark mustard. Several thin coats of this glaze provide a deep shine.I've used this glaze on a black colored vehicle and a white one. It almost seems as if the black car was excessively prone to picking up light lines(super thin scratches). This was not as noticeable on the white paint finish.This glaze is a good buy."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this on my dark red mustang and did half the car only. I could not tell any difference. Went back and finished the car and it looked great but it look great before using this so not sure what I was gaining.By reading all the reviews I was expecting a wow factor.Maybe it does better on older cars but my mustang is not new either but in good shape.Also used it on an 09 Focus and again, no difference.Makes me wonder with these clear coats in that these products do not get down to the paint level and sinceclear coats are already glossy, a good polish does little.Not that impressed but will give it 3 stars since most people have good luck with it but my advise is if you havea car with good paint and clear coat, do not expect miracles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Finally used up my first bottle of this after a few years.  The great thing about this wax is that it is easy to remove the dried haze.  You can leave it overnight if want and it still buffs off easily.  Also it does not turn most plastic white if you get some on the plastic but I still avoid it.You don't need to apply much, just enough to cover the surface.  Does not have much polishing action so the paint needs to be clean before starting.  Also I use it on chrome, chromed plastic, etc."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Nu Finish and this product were listed as the top spots with Nu Finish liquid beating this one out only due to a lower cost and it being their best buy then.  Well I have Nu Finish and I have used it on a lot of cars and there is nothing wrong with it.  I just wanted to try something new.  This stuff goes on with less mess than the Nu Finish, comes off easier IMHO and also I believe it has a better shine.  I did however use a Meguiars polish before putting this wax on and I had never done that before ever using the Nu Finish.  I'll wax with this stuff about once a month and every weekend when I don't use this wax I use theMeguiar's Ultimate Quik Wax"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've owned this wax for some time.  It doesn't last more than a month - if that. It's a pain to put on and take off.  It goes on ok, but taking it off is another story, leaves a almost a oily residue until you wash your car, or use numerous towels/microfiber to take it off.  How much do you really want to rub your paint to get the residue off (I have black paint)?  I haven't really seen any good protection from the elements or from birds/bugs.  One postitive is that it does smell good when applying it but I'm sure Meguiars added the fragrance for some marketing perspective.  All in all, for the price compared to durability - this stuff is a waste and not sure why Meguiars even put it on the market."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is an easy to apply excellent wax. It does contain petroleum distillates (not stated on package but I called company to find out) so I cannot get any on the 3M film installed on the nose of my Corvette, a disadvantage for this vehicle. For waxing on paint it does a great job and is very durable on our 4Runner daily driver. I deducted one star because there was no yellow application pad in the package as stated.  Called Meguiars and they are sending me one.7/3 update... Deducted an additional star as no sponge received on timely basis as had been promised by Maguiars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is easy to apply and easy to wipe off.  But, on black cars especially, it does not give a nice deep glossy or \"wet look\" shine.  It leaves more of a streaky oily finish.I switched over to yellow carnuba wax and the difference was night and day.  I have a full bottle that I no longer use and it's just sitting in the garage collecting dust.If you have a black car, and stick with carunba wax instead of synthetics. Meguiar's to make great products, but this one fails to impress.I get a better shine off of Meguiar's cleaner wax than this NXT stuff.But a friend introduced me to Mothers pure carnuba wax and I have since made a switch in brand.  I mean the shine you get with this stuff is just insane."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product I'm finding does a nice job on my black leather Ford seats. This is my second bottle. A quick spritz on the seats and a couple on a white microfiber towel and i run over the seats quickly. The dirt appears to be on the towel when I am done and the seats shine nicely. It does not leave any grease feel which is important in a convertible in the summer when dust will stick if there is any type of residue like that left over. I use it once a week after a wash just to keep the appearance up. I'm going to try it on my leather couches inside the house instead of buying the kit that they sold me with the setup which dried out quickly. Meguiars goes on quick and comes off easy. Nice Product!They also sell products that separate these into two separate bottles. So far, I'm not changing. The car is a 2012 and does't need deep deep cleaning, which I imagine the other products are for leather that is older and needs more attention"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had I been thinking I would have taken before and after shots of the flute cleaning.  Basically, the flute hadn't been used in over 30 years and sat around becoming dull and oxidized.  Needless to say, after some dabs of Flitz and about 10 or more squares of paper towels, it looks brand new!  The paper towels and my hands were so black with oxidation, it was truly amazing.This stuff has done it all for me and I can easily say it is the best cleaner an polish out there.  Hands down."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I ordered this polish to clean up my aluminum wheels as demonstrated on a YouTube video. It did a good job with the wheels but I also tried it on the oxidized headlight lenses of the car as well. I didn't use any powered buffing wheel as I wasn't sure of the effect on the plastic. However, it didn't take too much rubbing to totally restore the clarity of the lenses. I've also used this on brass and it really worked there too. A little bit goes a long way so this tube should last quite a while."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this pad to applyMeguiar's M10532 Ultra Cut CompoundandMeguiar's M20532 Ultra Finishing PolishusingMeguiar's G110v2 Professional Dual Action Polisher.The pad stayed on the polisher (hooks and loops system) and followed contours of my car's body well.  I only had one pad and had to wash it after using Ultra Cut Compound and before using Ultra Finishing Polish.  I attached the wet pad to the DA polisher and turned it on to spin the water out of the pad.  The pad did not fly off.I am very satisfied with this pad."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This pad and the yellow polishing pad are perfect. Cell foam material is durable, wash and reuse. This pad worked perfectly on my Home Depot's Ridgid Random Orbital Sander with the hook and loop pad. Don't spend $140+ on a so called \"car\" random orbital polisher. The Ridgid is basically the same thing...yet only costs $60 and I can use it for home improvement work after my car is done. Meguiar's Scratch X 2.0 also works good with this pad to remove minor scratches and blemishes. Use Ultimate Compound for heavier oxidization."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this item because my hydraulic jack was leaking and I always had to top it up everytime I wanted to use it, which alone can take me 15 to 20mins to do.  With this, I just drive up and in a matter of about 2 mins I'm ready to work on my car.  It makes my DIY fluid changes and inspections MUCH easier and quicker.I have a 2005 Mazda 3, and I have absolutely no problems with it sliding, moving, or touching when I drive up on it.Although my car is not even half the weight of the 8000lb capacity model, I bought the 12000lb version just to be on the safe side.I've had this product for just under a year, and I use it every 4 - 5 weeks.  I highly recommend it if you like to save money and do your own oil changes."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Agree with everybody else this is a great polisher.  A bit on the costly size BUT is seems to last forever because you need so little.Not something I use every day but often enough so I always know where it is.  Couple years ago my tube looked empty so I ordered another.  That \"empty\" one is still going and going.  Just a dab goes and goes.One caviat, use an old T-shirt to polish with and whatever cloth you use do not plan on washing grey to black remains out of the cloth.  No big deal.Bought a gorgous old Navy brass 8\" bell with lots of tarnish.  Looked pretty good with the old patena but even better with the bright shine Simicrome put on it.  Been hanging outside long enough to put the patena back, LOL.  Use it to call the birds at feeding time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have nothing but great things to say about Simichrome. I have quite an arsenal of Detailing supplies (ask the Mrs, She wants to strangle me) Literally a few thousand dollars worth. I have put honest effort into all of the metal polishes I have used in the past and none of them stack up to Simichrome. Flitz metal polish is a distant second. If you can find the old Brasso in the metal can grab it! Its the old formula made prior to the VOC regulation changes and it is amazing. Simichrome paste is pretty damn close to Brasso if not better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Really wasn't sure if this would work. Didn't even understand how to use it until I received it. Sat on the shelf until the heater in my Tundra reminded me that I needed something that would remove that musty, moldy odor. This has a long tube that you insert into the vents in the center of the dash. Push the tubing in as far as you can (which is almost all of the tubing's length) and depress the button on the top. I did it both vents but never emptied the can. Then ran the blower. It wasn't until a few days later when the weather was typically that which would make me notice the musty smell but it wasn't there!! Very, very happy with this and even happier that I didn't have to take the truck to a repair shop for a 'flushing' of the venting system. Try it, you'll like it!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a very comfortable product to eliminate some stubborn odors from your Car Air conditioning system. I was having a very damp mildew odor from my car but was unable to find a good effective solution to that.I got my air conditioning system cleaned,refrigerant vacuumed and refilled but was unable to get rid of that smell completely. However after reading reviews on Amazon,decided to give it a try and yes,it did it well. Will definitely recommend this if you wanted to get rid of unwanted disturbing odors and will suggest to use it periodically to make your ride more pleasant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After reading the reviews on this product, I decided to bite the bullet and pay the high price for cockpit premium. I couldn't wait to get the stuff and start using it and I was excited to see for myself firsthand what the great fragrance was that everyone was &#34;ramping & raving about.Yes, the smell is nice for the whole 5 minutes you smell it. But after that, it dissipates into the air and you no longer can smell it. As far as the cleaning part goes, I'm not impressed with that either.I would not recommend this product to a friend unless it was $5 to $6 bucks cheaper."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "ArmorAll is great if you're in your teens and want your interior to look like you cleaned it with a can of crisco.  Even their matte products still leave you with a glossy sheen.  When it comes to me and my cars, I tend to look for quality products that I can use over and over again.  I've always found that with einszett products.  From interior to exterior, their products work flawlessly and produce great results.  The additional minty, slightly clinical yet sweet smell is always welcome in my vehicles.  Don't think twice, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Simply the best protectant I've ever tried. No greasy feeling like armor all, no tacky feeling like Meguiar's. The scent is a pleasant &#34;fresh&#34; smell. Does a fairly good job of taking off scuffs and such. It doesn't seem to attract dust, so flat trim looks better longer.A little goes a long way. I find I use about a quarter as much of this as I do the other protectants when doing my interior. Given this, while it isn't cheap, it really ends up costing less over the long term."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a tough unit and critical to clean the windows of my RV and truck.  I am glad I bought the 'used' one -- couldn't tell it wasn't brand new!  The unit is a little heavy - but that's good for what it does.  I wish I could adjust the angle of the step plate though... right now when mounted it actually is ~10* dropped from level and I would not want to slip off this thing (but the louvers will preclude that from happening I suspect)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have an old 55 GMC with a Napco 4wd on 37 inches tires and it stands pretty high. Even getting to the oil dip stick is a challenge without a step.That tire step is really great, it unfolds and installs in 2 seconds over the tire. It fits my 37x12.5 (it won't work with a bigger tire) and is pretty stable.It comes with a nice pouch with handles to carry it with you everywhere you go. It folds nicely and can be stored under your seat. A really great item, and I am considering buying a 2nd one so that I can have one on each side when I am working in the engine bay of the truck."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This little product has its place, but I don't think in its present form that it can replace road flares.  The idea is a good one, and with a little tweaking, the product might be a great item for an emergency road kit.  If they made the flare bigger, larger light emitting head, and light from all sides, I think they would have a winner.  In its current form, it is too small and too lightweight to be of much use.  One would need several, and at almost $10 each, that would be expensive.  I think a couple of them in a glove box might be a good idea, but no replacement for a huge flashlight and some road flares.A good idea but needs work."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This may be something that would be nice to have in your emergency pack, but it is small, toylike and not really functional as a \"flare\"  The light that is generated is bright in both the flash and continous shine mode, but the light is directional.  It projects basically in one direction as opposed to being a genuine flare style that projects in a 360 degree radius.  For a carry-around for emergency use it would provide some help, but I think there are better flameless flares on the market that would work better.  This is a lower cost item, so you may want to consider that when you make a comparison.  I give it three out of 5 stars but I can't recommend it to anyone who may consider this to be a complete emergency flare solution."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a little red flashlight, period.  Yes, the red light is bright, and yes, it blinks if you set it to do so.  But this would NEVER take the place of a real flare under any circumstances.DO NOT buy this to replace the flares you should carry in your car emergency kit!!!!Most flashlights have the light beam coming straight out of the end of the tube.  This one has the light coming off the side, like a beacon or lighthouse.  It can ONLY be viewed from straight on!  While a flare puts out intense light in all directions (like a sparkler) this little flashlight only puts out light in one direction - the direction you have faced the beam.  DO NOT BUY, except as a toy, or as a hiking signal light - I have given it two stars for it being at least that useful.Flare?  No way."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I measured it at 500 feet in the dark.  It is clearly visable.  But headlights will wash it out as some point as a car approaches it.  And if there are lights beyond your vehicle it may get lost.  However, it is inexpensive and certainly better than leaving your emergency blinkers on if you are going to be away for long enough for them to drain your battery.  I wouldn't buy just one per vehicle.  I'd buy several.  The magnetic feature is very handy.  But the key is getting your vehicle off the road as far as possible so emergency lighting is not as important.  If you can't I'd use emegegency flashers and get back to your vehicle ASAP.  And forget about using this during the day.  You can't see it from far enough away to avoid an accident."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I ordered this to help make a better fit for the bike rack on the front of a Ford Expedition. I was specifically hunting for a fairly short extension because I wanted the bikes to stick out no further than necessary. The selection of holes in this extension allowed me to adjust the fit into the receiver, as well as the fit of the bike rack into the extension. This allowed me to fit the bikes about 2 inches closer to the vehicle than any other extension I was able to find. Very pleased with its performance."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My dad has used Kroil for years but I wasn't able to find this in stores anywhere. Amazon to the rescue! While doing a brake job I had a couple bolts which I was NOT able to move. I tried PB Blaster and got nowhere. I sprayed on the Kroil and first I noticed that even though its thicker in consistency, it penetrates just as well (if not better) than PB blaster. It also bubbles a lot more (which I guess means its having a better chemical reaction.) After about an hour I tried the bolts again and they came loose right away!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The main reason I like this style frame is that the license plate goes on top of the frame, no part of the frame obscures anything on the plate.  Most bulkier frames cover about a 1\" wide strip at the top and/or bottom of the plate.  In some states this may be illegal, not sure about my state, PA.I have a \"vanity\" plate, and found most typical frames cover the text at the bottom of the plate.  This frame is only visible around the perimeter of the plate, which gives it a very nice appearance without getting in the way or being gaudy.The only complaint I have is that the chrome will begin to pit and flake after a few years, this is the second frame I purchased.  The first one lasted about 4 years.  However, for the cost, a new frame every few years is still a good deal to improve the look of a plain plate mounted on the car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed to replace my front tag holder and figured that I would like to have something that people just can't come up with a screwdriver and take it off. Granted you can take one look at it and pick up a hollow star key / wrench and take it off but at least it make it a little harder for the drive by plate theft. I gave this 4 starts only because of the construction of the Allen key like wrench which comes with the set. Instead of having the key portion in the short end so that you have the leverage of the long when you tighten the screws down but instead the key portion is in the tip of the long end so that you only have about one inch of tool to tighten the screws with so if they're tight, you'll end up like me with a box end wrench looped over the tool to complete the job. I still recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Not much to say, other than to let people know these work on Ford vehicles.I installed them on my Truck and my wife's Escape.  Both vehicles only use 2 screws so I was able to use one package for the 2 vehicles.On my truck I took the extra time to reach behind and put the white plastic \"nut\" on the end of the screw (on the tip of the screw that stuck through the bumper).  This will make it pretty much impossible to remove the screws without holding onto the nut.(I think the white plastic thing is actually meant as a bushing for larger holes???)For my wife's escape I couldn't reach the back side of the screw without take apart the hatch so I just put the screws in.Like others have said, this isn't \"bulletproof\" - but it will deter theft.  I could take out the old screws with my pocketknife so anyone walking by could steal the license plate in about 10 seconds time.  This will prevent that type of theft..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Nice to have something other than a standard flat or Phillips head screw if you have a nice plate frame or even a backup camera mounted over your plates. If your mounting screws go straight into your car rather than taking the lock nuts behind a bracket, these screws will most likely be too big to fit. I just drilled out the plastic pieces that were mounted to my car and then just threaded these in. Ended up with a nice tight fit. Add the little plastic caps for a nice clean look.Cruiser Accessories 82050 Screw Covers, Black"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I decided to try these out, and I'm glad I did! The black ones look really god in combination with the carbon fiber license plate frame I also got from Amazon -REAL 100% CARBON FIBER LICENSE PLATE FRAME TAG COVER FFSince most plates only use two screws, one set covers front and rear (If you are lucky enough to live where a front plate is required)The white ring mounts like a washer under your mounting screws, and the black cap just snaps over the top. Seems to hold well enough to not fall off, but they pull of easily if you have to get to your screws. Another reviewer mentioned that they trap water in and rusted his mounting hardware. That is good to know. I would suggest going with stainless steel mounting hardware just in case. (Which isn't a bad idea anyway)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have an auto alarm but the blinking led is in a place that is not noticeable to a potential thief. I put loop tape on the back and placed it on my dash and loaded it with 2 Amazon AAA batteries.  It has two flashing LEDs that alternated and really attracts attention.  Although it does have an on-off switch I left it on 24/7 for a Month and it's still going strong. Much longer than I expected.It is visible in the daytime so long as it's not 'directly' in the sun.Quite happy with this, good product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have no idea if this has ever prevented anybody from messing with my car, but it gives me a little extra peace of mind when I park my nice car in a not-so-friendly part of town. I debated on buying a real security system for my car, but the general consensus around my neighborhood is that a car alarm won't even turn a head and an overly sensitive alarm is likely to get your car vandalized from annoyed neighbors. This works great for my car because it hides nicely on the dash and with my window tint you cant see that it's a cheap stand-alone box. The lights however shine brightly enough to be seen through the tint even in the day. I've had the same batteries in it for over a year. I probably only use it a couple hours a month."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm a little disappointed in Hi-Lift Jack. Top is 2 piece and welded in the middle. Should have been one piece. They supplied a bolt rather than some sort of quick release pin to attach it. A bolt with a hand tightened nut will vibrate loose during transport. The hook on the bottom could have been a little deeper to grab onto other items other than round bumpers more securely. All in all a good add-on for your Hi-lift jack but it could have been designed a little better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A very simple concept but someone had to be the first to invent it. I suspect others will soon imitate this.Photos show lifting tires. No doubt it would work fine for that - especially with heavy, over size tires (as shown) or farm equipment tires. But it's good for so much more.A piece of steel under the corner of a small building, set hooks under the steel, and lift the building for re-leveling. Hook it under a mower deck of a riding mower to remove/sharpen blades.You trust your jack, now trust the accessories they provide so you can get the most from it. Be sure to get the base for the jack, better than carrying around a piece of 2x6 and no one will toss it on your camp fire, either."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You can use this bad boy as a base for your Wrangler's bottle jack - especially if your lift kit has put the axles a tad out of reach. If you have a Discovery, you will need to Dremel out small notch for the OEM bottle jack.  High Lift jacks are great accessories, but they're not all that safe for changing tires in the field when you think about it.  For that, a bottle jack with a good base and an axle lift point will get you going just fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used Mobil 1 on all my vehicle's for years and after buying a new to me, HD 2010 ultra Limited was pleased to see the they also made the V-twin moil 1 for it. I call them to ask what makes this a better product than the OEM oil that HD sell's and they explained that it is specially formulated to meet or exceed the requirement need with air cooled HD engineers as well as trans and primary case requirements. I believe that they manufacture a superior product and will be only running it on my bike."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm not a professional and I haven't spent a lot of time detailing my car, but I did some research and wanted to get the best feel and look for my car and tried this product. I've heard everyone talk about the clay and I really don't know the difference, but that may be simply that I am new to detailing my car. Anyway, it took the contaminants off my car and make it as smooth as glass. I can tell from using it that it was smoothing out the surface of the car in seconds! And it was fun! I took the time and did my car in less than an hour and it's look great ever since."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Claying your car is a very important step nowadays.  There is so much pollution in the air and it sits on the paint surface and often gets ground into the paint.  My car was brand new, but it sat on the car lot front line, next to a major Highway and major feeder street, so it had quite a bit of particles on it.  You could not see it, but you could feel it.  I used the clay kit by Meguiar's to remove all of the particles before I waxed my car.  The surface, after claying, was absolutely smooth and the wax went on easily."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When researching what to do to make my car paint smooth as glass, I found this clay kit.  Works wonders, especially on weathered finishes.  Test your paint surface for roughness (everyone's has some) by putting your hand in a plastic baggie and wipe it over your car paint.  If it feels rough, which it should, then Meguiar's Clay Detailer is the cure!  Using the spray as a lubricant, the clay is rubbed along the paint surface removing bonded contaminants which cannot be removed by washing alone (tar, etc.).  I love it!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very handy to toss in the trunk.  Using this will protect your ciggy lighter socket that could get overloaded.  Every car should have one. I use it for an air pump and a very powerful camp light.Note, most lighter plugs are limited to around 10 amps by fuse or circuit breaker in addition they have long run of small (higher resistance) wire to the jack which 'may' cause a voltage drop to your equipment.Short of 'hard wiring directly' this is the next best thing.This has none of that and of course it's the same as hooking directly to the battery so know what you are doing (sparks, load, polarity, fingers)...You might also want to pick up a heavy duty male to female ciggy plug extension cord..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to use with a Vivair air compressor that draws about 15A.  It will work off some accessory sockets, my bimmer works for instance, but not for very long without the engine running.  In my truck, the amp draw is high for the accessory socket and it is only active with the engine running.  This is a bit of a pain when you want to check and air up your tires.  So I clip this to the battery terminals and I am good to go.  The clips are not huge but work fine for me and the construction overall is fine.  It is nothing very fancy but it is well worth the modest price IMHO."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Given the reviews, I expected a good quality product, but this item exceeded my expectations.  This is not just some piece of junk that will get the job done, I expect it to last.  I ordered this to hook up to a 12v tractor battery to supply power to my electronics while camping.  I quickly hooked the clamps to my battery, plugged in my phones charger and it began to charge.  I plan on putting together a complete set-up with a solar charger and power inverter.  I am going to order a few more of these for other uses as they come up."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I sit in my deer blind from dark to dark and texting my buddies and playing games on the cell phone helps alleviate the bordom.  Bad thing is, the cell goes dead before dark.  I carted a 12 volt ar battery to my blind, hooked the Roadpro to it and now my cell battery never goes dead.  Plus, the car battery will keep you charged for a long long time.  I don't keep the phone plugged in, only when it starts going dead I charge it enough to get me by and then charge it at camp for the night."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I originally purchased this to use in conjunction with myEquus 3721 Battery and Charging System Monitorbecause I wanted to get an accurate reading of my car battery's voltage. Using that device plugged directly in the the lighter port was not accurate because my car's electrical system is all powered up along with the lighter port.I also use this adapter now when using my car vac (with engine running) as well. It can also be used with powerful air compressors that would normally blow the lighter fuse in your car as this enables you to plug those directly to the battery, bypassing the car's fuses."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Before Mothers California Gold, I was using Meguiar's Gold Class exclusively for my car wash.  I thought the Meguiar's was quite good. It had the best cleaning power and was the least harsh of the car washes that you could get at the auto parts store. After using Mothers, I think I will be switching car wash soaps. This soap actually made it easier for me to dry the car! As the label states, I was able to achieve a dry, spot-free car with fewer passes of the towel as compared to the Meguiar's, which took more passes.Make the switch. I know I will."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Are you kidding me...the bubblegum smell is awesome!When paired with warm water and a decent wash mitt, this product does seem to loosen up dirt and bugs and makes cleaning rather easy.I've been using this product for years and haven't had any complaints until I left my car inside my warehouse and used the acetylene torch to do some metal cutting. The fallout from the torch stuck to the car like glue and nothing has been able to take it off except for a product called Super Gloss Ultimate.Unfortunately, the Super Gloss Ultimate is extremely hard to find, but for those interested it can be purchased at iShoptogive.com. No, it's not a car wash soap, it's a wax."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have 19\" Aluminum wheels on my BMW.  I had the lip refinished a few years ago to fix some curb rash.  The refinisher didn't redo the clearcoat, so the wheels eventually got water stains on the refinished rim.  This stuff really worked well to clean it up.  It takes some elbow grease, but the results are remarkable.Beware, as it says on the package, if your rag doesn't turn black, the surface can't be polished.I didn't realize how small this 5oz package was though.  I used about a quarter of the tub doing four wheels."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased a bottle of Mothers Glass cleaner simply because I have used other Mothers products (waxes) and they seem to work very well. Also, this cleaner is safe for tinted windows because it does not contain ammonia.Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed with this glass cleaner as it streaked more than Windex and no matter what I tried, I could not remove the streaks at all!I did not notice any difference in the streakiness between non-tinted and tinted glass. Both were pretty bad.I ended up just throwing the bottle out and went back to using microfiber cloths and purified/distilled water."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Lately, there seems no difference between polishing compound/rubbing compound. The latter used to refer to very coarse material but this no longer seems true.I use this compound mostly on plastics and it can remove residual adhesive, scratches, etc... It can also be used to polish clear coat layer on metallic paint. Paint whatever with metallic paint first, then spray a few layers of clear paint (gloss). Wait a day or two to completely dry and lightly polish with this compound & soft cloth. You'd be happy with the result."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The tender works marginally well and after a few years the grounding prong pulled loose of the plug. I cut the unit's plug off and replaced it. This unit keeps the battery charged but I've noticed my voltmeter reads just over 13 volts every morning so it seems to me that this unit is keeping the battery barely charged instead of fully charged. I recently bought a Solar ProLogix 12 amp battery charger that seems much better built and keeps the battery more fully charged. If the ProLogix literature is to be believed, it is a much more sophisticated unit than the battery tender while the cost is just a few bucks more."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have one Battery Tender Plus and love it, No problems with it. Works Great on the quads and motorcycle, Also put it on my electric start generator. I make a habit of every month to swap it from one unit to the other for a couple of days.Till fully charged. All batteries keep at full charge. Also put it on my pick up and jeep when i don't drive them much.Also i charge the battery in the trailer. I guess i am to cheap to buy another. But this way i look at the batteries and check.The pick up and Jeep and trailer have big batteries and take a little longer to fully charge. Great unit.A must have and AMAZON has a great price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this Battery Tender to keep the battery in my summer car charged up in the off season.  Unfortunately this battery tender caused my battery to leak acid all over the trunk of my car causing corrosion and requiring an expensive repair.  I purchased this unit specifically because it's NOT supposed to overcharge a car battery.  What a mistake.  Don't buy this product - it doesn't work as advertised.  I reached out to the manufacturer via their website twice but they never responded to me.  Faulty product + no customer service = fail."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this to recharge my riding Lawn Mower battery. It has not been run during the winter as my grass is dormant. I tried to start it the other day and it just would not start. It sounded like the battery was getting weak. So I purchased this at a reasonable price and tried it. It charged the battery over night and now it starts just fine. Easy to use. You can leave it attached and after charging the battery, it will switch to the &#34;trickle&#34; mode, keeping the battery charge topped off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Time will tell, but this battery tender appears to be very well made. The unit is pretty compact and solidly built. I am not a fan of plastic in my garage. It typically indicates to me that the manufacturer is looking to cut costs and maximize profit vs. putting out the highest quality product that they can. This unit has a metal housing.Anyhow, this unit was super easy to set up on my motorcycle and lawnmower. With the leads already installed, I just have to plug it in. The conditioning mode of this tender will go a long ways in increasing the battery life as well.I would certainly recommend this unit!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A good handy item to have. I have used it on my motorcycle, lawn motor, 2 scooters and have tender leads on all of these items plus my farm tractor. I also brought a couple of tender leads with the battery clamps, one in my motorcycle and the other is with my farm tractor in case I have a dead battery all I have to do is hook those leads to jumper cable and battery tender leads, am ready to start whatever the jumper cables are hook up to. Make sure that the jumper cable negative and positive are not touching each other"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Add me to the list of failures...after 11 months. I do not know why I ignored over 30 one star reviews. I thought with all of the positives, they must be flukes. Well mine just fried, nasty burnt electronics smell, no lights, no output. It did not hurt the car it was attached to and I discovered it very soon after failure. It is not worth the hassle indicated by others to file a warranty claim. I ordered an Xtreme hoping for longer life and good performance. Anybody reading this review, beware! The failure rate on these Deltrans is too high."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had my battery tender plus for just over 2 years and it worked great for those 2 years maintaining the battery in an antique car. Recently I put it on the battery on my daily driver and the charge light didn't come on. Testing on several other batteries seems its lost its status lights and all its regulation and just puts out a constant 15 volts now cooking whatever battery I hook it up to. Their tech support was rude and unknowledgeable. Of course their warranty is a joke since it will cost 50% of its value just to make use of their warranty. I considered buying another but with so many other choices now on the market I can't rationalize the battery tenders high price. I replaced it with a Vector for the same price which has twice the features."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2000 Mustang GT convertible that I keep garaged and drive on nice,sunny days. I had been using a cheap trickle charger from Harbor Freight. Recently I discovered the battery had died so I decided it was time for a &#34;real&#34; charger. The reviews were great so I decided to give it a try. It is a small but powerful unit. It took  my battery from stone dead  to a full charge within 24 hours and it automatically maintains a full charge. It uses LED lights to let you know the status of your battery. I wish it had a gauge instead of the lights but I still would highly recommend this to friends and family."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Let me tell you, backing up a 35 foot camper is a pain when you only have the stock mirrors!!!! These made all those troubles disappear and might have saved my marriage too. My wife can't seem to get the hang guiding me back. There was usually lots of yelling and cussing involved!!! Anyway these mirrors work great and are very easy to take on and off. I've had them on at 85 mph and they didn't even budge. And no the camper wasn't hooked up at the time!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Aside from the fact that it kinda reminds me of bubble gum when I put it in the tank (I have no idea why it smells like that to me), this product does what it needs to do - keeps the odor of our waste tank to a minimum. We combine these with Walex BIO-11530 Bio-Pak Natural Holding Tank Deodorizer and Waste Digester to manage the odor with these, and digest the waste products with the other. Combined they allow you to empty your tank less often and take longer off-grid trips without being revolted when you get back to a dumping station."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Ok, finally have actually used this in the travel trailer.  It was a 3 day 3 night trip.  When time to empty the waste water, the smell was not nearly as bad as we were expecting(from watching youtube videos), and these porta- pak packets is why.  My sister uses a fluid deodorizer that breaks down waste and I use these.  She has tote that gallon sized thing each trip, mix it up with the correct water etc....  All you do with these is 'drop it in'.  No it doesn't add a citrus smell or cutesy smell, it just simply does what it's supposed to do.  As easy as the dishwasher gel packs....really like this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this tool to winterize our travel trailer.  Simply screw it on to your water hook-up, and then attach your standard air adaptor to your compressor hose - and presto - you're in business.The tip is flexible, but secure.  That is, after connecting your air hose to this plug, you can tip the hose in any of 360-degress, and it will flex.  This is great, because in colder weather a more rigid adaptor might break.I would recommend this plug for anyone that wants to winterize their RV, and I would purchase it again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this version over the plastic version because you can connect any type of air compressor to it. The adapter is the same kind as used in car and bicycle tires.I used it last weekend to clear the water lines of my travel trailer and it worked as advertized.I initially was going to just use a bicycle pump to push the water out, but I managed to borrow an air compressor at the last minute. I blew the lines for about 30 minutes and then pumped in some RV antifreeze as recommended by my trailer manufacturer.Even though you'll only use this adapter once a year, I would recommend this over the plastic version because it should last a lifetime."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is our second Camco Fridge Airator.  The old one lasted for 7 years.  They are efficient and work well at keeping the temperature even throughout the fridge.  Rated it a three since this unit does not stay closed very well once the batteries are mounted inside.  They provide some outward pressure on the closure mechanism (pressure needed to provide battery contact).  Like the old unit, it uses plastic tabs to hold it closed.  Looks identical to the old unit (and it stayed closed), so maybe just a problem with this particular unit's tabs?  Not a deal breaker, as I put an elastic band around it to make sure it stays closed while were driving down the road."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Trivia:  You can't have a sewer hose on the ground in Oregon.  It must be elevated!Betcha didn't know that, but what the heck!  It's always nice to have your \"stuff\" run downhill into the dump station instead of just sitting there in the hose!  Some people (Joe Flatlanders) carry a rain gutter to accomplish the same thing, but is a rain gutter collapsible into a nice little package with a handle?Word to the wise:  NEVER leave you black tank gate valve open!  It's ok to leave your gray tank open but NEVER leave your blank tank valve open!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I wasn't sure what type of water filtration to get but decided on this one for the brand, reviews, design and cost.  It connects easily and securely.  I believe it helps, but honestly I haven't done a &#34;taste test&#34; of a campground's water with and without the filter (maybe I should...?).  I also use this to tank up our onboard water storage when I am using it.  NOTE:  You will want to run water through the filter for several minutes before hooking it up to clear out the carbon dust.  It looks disconcerting to see blackish water coming out of the filter until you realize that it is simply from the unused carbon.  Although I've only had this a week, I've used it while camping already.  You can order this with confidence!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "i use this in addition to my built-in RV water filter.  we used it to fill our freshwater tank at home so that we had familiar and clean water at the RV park.  couldn't tell the difference between &#34;RV&#34; water and drinking from home faucet.  CAUTION: be sure to rinse out the carbon before using it--squirt water through the filter and you'll see lots of carbon residue... continue until the water is clear (only a few seconds) and then you're good to go."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Have used this filter for almost a year now and will be replacing it in the next few weeks. Really don't know how you can tell if it is used up or not, but we're just going to replace it every year until we find out something different. Having said that we can attest that there have not been any illness's, bad tastes or smells from our water when we've been hooked up to a park's water supply. Have been in RV Resorts to overnight spaces and so far everything has been fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this in my KZ Spree 19' travel trailer to winterize the plumbing myself.The instructions are clear, the fittings are correct and fit well with no leaks.It took me no more than 15 minutes to install this kit, which is then left in place for next year saving even more time and money, and flush the plumbing with three gallons of anti-freeze.Without this kit, it would have cost twice as much to assemble my own set-up at home-depot, and taken twice as long. This is reasonably priced, shipped quickly, and is a much better alternative then filling your freshwater supply with many more gallons of coolant.Bottom line. It works well, doesn't leak, and saves time and money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Compared to other vent covers n the market this one's the thickest one we've ever bought. With time all plastics succumb to the destructive nature of UV radiation. The roof-top of an RV is subjected to unrelenting sun and we've had several vent covers crumble and blow away  in a strong wind storms leaving the trailer interior below subject to moisture.Polycarbonate is another of many plastic compounds, and also subject to UV damage but the thickness of these covers indicates that they will likely last far longer than past covers.Diminished light transmission - The thickness of these covers does limit the opacity/light transmission of these covers relative to thinner white covers so be prepared for that.Fit in a standard RV/Trailer rooftop vent was good."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After looking online at &#34;ready-made&#34; emergency auto kits, I made up emergency bags of my own for my kids' trunks, just in case the MN roads got the best of them.  The pre-made kits were either too expensive and filled with the cheapest junk, or they just didn't have an intelligent assortment of things I know people need (from experience).  Many of those kits were labeled by AAA.  So, strangely when I went looking for a first aid kit with something more than band-aids and rubber gloves (who really needs those, anyway?), I found this, complete with gauze and tape and stuff you need in the real-world if you get stuck, stranded, or hurt.  I wanted to go a little bigger with other things like peroxide and cold compress, but it was cheaper to buy those separately and just go with this kit."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I only had a set of small metal chocks that came with the floor jack I have so I went with a chock with a little more size. I bought these and am very happy with them. A nice bright red/orange color for visibility, comes with a small rope loop to hang on the wall or pull out from tire placement and sturdy construction. It has rows of ridges to hold against the tire and on the bottom to prevent slipping. I'm sure the bottom ridges will work on soft surfaces but I'll have to wait until I use them to see if they slip or not on concrete / hard surfaces. I recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this wheel chock to prevent my truck from slipping down an icy roadway during freezing weather at my mountain cabin.  I have to park on the road above my cabin during inclement weather because my driveway is too iced up to drive on.  This roadway has an incline and in the past,  my truck slid backwards on the ice after putting the truck in park and setting the parking brake.  I put this wheel chock behind the rear tire and it keeps my truck from sliding on the ice.  The nice thing about the strap on the wheel is the wheel chock usually freezes to the road during the night and I can pull it loose when I need to remove the chock.This chock is expensive, but worth the extra expense and I am going to order another one so both wheels are chocked"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are good. Not necessarily better than other wheel chock. Honestly a wheel chock is a wheel chock. However, the cord makes all the difference. When you kick these up under the tires and then jack a car the chocks wedge up under there really tight. When the car comes down the chocks need some help to come out. Yank the cord and you're done. I also like having a bright color chock so I don't forget they are there. Don't buy black ones. They'll blend in with the tires you're likely to forget. These are very noticeable. The chock itself is on par with others, but the features (cord and color) are what make it stand out."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I always have about 3 packs of JB weld different places in my house because i have found it can be a very good problem fixer. Be sure to use it in applications where your safety will not be compromised. I have recently used it to fix my MTD lawn mower blade adapter. The adapter has a little notch a 1/4\" thick that keeps the adapter and blade spinning on the engines crankshaft. after several years of use the notch sheared off, i used JB weld to put it back on with a small amount on the sheared part and a small long bead lengthwise on the sides. The mower is now back in action and saved me from buying a new adapter."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love JB Weld and use it probably once a month.  Some recent projects where I've used JB Weld is to repair a set of my wife's ear rings, my daughter's music box with little ballerina dancers (one of which broke off), and my son's toy motorcycle.  The most money saving repair I've done with this is to adhere the plastic anti-lock break sensor into the middle of the hub of the back wheel on my 2003 Toyota Sienna--I would have needed to replace the entire hub and that would have cost $300+ probably just for parts!  It needed to be able to take extreme temperatures and JB Weld did the trick.To apply, I use a scrap piece of cardboard to mix it on, I split off a piece of shim (or a popsicle stick would work too) to use as a stir stick and applicator, and fix away."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This does not fit my wheels. It needs a hose to fit more stem configurations. The 100 is identical, except for the 0-60 it is 0-100, but states it has a 11\" hose but it doesn't. I recommend a type with a hose for versatility. The 100 is nice but the 60 is fine for most applications. If you have a bike that needs over 60 than look for a 100. This is not for all applications. Also be careful not to drop this or you throw it away."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So I bought this to replace my 20 year old, kicked around, same version of this gauge.  I had suspected my old one was not reading properly.  So I got this new one.  I am happy to report that the 20 year old one reads exactly the same as this new one.  So now I have a spare to keep in my other car.  The only thing I don't like about this model vs the old one is my old one had a little release valve. So it holds the needle where the pressure reading was till you press the release.  Very handy.  And it was my fault for not noticing it wasn't there on this new version.  Overall, I couldn't be happier with this product.  If you have a car, and have tires, and want them to last, having the correct tire pressure matters."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this unit is easy to use, read and durable. I had one for 20 years before it finally gave out (dropped once too many times). I bought a digital unit - wont work or quirky if it's too hot, too cold, raining, icy, snowy, and many times not easy to read. There's a reason that all of us have ANALOG clocks in our kitchen - our brain processes an analog dial far faster and more intuitively than a digital readout.Get this - you know you need one. Put in glove box and use once a month."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I found a link testing different Cold Air Intakes (CAI) for this model truck (2003-2007.5) done from blackbear performance.  The tube alone produced 5~HP along with most others. I don't think I will post the link but googling it up for a 2004 silverado CAI dyno tested should get you what you want. Best bang for your buck. Removes a lot of extra tubing that doesn't need to be their. When installing, put the metal clamp things on first, then the rubber tube. Fit the rubber tube over the fittings (Air box or the Intake itself) then put the metal clamps over the rubber tubes that connect the Intake tube to the rest of the motor/air box. This is the easiest way to install it since the holes that this tube has to go over distort it enough to make installing with the metal clamps on impossible. After I figured this out, it only took me ten minutes after fighting with it for fifteen. Good luck and happy Hunting! :)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was a little skeptical of this product at first, but now I love it. I had bought a chemical Guys spray detailer and hated it and returned it due to streaking. Then I ordered this stuff because I wanted a better product and I trust Meguiar's. I was immediately impressed right out of the jug. This cleans very well and does not streak at all. It is priced right for sure, I would probably pay $30 for the gallon. Pick up a spray bottle and you're in business for a while with this detailer. You can use it on windows and basically every surface of your car. It takes me 10 minutes to clean my whole car now, amazing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always had great experiences with Meguiar's products. This stuff works great and I used it on a Black car. A black car is very hard to keep the paint looking show room. I've used Detailing spray from local auto stores and they got nothing on this Meguiar's product. This stuff does not leave any smears but only if you use it under the sun it does and its very easy to wipe clean. This stuff removed deep water stains with ease that my car had, just use it under shade and cool car and you'll get a show room quality car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love this stuff.  I have been using it for years.  I purchased a new car and applied this polymer coating in a few hours.  It is easy to hand buff off, and leaves a deep, slippery shine on the car.  You MUST follow the directions for putting it on, including making sure the paint is in good shape and that the temperature is under 85, AND put it on out of the sunlight.  Also, the directions tell you to let the polymer cure/bind to your paint/clear coat for 12 hours.  This is very important for a good, long lasting shine.  The product fluff says the polymer coating lasts six months.  But, 4 months is about the limit in the Arizona sun."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had my paint cleaned with a clay bar and a machine polish.Proper prep is important on a used car. Goes on easily, used very littlefor a thin film. Hand wipes off easily. You must give it 12 hours to curebefore using your car. If you park it in a garage and don't use commercialcar washes, you'll get up to 6 months of protection, especially if you doa second coat. Very slippery finish and looks almost as good as carnubawax which only lasts 4-6 weeks. great labor and paint saver. I also usedit on my windshield and other exterior glass. I thinks it's much easier towork with than Rain X and does a similar job. My 2004 Lexus RX330 looksgreat and cleans easily as nothing sticks to Rejex."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Love bugs in Florida, along with the other flying critters around are a real test for a product like this. Heck, you can saddle up and ride some of the insects that hit the windshield and front paint on your car, motorcycle, and motorhome!  Use this product and they all wash of with vertually no effort.  Works on the windshield glass without effecting wipers.  Cycle windshields become rain dispersing and clear as can be. Te front of my Camper looks like new.Use is after your clean the vehicle completely, do not use wax over it, and enjoy the results!  Oh, don't sit on your car hood after using this product, YOU WILL SLIDE RIGHT OFF!!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These work as advertised but don't do anything particularly special.  Best part is just tossing them out when you're done.  No lint, unlike paper towels, so it works great to leave your interior surfaces clean without residual lint that can look really bad or embarrassing.  This product just cleans without any oil or gloss left over so that's great too as I dislike having greasy finishes that can reflect badly in the sun.  Need to make sure you keep these stored indoors out of the sun else they could dry up on you.I would suggest buying these when they're discounted such as subscribe and save @ 20% to maximize your savings."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought a used RV.  It was our first.  Got it home and was doing some cleaning and general maintenance on it when I found the anode rod out of the hot water heater.  Now I have never had to deal with this before so I think that the junk on there needs to come off so I put it in a bucket with vinegar.  My buddy who has been RVing for a few years starts to laugh at me.  I had cleaned it down to the little copper wire in the middle.  He said it should be large looking.  So I get on Amazon and look it up and sure enough here it is.  Live and learn.Bottom line:It fits our RV hot water heater and was a great price.  Check them about once a year and flush out your tank when you change it.  It keeps the tank from rusting."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Going from a diesel pusher back to a 5th wheel I was already getting grief as to how much more movement of the RV would be felt over that of the diesel pusher while raised up on the leveling system.Not being new to the 5th wheel movement and shaking when parked and people moving around inside I ordered this as I have used one in the past.  While a 5th wheel king pin stabilizer will not eliminate all of the movement it does greatly reduce the movement.It is easy to assemble, easy to use though a little on the heavy side.  But, then with weight comes strength I guess.  I have tried it out and am pleased with the improvements it has given.Amazon had the best price I could locate after an extensive internet shopping for price including shipping.  And of course there is that great customer service and return policy Amazon offers should you experience a problem.Over all I give it two thumbs up for performance and value."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Armor-All is a miracle worker for tired, dried, old upholstery. It cleans, seals, protects, covers scratches, and makes leather and vinyl look new again. I've been using it since the early 1980s, and highly recommend it.  I use it on the seats, dash, inner doors, and even on the tire sidewalls.  I've also used it on leather and vinyl purses, an office chair, and leather book covers.Just spray, let it soak in, then wipe it off well.  If you buff it, it doesn't leave an oily residue or any odor.  Don't use it on any place that would be a slipping hazard, like floors, because it does leave a slippery finish.Try Armor-All and you'll be amazed at how great your car seats can look!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this to do some 2-pack paint touch up on my car - that paint will do nasty things to your lungs without a respirator!Does the job, but gets somewhat sweaty where the rubber seals fit around your face.  However that's necessary to ensure a good seal.  And it does seal good!Another reviewer mentioned you can't easily wear glasses with these. I had no problem as long as I had my glasses on when putting on the respirator with its behind the neck and over the top of the head elastic strapsPrice is acceptable, even for a disposable unit and I'll be after another one next time I have some hazardous materials to handle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was looking for a Respirator to use while degreasing firearms with Brakekleen and messing around with &#34;odorless&#34; mineral spirits.Plus I have a pretty big Brain, so my brain protector is large compared to normals.  Couldn't find a size Large at any of the home improvements stores and this is only 20 bucks shipped.Great protection, did not smell any fumes at all during cleaning.  Only once I removed this respirator and was headed inside did I realize how bad those fumes could have been to me.  Awesome mask at an awesome price.Love 3M products."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this to upgrade the horn on my Miata. Louder than stock with a nice tone. The install wasn't bad; you do not need a relay. I've also used a Nautilus compact air horn. The tone of the Nautilus is much nicer, much higher, which I like. The volume is similar between the two. The one thing I don't like about the Nautilus is it needs routine maintenance. Over time, you need to spray WD-40 into the horn opening of Nautilus to keep it working. This restores its performance. The Piaa, being an electric horn, is not affected by extreme cold like the Nautilus, nor does it require maintenance. It is a nice upgrade, but if I had to purchase again, I would choose the Nautilus."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got it for over a year period of time but never got a chance to use it till 2 weeks ago...The engine check light turned on in my VW. Plugged in this code reader and got one OBII Error code. Googled the OBII Error code and found that was something to do with bad catalyst conveter. Checked my manufacturer warranty policy and found that the emission (catalyst converter) warranty would be expired in 2 weeks!! Rushed the car into VW dealer. VW dealer confirmed the catalyst converter was bad and I got free fix and replacement for the catalyst converter.Really happy that this small OBII code reader helped me to understand the source of the problem. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This Actron CP9125 is an invaluable tool in that it allows you to clear the CEL (check engine light) without having to disconnect the battery and risk possibly causing another problem.  If, for example, your gas cap is left loose and the CEL comes on, you can immediately reset the CEL rather than panic and go to the stealership.  But most people don't realize the OBD-II (on-board diagnostics) will actually self reset after a number of cycles, but few people understand the testing cycle process."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I received one of these years ago as a gift to clean the spokes on my bike.  It worked great and lasted over a decade.  I also used it on the wheels of my cars.  It really makes quick work of the dirt you can't reach or would spend a lot of time trying to get to.  I just replaced that old one and the new one is identical; very good quality.  Be aware that the core of the brush is a heavy twisted wire that terminates in a loop at the very end of the brush.  Be careful that you don't scratch your wheels with this exposed wire loop.  I personally never had a problem with it but am careful, being aware of the potential for scratches.  If I was designing this I would have coated the end of the wire in rubber. (thus the 4-stars)  I definitely recommend this to those who really like their vehicles clean."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Used this on A  Brute force 750.  Extended the rear hitch out past the back bsket.  No need to crawl under and past the basket to get the hitch.  iIt is solid thru and thru.  It is not a hollow tube.  But a solid piece of piece of steel with the holes drilled in it, where the hitch mets the extender.  I have used this extender on my F250 and Dodge aslo to haul a 7000 lb. piece of equipment.  No problems whatsoever with it. Built tuff and made to take on a ram.  You won't be disappointed if you buy this and need the extra length of extension for your hitch on any vehicle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Tore the bumper on my RV. I do not blame this thing for the problem, the bumper just could not handle the force of two bikes and a bike rack ( total weight about 80 lbs ) running down a bumpy road. It started to tear a hole near the weld to the frame of the trailer. Did not notice it for a few days until I could see the bike rack sagging. Don't get me wrong, this thing is built VERY solidly ( and mounts perfectly to a 4&#34; square bumper ). I am really writing this to warn others thinking of using this as I did. You really need someone to weld something to the bumper to make it stronger ( or replace the bumper with a stronger one ) before using this, or maybe use a very light bike rack with a very light bike."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using Invisible Glass for several years. While shopping at the local auto parts store I asked the clerk for his recommendation for a good auto glass cleaner. One that cleans well, but doesn't leave streaks. He walked me back and handed me  this. He said it's a little more expensive, but it works wonders. Since then we use nothing else, even in the home. And since they have the cleaner with the built in water repellent we use it on any exterior glass. Just follow the simple directions and ta taaaa, sparkling clean glass and with the exterior not only does the water just shed right off, but they seem to stay cleaner  longer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yup.  Passed the 200k mark 2 weeks ago and its still running smooth as silk thanks to Royal Purple.  If you are trying to justify the cost, you can go easily go 5,000 miles between oil changes and the old oil is still almost as pretty as new.  Compare that to the house oil from your local parts store.  RP wins hands-down.  Right away my engine ran a lot smoother and is still doing so through the heat of summer.  Think about how much less wear and tear will be going on in your engine with it running smoother.  Try it.  You'll never go back to another brand again. I really should be getting paid for spreading my love of Royal Purple."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After having consistent problems with shops who say that they have done the work, only to find that my diff has not been serviced, I do my own work now.  It's not difficult on my vehicle, and I know it's being done right.  I've read up on different lubricants, and Royal Purple gets consistently high marks.I did a service recently and when I drained my diff after 15,000 miles, the Royal Purple looked like it did going in.  No breakdown, despite some pretty good use."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you got the Mother's Powerball then this is the product to use.  I'm no expert in detailing but i got my Car as proof and finish product for this very nice Wax.  It's very shiny and very glossy.  It's even better when i first take my car out from the dealership.  I just hope this wax last longer than Carnauba.  I would highly recommend this product if you havent tried it yet.  Just make sure you dont wax the black sides of the car and if you do, wipe it so it wont leave a white residue."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After reading the reviews, I decided to give this a shot.  It's easy to apply and remove and smells a lot better than the Carnauba wax by mother, but it did not provide the same glossy \"wet\" look.  I prefer the Ca Gold Carnauba wax over this one.I have about 4 bottles of Wax and I always seem to go back to the Carnauba wax.  The other 3 are just collecting dust.Read my reviews and see pics of my review below.Mothers 05750 California Gold Pure Brazilian Carnauba Wax Liquid - 16 oz (Ultimate Wax System, Step 3)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this to clean an expensive set of whitewall tires before selling a classic car at auction and it was a big mistake! I bought this because I wanted to use something safe to clean the whitewalls. It did OK on the white area, as in it didn't ruin it. The black part of the tires ended up discolored with streaks. It looked horrible! The tires looked better before I used it!409 and Simple Green do a better of cleaning than this product.I will never trust this brand for any product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this wheel cleaner this past weekend on my stock painted alloy wheels. They had become dirty with brake dust and road grime and the drive through car wash was no help. With the nice weather I treated the car to a personal car wash. I followed the instructions and the wheels are clean. The only problem is you need to use a lot of the foaming spray to cover the wheels various surfaces. On my car one 24 oz. bottle should cclean the four wheels twice. Since this is the first wheel cleaner of this type I'm not sure if that expensive. However, I'm very please with the easy no touch results."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one of my fav's, the others being the eagle1's wheel n tire cleaner. Though Nothing beats the use of a brush and elbow grease, this really helps with the calipers, spaces my brush can't reach, and especially the tires before i clean them. DO NOT expect this to wash your wheels for you, you still need to get down and scrub, this just helps alot. Though it runs out quick, it is inexpensive.Pros: Works, you'll see the brown grime coming off the tires and the black dust from the wheels.Smells like cherry (some will put that in the Cons)great for nooks and cranniesSafe for almost all wheelsOne of my fav solutions to cleaning tirewalls (clean shiny tires DO make a difference)Cons: Runs out QUICK, you'll be getting another bottle before you know ittrigger a bit small, tires the fingers rather fast"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I am writing this review after three years of ownership:This is the best digital tire gauge I have ever come across.  This Accutire model came highly recommended from reviewers and that is why I eventually bought it.  It features an easy to read red digital readout that gives accurate 0.5lb increments and the readings take less than a second to register.  The tire valve/gauge seal is great, the rubberized handle easy to grip (even with gloves) and the size fits nicely in a glove compartment.  After three years of nearly monthly readings on all my family's cars, I'm yet to replace the batteries.  This is the third digital gauge I've owned; the first one was worthless trash and the second was ok but not particularly well made or durable.  The third time was a charm with this rugged Accutire model.  I highly recommend this gauge for anyone who checks tires regularly, and it is a good idea to check them regularly for safety, tread wear and gas mileage purposes."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My old Accutire pressure gauge finally died on me after about 6 years.  I was so happy with it I decided to go with another Accutire gauge.  This one has a nice backlit LCD which you can read in the dark (the old one didn't) and has an improved design.  The contour of the unit is such that you can press your thumb on the back to put pressure on the valve seat.  This allows for an even, secure seal when checking pressure.  I notice that I lose much less air when I check with this gauge than I did my older one.The unit measures in 1/2lb increments and seems to be accurate so far.  Can't be beat for the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Didn't notice the backlit feature when buying it so that was an unexpected bonus, and a very useful one at that.  This gauge pushes onto the stem very easy and securely feeling. It's very easy to read. I compared it to an old digital gauge I still use, my long-time favorite because it's so easy and reliable, and this one had exactly the same results.  The only slight inconvenience is that the reading doesn't lock on so that could pull it off of the stem to see, you must read while it's still on.  And then due to the shape you have to be a little on the one side to read it.  Really minor inconveniences, it's still very easy to use and seems to be very accurate and consistent.  Will probably pick up one or two more for other cars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this tire gauge becuase I wanted a digital display gauge that provides1 psi resolution. While the Accutire MS-4021B generally does the job, there are twoannoying features that should be changed :1. Batteries cannot be replaced by the user2. On some valve stems, the Accutire MS-4021B does not make a seal to get an accurate readingRef. #1 : you have to send the gage in to the manufacturer who will replace the batteries free of charge. However, their turnaround time is more than two weeks, and I had to call their service department both times I had batteries replaced to get a replacement tire gauge.Furthermore, the batteries do not last more than a year or so, but I use tha gauge on a weekly basis for all my vehiclesRef. #2 : this appears to be due to the chuck design, i.e. the contact pin does notprotrude far enough to allow a positive seal on some valve stemsI am still searching for a digital tire gauge that allows the user to replace the batteries"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love this tire gauge. It's cheap, accurate and easy to use. The angle of the gauge is perfect for easily pushing it onto the valve stem and it has a nice little area to put your thumb on to apply pressure.One thing I will note is that you have to hold the gauge on the stem for a couple seconds before it will register a reading. This was not something I was used to and kept popping it off too early only to get a zero reading. At first I thought it was defective until I finally decided to read the directions (I know, but seriously, for a tire gauge?). So yeah, read the directions first :) I try never to be one of those reviewers that hastily returns and gives a 1-star review to a product when it's not the product that is defective, it's the reviewer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Well, it works. Look, I expect a product to be user friendly...this one is awkward to put on the valve and then read. It does not always give you a good readout the first try. I will have to check the valve two or three times to get a proper read. By time you do four tires your knees are shot. The digital read out is not very bright either. All and all I am looking for a better gauge. Lots of folks liked it though, that is way I tryed it, so its up to you.Of course, if your are young enough, and have good eyes and knees this is probably just right for you. Good luck."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "At only $7.99, and based upon primarily positive reviews, I ordered one of these.  Arrived in sealed package, and I have tested on a couple of tires.  It works great!!!!  The ones I used for years were digital, (monkey grip brand) and the display \"lit up\", but not nearly as bright or noticable as this display - which illmuninates in bright red numbers.... very easy to see / read in low light.  Additioanlly, very comfortable to hold in your hand.  I had no problems getting it to seal over tire stem. (mine did not have a protective cover with sample numbers over display.)  I am satisfied, and ordered two more today to put inside a couple of towing vehicles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The last digital tire gauge I bought was programmable, but was really hard to use. This one doesn't have any special functionality. It just gives you a good reading and is easy to use. It does feel a bit flimsy though. The more expensive ones feel heavier and will probably last longer but if you just want to know your current tire pressure this is the best digital one I've found. I bought three and put them in my wife and daughter's cars and now they regularly check their pressure as well. With gas prices as high as they've been keeping the correct tire pressure is a no brainer..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I tried Chevron Techron as people recommended here: meaning filled up it twice and also filled out my engine with Tufoil Engine Treatment and my mpg didn't improve at all.I drive 09 Accord EX-L V6 and constantly getting around 20mpg on 91/93 octane fuel driving from Brooklyn to Long Island on Belt  & Cross Island Parkways. Mileage is horrible because there is never a steady speed and often traffics, but even when there is no traffic - still horrible 20mpg. I do write this review after 3 full tanks that were filled after 2 Chevron Techrons."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a GMC pickup and a Suzuki wagon. The Suzuki had a gas gauge that registered all over the place. The situation was driving me crazy. I was just about to take her in for gauge repair. I learned about the product from a fellow Suzuki owner. They had the same problem. I used the additive in two tanks of gas and behold the gauge works again. That and the fact the common rail injected 2 liter motor runs much smoother now and has a noticable power increase has made me smile. As far as better gas milage, maybe a little but not significant, but, a one mile per gallon or a two mile per gallon increase is welcome when gas is at $4 dollars a gallon. My GMC pickup has not shown any increase in miles per gallon. The additive has smoothed out that Vortec motor well. I am a regular now. When the vehicles get an oil change at 7000 miles I run a bottle of additive through them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it has BENZINE in it,  (and white gas as  filler)  benzine is the most powerful solvent that you can use in any injector.  A Hard fact.sure it will clean anything just about.  but do not breath it , it is a known, carcinogen.be happy it's not illegal.the cleaners that are just pale oil, are useless, and only help to poison the 02 sensors.read the MSDS, and be aware of what you bought.do not put oil in the fuel tank,  why do that. ?"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great product. I use it once per year to clean my fuel system on a 1990 Camry. Still have the original fuel injectors. Do NOT use too much. Follow the directions on the bottle. If you use too much, it will deteriorate plastic and rubber parts in the fuel line. It will also make your car run rough. When I first used this years ago, i made that mistake and called Chevron. The technician at Chevron stated emphatically that you should NOT use more than is recommended on the bottle. In this case,. more is NOT better. When used as directed, it will keep your fuel system clean and your car running great. You can reach Chevron Technical support at 1.800.582.3835"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are plenty of spray waxes on the market.  I've used Mothers, Meguiars,  TW, Duragloss, and quite a few others.  There is nothing that comes close to the durability of Optimum.  It actually outlasts regular paste waxes.Pros:-Awesome durability for a spray wax-Real wax looks, great depth and warm glow-Super easy to use-Smells great-A little goes a LONG way, use sparinglyCons:-streaks when used on a hot car, though this really isn't a con, its more of a DUH.-streaks if you use too much, again, is that really a con?This is a huge value, while it appears it is more expensive than a regular spray wax, it goes twice as far easily, and I bet most people are used to using way more, and thus get streaking.  I'd estimate I get twenty, yes 2-0 cars per bottle.  Great stuff, my favorite spray wax for dark colors."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I also have a dark colored car that I used this on and did have some streaking. By re-applying another coat (being careful not to put too much on) corrected the problem as suggested by other reviewers. While the car really shines (I used a clay bar and detailer beforehand), the finish this product leaves is not slippery as regular waxes. This really isn't a problem, just don't expect a slick surface when you are done. I think the more I use it, the more I will like it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love these in both sizes.  The small one fits saucers or bowls.  The larger one fits 9 inch paper plates.  So I got the for the travel trailer, liked them so much got 3 more for the house.  Installed under my kitchen cabinets.  Spray painted them, with Rustoleum for plastic.  They blend right in.  So convenient,kids of 8ish age can reach them, saves on washing dishes, and Amazon has some great buys on paper products when buy in bulk!  What more could you ask?I saw some comments on how easily they move and plates might fall...so I took a piece of tape, taped a small bit to itself for a handle, and taped it so it can't move til I want it to. Not because it did move, because others said it does.  Might not need that tape..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First, as with all of the Dupli-Color Metalcast paints, if you want the metalcast effect, you'll have to use the Dupli-Color Metalcast Ground Coat (MC100) on the surface before you apply the color or it will not come out right. The can says that it also comes out the same if you're painting directly onto chrome like surface but I have not tried this so I don't know. Now for this green. I'm more of a blue and purple guy for dark colors so only by my personal preference do I say that this green comes out just a tad light in color for me. Overall though, if you use the ground coat this comes out great with a nice metal sheen. I recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this little charger solely for one purpose. My Corvette sits in the garage and is mostly taken to shows rather than being an everyday car. The Corvette has an issue that sometimes causes a battery discharge especially if left sitting for quite some time. I checked with the car dealer and we found an identical issue with a brand new one sitting on the display floor. Sometimes it is no more than a light or switch left on. In any event this little charger will maintain my battery so that when I do try to start the Corvette I have full battery power. It is not for charging  a dead battery. It has worked well fro me and the price is right. Cord are long enough to reach from my electrical outlet to the fuse box on the Corvette where the connection is made. Great little addition to my garage."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There is absolutely nothing to set on this charger. You connect it and you wait for it to charge a battery.  It is one of the few that I have seen that will automatically detect 6 and 12 volt batteries and I have about a dozen different kinds of chargers.  It also detects reverse polarity and the little lights are easy to see and interpret.  The clips it comes with are better than the usual kind being shaped for more effective gripping of terminals and larger.The product literature claims it has tempreature compensation and desulphation, but I have not verified either by actual tests."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great little unit... I actually own 4 of them.  I use them to maintain the batteries on my two motorcycles, the lawn tractor and my Porsche over the winter.  They are connect and forget, which is great.  Since they employ \"float charging\" there's no danger of overcharging a battery which can happen if you leave a regular battery charger connected too long.  I wouldn't recommend one of these to bring a fully discharged battery back to life since the charging output is so low, I'd use a regular battery charger instead.  But these units are great for their designed purpose and that is to \"maintain\" a battery during periods of inactivity.  I've had no problems with any of my 4 units.  By-the-way, you can also use the Deltran cables with this Schumacher unit.  Deltran also makes battery tenders and their extension and various connection cables are easier to find."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use it for my Motor scooter, it has a very small 12 volt battery. The small rings in the box fit perfectly (I left them mounted to the battery in the scoot). The quick disconnect is a really nice feature. I ran the battery down once (left the black cable off after maintenance and forgot to connect the schumacher, my bad...). The small scooter batteries are notorious for not holding a charge. When I reattached the cable, I reattached the unit and it recharged it in a few hours. It then kept it charged till the spring. I'm very happy with this unit."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had it for a week, does what it says it does, but make absolutely sure the clips don't touch anything when it's attached. Positive alligator clip got close to inner hood liner and burned. Flamed up. Burnt the red plastic boot off and if i didn't blow the liner out (I freaked!), my vehicle would have gone poof! Pilot error? Bad design? Who knows.Edit: Just called Schumacher and they're replacing it, no problem. Upping my rating from a ** to ***. Thanks Schumacher."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So far this battery charger is working very well have the unit about 6 months for a battery for a riding mower. I have been buying a battery every year so I thought I would try one of these units to see if it would make the battery last longer. I always took the battery out of the mower in the winter and placed it in the basement and had to charge it in the spring, but it's seamed that the battery would not last all year or the season anyway. I will find out this spring if it does work."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've bought two of these through Amazon and I may buy another.  I use them on my lawn tractor and standby generator battery for winter maintenance, and on one of our cars that doesn't get driven very often.  At the price, they are cheaper than some of the smaller encapsulated trickle chargers.  They have worked great for me on batteries from lead-acid automotive types to gel cells.  If you're looking for a battery maintainer with a little more power to charge, this is the one.  Remember, today's vehicles with clocks, navigation systems, and other electronics may draw more than a small trickle charger can provide.  This charger at 1.5A can provide enough power to compensate for electronics that draw extra power even while off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It was quiet and smooth for about 2 months in rainy Seattle. It's not particularly great. It's squeaking now. The plastic &#34;booty&#34; that covers the arms I guess supposed to work to prevent snow from clogging the wiper but did it help? Meh....hard to say. The ends of the wipers have some RED plastic caps on them and it's very distracting to see something RED swooshing in front of my face in the rain. Why couldn't they use black caps?I'm going to look for a triple bladed wiper blade which worked better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Was lost as to how to get, replace wiper blades at 26 inches on my Fleetwood Flair, (1996) motor home. Went to RV FORUM and there was the answer, purchase a set of  Anco 48-17 9.5mm Straight End Adapter and then pickup wiper blades as these and,,,, oh boy,,, remove old screws (2 per arm), might be tight so I used pointed vise grips to remove. Install new adapters and new wipers for the price of one RV wiper blade or less. I also used plastic tie to hold blade to adapter. THEY WORK GREAT,,,, thanks all for the help,,, STEAMING ON DOWN THE ROAD,,,"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used for 1 day and and it destroyed itself with a pine needle.  Now I get streaks where the pine needle, or any other item I assume, has been dragged. So unless you are meticulous and clean your blades before you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immediately anytime any item may fall onto your window, do not buy these.  Unless you do not mind streaks.  The damage is permanent, not only when the item is still on the window."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Like all Bosch automotive products, this wiper blade is well designed and does its job extraordinarily well. It uses the standard hook attachment method for wiper arms, and fits snugly (installed on my '00 Accord). When researching wiper blades, I found that the newer \"mono\" style of wiper blade do not quite compare to this standard design, as the newer, more bulkier Rain-X style tend to catch the wind and thus skip spaces on the windshield. I found mine on sale at a local Autozone for $13."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this product is as good as the turtle platinun, carnauba mother step 3. and the price is lower and equal quality of the three brands, the brightness of the car depends on the quality of the painting and not the wax. for this reason the high prices of other products can not be justified, after several years of experience in this field I recommend Meguiar carnauba step 3, I recommend waxing every month depending on weather and if the car is exposed or not the sun .. or every two weeks and has not so abrasive that can be used many times as you want."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Meguiar's Deep Crystal line is meant as an inexpensive alternative to the more expensive Meguiar's product lines.  This liquid wax works very well, and contains Carnauba, but is not their best product.This product is Step 3 in the Deep Crystal line, and would be used after Step 1 (Wash) and Step 2 (Polish).  The product is applied by hand or dual action polisher then wiped off after it dries.  Very simple and effective.The \"look\" of this product is highly subjective, but it does not have the clarity or longevity of other Meguiar's waxes.  It should also be noted that this product has been discontinued, so don't get too addicted to it!  If you want a great carnauba wax from Meguiar's, look into Gold Class Carnauba Plus."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using Mequiar's Quik Detailer for years and it is still the best product I've found.  I've tried other brands including new ones to the market place, and this is still the leader.  One thing I really like about it is if I miss a spot, a quick spray and the surface is consistent in shine and appearance.  Some of the other sprays would be totally dependent on how much product you used, so I would have to go back and keep blending until the difference wasn't noticeable."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just bought this product after washing my new car for the first time.  I didn't take the time to dry it because I normally don't have issues with water spots but at my apartment my water is awful I guess.  Needless to say my car was destroyed with them.  Huge white nasty spots everywhere.  So I did some research and found this got good reviews so I gave it a shot and WOW.  It totally works on bad waterspots and brought them right out of the finish.  I was very impressed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one of my favorite Meguiar's products. I use it on the dashboards and external plastic and vinyl trim. Just give the bottle a good shake, spray on a little and wipe the surface to a brilliant, clean shine. Even after washing the car, when I use the Meruiar's Natural Shine the cleaning power of the product is evident by looking at the blackened cloth used to apply it.Here's a product that works so well, that it's a pleasure to use. I highly recommend Meguiar's Natural Shine Vinyl & Rubber Protectant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yeah I'm a freak when it comes to my cars finish, I've used it all and don't get me wrong many great brands out there. This has to be considered with some of the best shy of the stupid expensive stuff which I just can't justify. This will shine like a Mother.....ops that's another brand...lol. Seriously lay one coat down and you'll be happy, then do a super light coat over that coat and wipe off with a light mist of water and prepare to be amazed !"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This was extremely easy to use.  I would do one side of the car and do the next while waiting for it to dry.  Then buff with a microfiber towel and you're good to go.  Came with an applicator, but I used my own pads.  I will keep that one with the tin if I'm ever in a pinch.  It left a great shine on the car that even still exists 2 weeks later after a trip across 2 states during some rain storms.  The only blemishes are the bugs I hit along the way.  Also, I have to park my car outside in the elements.  excellent wax!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This car wash cleaned the car very well,but it left water spots. To be fair the car was in the sun and I was talking to someone while I was drying.It was about 75 degrees outside that day and sunny. I washed silver,blue,red and grey colored cars with no problem.I live in NYC and the water is not that hard.A little goes a long way and its very foamy.Works well in the foam gun.Just dry it quickly if your car is black.Otherwise 5 stars!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So I pour in a good amount and mix it with water. In the bucket there is a lot of suds, but then when I apply it to the car, the suds don't carry over.To me, soap is just soap, however this soap has a nice smell to it.It doesn't remove dirt or debris any better than the next soap, however I used to use Rain X with Carnauba wax, and that was a great car wash soap. It left my car shiny after washing and this -- I have to wax it after. I bought this at Costco for like 12 dollars, and it lasted me quite a while. I wouldn't go back to this as it doesn't wax my car. Also -- it dries fairly quickly for some reason and leaves a soap residue."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Great auto wash.  Very sudsy and does a great job with a microfiber wash mitt to clean away the dirt and grime from my car.  Looking forward to trying this with a Foammaster II and see just how good it foams up but im expecting it to work very well.  Smells pretty good too!For the price of this 64 oz container, theres no reason to NOT buy it and use some cheaper car wash or a laundry detergent.  Do your car right and buy this stuff you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I normally use Optimum car wash, but thought I'd try this as it is half the price. I found it cleaned well but you had to rinse well and towel off as it will leave spots if allowed to dry on its own. I now use this soap if the car is not real dirty, but like the Optimum car wash as I find it lubricates better. It does provide tons of suds and they do last till the job is done.All in all, not bad for an over the counter soap and I would buy again if I got caught short."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a fantastic conditioner -- but a cleaner, it is not. At least, not more than surface dirt and dust. That, however, was fine for my purpose (new leather with nothing more than some surface dirt). It goes on easily, smells great but is not an overpowering scent, and leaves the leather looking nice, dark and clean without any ridiculous shine or slippery feel.I didn't really find it difficult to apply, but it may be a little messy. I just dedicate one cloth for application, do the whole car, and then use another 2 cloths to go back around and wipe up the excess. Takes about 15 minutes on my Nissan. I still prefer Lexol for cleaning and conditioning, but this is a great product for monthly application to protect against UV exposure, which is what I am looking for."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use it on every wash that I do.If your a car guy and keep your vehicles nice this is a great product.If your working on a vehicle that has been abused it may take you two or three times to get the wheels looking good.You may have to scrub the wheels by hand to clean off the real dirty areas, and possibly use tar and or bug remover to get them nice and clean.But once you do that, from there in all you need to do is wash the wheels down, spray the wheel cleaner on and let it sit for a few minutes and pressure wash it off. No need to hand wash.And the wheels look really nice."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been trying lots of brake dust cleaners and this one is about the best one I've used so far. I like it because it's not expensive and available at most discount stores.  I have found that I have to use my wheel brush to completely remove the brake dust and as I agitate the solution, it seems to become jelly like.  When this happens, I've learned to rinse off immediately.  If the wheel doesn't become complete clean, I have to repeat the process.  I always wash my wheels first before I start washing the car's body.  I have used lots of Meguiar's products and have been very satisfied."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had purchased two of these drying towels as I had read that these may not work as well as advertised. WAS I WRONG! The towel easily soaked up all the water that was coming off the car, leaving it spotless. I had a friend help me with the second towel and I was able to dry my car in record time and not have any water marks left on the paint. I just slid the towel over any parts with water and it left no trace of water and a clean shine to my car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This towel is very nice.  The waffle pattern makes picking up water easy.  I use thePilot Automotive CC-2010 11\" Soft and Dry Water Bladeto wipe away all the big beads of water, then clean up and detail with this towel.I have found that this towel is soft enough to use to buff small spots that I missed while washing.  So, really, it's more than just a towel, it's can help clean too!  I noticed going over rubber edges around windows, that no lint is pulled off of this towel (like other ones I have used.)  Being lint-free is absolutely necessary when adding the final touch to your car.  With this towel I can finish the job right and I'm debating even getting a second one to use to give the car a final buff after it's completely dry.You'll be amazed like I was when you see how much a towel can make a difference."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This towel works great at drying off my car. I've tried several versions of chamois before and it just has never worked for me, I found that this towel it works best if the water is blown off or taken for a quick drive to allow some water to fly off. I typically use it after a drive thru car wash and the towels does a great job of soaking up whatever is left very quickly and without streaking. It can easily do 10 cars this way before it gets too soaked up. Now I've also used it after washing in my driveway and gotten the towel completely soaked. It worked fine too but did not wring out too well. I would say one towel for one car this way. I'll be ordering a second one soon."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this despite the poor reviews, figuring maybe since most of the reviews were older that they may have improved the towel since then.  Nope.  Quite possibly the worst towel I've ever used.  It basically just pushes the water around on my car and soaks up some of it, but doesn't really DRY the car.  It just smears it around until the water evaporates into the air.  My old beach towel worked 100x better.  And I thought Meguiar's was supposed to sell good quality products.  Live and learn, I guess."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I would recommend these towels.We use them, and microfiber is one towelthat won't put scratches and swirl marks in a paints finish.All microfiber works well but low price towels may notresult in the best quality product.If you buy cheap you get cheap, and my car deserves the best.Show Car Guys 3 - Pack Of Ultra Blue Plush Microfiber Towels 16\" x 16 \"- At 360 GSM, This Is One Of Our Best Microfiber Cleaning Cloths-It Has Ultra Plush Micro Fiber Material On One Side, And The Other Side Consists Of Medium Terry Microfiber Material."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As soon as you finish one panel of your car, you move the towel around to find tons of dry areas waiting to soak up water! This microfiber feels very thick and I can dry half the car without wringing the towel out. I definitely felt the price was a bit steep before purchasing, but they're much better than any OTC microfibers, which can be very thin and require multiple wrings to dry your car.The yellow color of the towel makes it easy to see any pieces of debris in the towel if you are wiping off wax and it dries after a few minutes of being hung. Great investment if you're looking for a car-only towel!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use these to dry the car and also I have one that I use to apply the Meguiar Ultimate Detailer in between wash/waxes.These work well for both purposes, though you may need more than 3 for drying the car as they don't hold a huge amount of water.While I like them and they have held up well to heavy use and a few rounds of washing/drying in the laundry, there may be better values out there for microfiber cloths.I recently picked up Zwyper cloths on a lightning deal -- these may be a better microfiber cloth value if you can find them in a reasonably large size -- or another less established brand (maybe Amazon Basics makes them?)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "At about 3 bucks a piece they are an excellent buy. As all the other 5 star reviews have noted, they are soft and versatile. They do an amazing job on windows and mirrors. They are 16x24.I rated them 5 stars because they are excellent and an excellent value too.If you are looking for the next level, or you really want something dedicated to just babying your paint job, then these Cobra towels (  Cobra Miracle Towel 6 Pack ***NEW*** ) are pretty awesome. These towels run about $7.80 each with shipping, they're plusher, 70/30 towels and although they are the same size, 16x24, they seem a lot bigger and they feel much nicer.Darin"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have tried several microfiber towels recently, they are all great in comparison to using a standard terry cloth, that being said not all microfiber towels are created equally.  First and foremost always be certain to pull the tags off any towel you use before working on that show car in your garage.  These towels I give a good 4 star rating but not five to due to the fact that while being microfiber they still left some minute residue behind on my cars finish.  They are better than Zwipes, they are much much bigger than Zwipes, but sadly pale in comparison to Cobra microfiber towels.  I feel the cost versus value regarding this item isn't very good, you only get 3 towels for nearly $9.00 so for me this is a once and once only purchase."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Love these microfiber cloths, use it on stainless steel appliances and it leaves no streaks.Use it to clean glass and windows and no streaks.Use it also to clean and dry my car, it absorbs water well and it also dries fast.Use it with my favorite leather care lotion, the WhooHoo-CleanLeather Conditioner and Cleaner in One. Luxurious Leather Lotion for Your Designer and Fine Leather Goods. Protect Your Leather Investment. 15 FL OZ. Made in USA!, for my leather designer handbags, shoes, and sofas.I don't have to worry about scratching the leather and it washes well.I bought the pack of 3 and it's just a great value.Will continue using these microfibers."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These WORK! I used them with the Meguiar's wax. One to lift it off, the other to place under my hand while I worked, and then polish after the lift-off. AWESOME tool! You will love these. They are extremely worth it. You do a professional job with these, not some half-baked attempt. And for no more than you spend, and as long as these will last, why not! You won't be taking it for a $150 detailing with these to help make it easier."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Meguiar's X2020 are the best bang for the buck, bar none!  What separates them from MOST other microfiber towels is that they are LARGE in size.  Most other microfiber towels, including the popular Zwipes here on Amazon are much smaller so you need 2-3 of them to do what 1 of these X2020's do.  The X2020's are also high quality and remove wax or detailing polish/liquid so smoothly.  The roughly $2 or so price per towel is pricey but b/c of what they do, it's definitely worth it.  Next time Amazon has a sale, i'm loading up on these again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased these microfiber cloths because of all the good reviews, and I needed a couple cloths - very handy to have around. The quality of the cloths are ok, and does a decent job at cleaning.  I am not sure how long these cloths will last after multiple washes as the quality is average.  So far they work just fine, but just think they are some less expensive options for the quality.  I wish someone made some high-end cloths that could work inside my car and on my iPhone."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This genuinely saved my family over $4000.Car: 2003 Audi A6 3.0 Quattro.Mileage: 85,000 miles.Problem: Check engine lights for BOTH variable valve timing actuators sticking.  Condition present 75% of the time, so occasionally they would unstick.I put 1 quart of MMO into the oil.  I expected nothing, but for $10, why not.  Over the next 2000 miles, a miracle.  The check engine light for this problem would come on less and less until it stopped coming on at all.  The MMO cleaned and lubricated the heads (where the VVT actuators reside) enough to restore normal operation.I have never believed in a simple additive like I believe in Marvel Mystery Oil.  It is incredible.Update:Now 2013, the Audi still has not had this problem come back.  Best fix ever."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My 2010 Fusion has 72,000 miles now and I noticed a small loss of power and the engine would idle a little roughly. More vibration then usual. I've changed the air filter, spark plugs, no difference. I've used Zmax and other additives, and not much change. I put in the Marvel stuff, and notice a huge pickup in power, very smooth idle and gas mileage went up 2 mpg. I'd recommend this to anyone, with a newer or older vehicle. You can even add a small amount, (16 ounces), to your transmission fluid, and it'll clean any gunk inside. Will not harm it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Pros:Generous supply in 32 oz bottleWorks in fuel or mixed with engine oilSmells pleasant (minty, clean)Keeps cold engine start-ups slick and quickCons:Thin lubricantThins out your oilIt is a solvent, it MIGHT (no facts to support that possibility yet) deteriorateyour gaskets, seals.Claims:Cleans out engine, plugs, valves, and injectorsMY recommended use:8 - 10 oz per oil change(they recommend 20% mmo with engine oil change. That's about a quart)4 - 6 oz per 12 gallon fuel tankAt first use, keep engine idle for 30 mins for complete mixup and soak in.Then you drive for 1 hour, then you can switch engine off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The three year old Bosch wiper was squeaking because it'd turned stiff and wouldn't flip over on the opposite stroke. I replaced it with Rain-X. The wiper streaked along its entire length after installation when I used my windshield washer. I'd hoped that in a heavy rain it would clean up and work well. WRONG! It got worse and my visibility was so poor that I felt that driving was dangerous. Luckily I didn't have far to go before I could change it. I've always liked the Rain-X liquid so felt that I could trust the brand. Maybe I got a bad one but I've never had this happen with other brands. I won't chance buying these again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Cheaper than the \"cheapies\" I could get locally.  My local Walmart doesn't carry anything smaller than 15 inch so.....  Gotta love these finds.  $7.50 a blade from Amazon.In the desert the heat / Sun kills the rubber on the blades and it almost never rains.  So I always buy the cheapest blades given that I will be replacing them sooner rather than later and they need not remove snow or ice.  They just dry rot here.  BUT, I cannot find a cheap brand smaller than 15 inches locally.  So I order here and while I am paying about $1.50 more than local cheap blades, I have no choice and I get a better brand.  Oh and I don't mess with the blade refills anymore.  It just isn't worth the hassle unless you just can't afford it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For the price, an excellent wiper. Now, I did just put them on so it depends on how long they stay good for, but so far they work very well. Why did I choose Rain-X? Because they were heavily advertised during a lot of Formula 1 races back in the day and that kinda stuck with me.NOTE: A lot of people seem to wonder what size blades fit their vehicle. Either do a quick google search, check your owner manual, or just get a tape measure and measure the length of each blade on your car. Typically the driver side blade is a bit longer by an inch or two."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used Zym&ouml;l Z503 on a newer vehicle that had minor contaminants in the finish.One characteristic that is important to note about Zym&ouml;l is that you need to be a bit more synchronized w/ its application - it dries really fast compared to other cleaner waxes I've used.This cleaner wax requires more effort to buff clean. The extra amount of elbow-grease required resulted in a superior shine.PROS:1. natural formula2. solid reputation3. provides intense 'wet' shine4. cleans off concrete easily (inevitable drip or two on the garage floor)5. smells like tropical paradiseCONS:1. very thin consistencyI'm not sure if the Zym&ouml;l Z503 is the same formula that I've used in years past, that said I'll wait a while to evaluate how long the protective finish lasts."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This does not only protect, but cleans stains, road film etc. off the paint and bring its to nice clean shine. My cars have ranged from light colours (white and silver) to darker colours (red and blue) and this works perfectly to clean and protect. Sometimes, depending on how dirty the paint was,  2 applications would be done to restore the finish. Safe on clear coats and glass this is perfect. Also, one heavy shower does not remove the wax. Give it a try."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I fought with vise grips and then I bought a 32mm axle nut from Auto**** thinking I could get my oil filter cover off (2004 Saturn Vue). None of it worked. I was almost to the point that I was just going to have some quick lube place change the oil filter for me every other time the oil needed to be changed.Then... I stumbled upon this awesome little socket designed specifcally for my GM 2.2L engine. I needed an 8 or 12-inch extension bar to properly reach the oil filter cover (and it hadn't been removed in a while so it needed some \"elbow grease\", too).But, now I can change my Saturn's oil filter with ease and style!Thank you!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Ordered many brushes. Some of my brush will remain dry to dust off the brake parts, another brush to dust off electric fan grills and A/C window units near the filter. Another to quick clean my chain saw of sawdust before I open the oil tank cover and inside the safety guard filled with sawdust. Have one in the kitchen to wash with water the many parts of the machine we use for cooking. That will stay in the kitchen to avoid contamination. And cost effective enough to have some for spare since it takes a few days to receive it from the mail."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought a new weight distribution hitch that came equipped with a 2&#34; ball ... I needed a 2-5/16&#34; ball for my larger travel trailer but wanted one with the larger big beefy 1-1/4&#34; shank ... my WD hitch had a hole for that size and NO WAY would I go buy a 2-5/16&#34; ball with a smaller diameter shank and use a spacer in it!I want to best thickest built ball and shank and I could not find a ball this size with this larger shank here locally.Price was great and I love having a big bad boy ball and shank to pull the 5-6K load of my trailer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is great car soap, no frills - no wash and wax mix - its perfect for washing before you polish and wax because it doesn't have anything but car soap in it. Not sure why it doesn't work good for other people but for me, its excellent! Also is very cost effective and made by a company with vehicle care in mind, Meguiar's have been around for a way long time and make great products! This is always my choice car wash, it always leaves the vehicle as clean as it can be with a wash alone, the real magic happens after with the polishing and waxingI've read where people say it leaves spots or what not, i have to say if you follow what it says to do in the directions, you'll be golden. And another good tidbit, when you finish washing, you need to dry it with a shammy or the like or yes, it will leave water spots - but that is not from the soap! Its from the sediments that are already in the water."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to clean the brake dust that accumulates quickly on my wheels and takes forever to clean the old fashioned way with a spray cleaner and towels. I have BBS style wheels with about 16 splines and a ton of small hard to reach crevices. They take me about 45 minutes to clean by hand. With this wand cleaner, I can do them in about 10-15 minutes. It is very soft and well covered so the hard plastic rod doesn't poke through and scratch the wheel. I keep a towel handy to wipe the brake dust off the wand after each wheel since it builds up quickly. With a little care, I got it into all the small hard-to-reach crevices and cleaned them. I am very pleased with the product and it saves me a ton of time. The wheels still need a full cleaning once in awhile, but this does the trick most of the time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The California Car Duster offers a simple solution to a big problem.  Your car can never be clean enough, but it is important to note that the Duster works well on dust and not dirt and I am pleased to say that it does a fairly good job of removing dust and related particles from the surface of your vehicle.As mentioned, after thoroughly washing your vehicle, the Duster can help maintain that showroom finish that we all desire.  I have owned about three of these dusters over the course of the last two decades and they are well-made.  I just recently purchased my third duster after having used my last for about the last decade.  The light coat of wax appears to last for years to come as long as you keep the Duster in its included case after use and do not expose it to elements such as sun and water."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It gets so dusty out here in Massachusetts and my 2012 BLACK Jeep Grand Cherokee picks up sooo much dust!I hate spending hours washing and waxing my beautiful SUV only to come out the next day and find a thin layer of dust on my SUV. I got the California Car Duster as an easy fix to rid the dust and it dusts sooo beautifully! The first time use left a bunch of red dust threads on my Jeep, but after a few uses, it went away.I have it sitting in the cargo area of my Jeep because black is so hard to keep clean!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this kit to diagnose the hard start problem on my 96 XJ Cherokee. Took about ten minutes to figure out I had low pressure on the rail due to bleed-back. Bad check valve or pressure regulator, both of which are part of my fuel pump assembly. New assembly, problem solved! This kit worked perfect out of the box. Teflon tape on gauge fittings, pressure relief hose nice and long, very easy to use. Adapters to fit almost any car, i.e. you can rent it to your friends for five bux! Nice pouch for storage too! Has complete instructions, though they're hardly necessary."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This fuel pressure tester worked great for me.  I was able to connect it to the test port on my fuel rail and test pressure within literally about 2 min. I didn't have any help, so i was able to lay the gauge down on the windshield and watch the results as I ran several tests from the drivers seat.  Since the gauge has a rubber bumper around it, it stayed in place even when the fuel line pressurized.  I did not have any problems with leaks at the fuel pressure release button.  This tester confirmed I need a new fuel pump. I think it is the perfect balance of price, quality and functionality for the DIY'er."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You get just what you think you'll get with these cheap mats from Rubber Queen.  They are thin and look similar to OEM mats, albeit without a custom shape or buttons to snap into place.  The thinness may mean that they will wear out relatively quickly, but it also makes them unobtrusive.  Thick mats can take some time to adapt to, since my feet are in a different position relative to the gas and brake pedals.In terms of color, the black fits with my generic black flooring well enough to be practically invisible, which is great.  Overall, a good value and I won't feel too bad about throwing them away if they become too messy to clean."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Strong and well made. I recommend this product, and Prime for shipping 2-day. Very handy to have one of these, good truck fit and connection, nice there are two positions for mounting it. Though it states Made in China it seems well made. Expect the paint to come off with use, lube the hook well. The only problem I foresee is grease on the pants if you choose to leave it on, as you can't put a cover over it. Leaving it on the farthest-in position may help."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "At first I thought this was a gimmick product, but when mounted on the side and the back of our RV it gives me a simple way of knowing if my RV is relatively level.  They are small and unobtrusive (that's nice), but fairly accurate.  Both levels come with a sticky pad that's about half the size of the unit, so no screws are needed.  I'm not sure how well the sticky pads will hold up over time in the weather, but I'll update this review if needed.  I wish the sticky pads were larger, but I could always get larger pads if it becomes an issue in the future.  It's best to mount these little buggers when your RV is already level.  It's probably best to mount one directly over the wheel(s) of your trailer, but not necessary.  Overall, I am very happy with these little levels."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are good enough for visual rough-leveling of your camper, but they're no precion instrument.  It's tough to install these while holding them level and then sticking them down with the double-sided foam tape on the back side.  Once it's down it's down.  If you stick it on crooked, rip it off and throw it away and start over, or try to twist them level and then put in some screws to hold it there.  The foam tape will allow you to twist them back and forth."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The install is easy, just level your camper using a carpenter level of 3 feet or longer.  Set the level from side-to-side on your smooth flooring or counter top. Then set the level from front-to-back the same way on the smooth flooring or counter top.  Now position the Hopkins 08525 levels, one on the side you prefer to work from at the front of the camper, on a flat vertical surface.  Do the same on a side wall near the front corner on a smooth vertical surface.  Use the double stick tape to position, but consider adding pop rivets or small screws to hold the setting for many years.  Holes are provided in the Hopkins levels.Use the front level first to drive onto leveling ramps or boards, then use the side level along with the tongue jack to finish (after you unhitch). Extend your stabilizer jacks and you're set for level comfortable sleeping in your camper."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I got my rv level and checked it using bubble levelers in several locations. Once it was for sure completely level I put these on the front by my electric tounge jack where I can see them when I am leveling the trailer. one is positioned for the side to side level and one is positioned for the up and down front and back level.They work great. I cleaned the area really good with alcohol and used the adhesive backers they came with.You can drill holes and screw them on but I do not like drilling holes if I do not have to.They have been on there for some time now and if they start coming off I will just get some 3m command strips or just get new ones since they are not that expensive."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Makes level soooo easy. When I bought this I thought it seas just a simple bubble level. It is, but it is marked in inches of level error, so hat makes it super easy to level in one shot.  For example, it might show 3&#34; of &#34;unlevel&#34;, so you just use two 2x6 or 2 plastic leveling blocks and its right every time. We toured the entire US and stopped at more than 100 RV parks and campsites. I never one try to get the level right ( except when I put the blocks on the wrong side ! )"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These work well for a budget level. They have double sided tape on the back and a couple of drill holes for security. The problem is that if you only use the tape they can move simply by grabbing them and wiggling them around. The onyl way to truly secure them is to drill holes. I did not want to drill holes in my RV in the event that I didn't like these or wanted to go with something else in the future.If you do get them I would buy a couple packs of them so that if they break or go bad you can put a new one in without chancing them being unavilable and potentially having to get something else that doesn't have the same screw hole pattern."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For most folks but if you need it and fail to use it really bad things will happen.I bought a Porsche where the previous owner had changed the plugs and failed to use the anti--seize and years later when it was time to change the plugs because you cannot actually see the plugs it is easier to remove the head to put repair helicoils into the aluminum as the plugs will not come out without taking the threads.  This is how the world works.  Failure to install something whre this product is needed will cost you dearly down the road. Before you begin anything with aluminum first find your bottle of anti seize so you know you can put the project back together without doing permanent damage."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use Permatex regularly, especially on lug bolts. It is economical and this size container is especially handy to have. Remember to stir the contents well and use only a very small amount. I tend to use a disposable acid brush for application, rather than the lid mounted brush. In fact, I tend to remove the included brush and prefer to just have the lid as a lid.  It has never failed me. I would use a copper based product for exhaust work, but this works well for all other fasteners. It also cleans up easy."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought the Scan Gauge II for one purpose and that was for the transmission temperature gauge for my Silverado. The other option was to replace the dash cluster with one that had the transmission temperature gauge and the Scan Gauge was cheaper by a long shot. Besides having the gauge I was wanting now I've got several others to like the actual water temperature plus the ability to identify and clear engine codes. I've had it on my truck long enough now to say that this is a good product. It works like it's supposed to and unlike a lot of the blue tooth units that transmit the info to the smart phone the Scan Gauge doesn't have to be reprogrammed every time it's turned on from the last time you used it. The Scan Gauge comes back on with the same display every time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "simple, logic and easy to use.  a useful tool to read data from the computer on your car, read codes and diagnose by yourself with a little search on the web. you can take note on the different indicators to know the \"normal parameters\" of your car, and notice when any change occurs and an error code lights your CEL, that way it will be easier to tell what went wrong.The only con is that there isnt any cable or software to connect to a PC or laptop- that would make it a better tool."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Well this thing is as easy as tying your shoes laces. Plug in two wires, let it sit there for a few seconds and BOOM, it works. I still have to wait to fill up so I can calibrate that portion but everything else is good to go. This thing tells you everything you want to know about your vehicle components and more. The X-gauge is an awesome addition to an already great product. You can go the their website and review how to program the X-guages that are compatible with your specific vehicle. Don't wait like I did. Order this NOW!!! As usual Amazon came through with the shipping. If you don't want take my word for it, just look at the 300+ people that purchased it before me. Now I know exactly what my actual and average gas mileage is for my truck."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "in my 08 tahoe, i changed plug and wires recently, i used Tune up Grease both inside of the wire boots and on the porcelain section of the plugs.I installed a set of iridium plugs and a set of ferrite wires in my 08 tahoe, the wires came with a tiny packet of tune up grease but this never seems like enough to me (not that i apply a lot, keep it simple.)the &#34;average&#34; fuel economy on the dash instant read computed had been stalled at 13.9 MPG for a very long time, this is a composite of in town and highway driving. I changed the plugs and wires with the help of this tune up grease and reset the average MPG, within 10 days my average is up to 14.8.I did NOTHING to the vehicle other than install wires and the plugs.This grease helps ensure a good, insulated connection and is a must for a little job like this which can make a difference in your mileage.this is a big tube and will last you a lifetime."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For some reason, I bought a 1998 M109A4.  Like a lot of these purchases, it seemed to make good sense at the time.  These 6x6s have typically been outside for a long time, and while they dont have a lot of highway miles, they sure do have UV damage and rust.  I have 9 windows and 4 doors with gaskets that are really expensive to replace.  Smear this grease on and the gaskets are generally good as new.  I use it on all hoses and gasketed electrical connections."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was rebuilding a wear ring on a sportjet engine and needed to cover a large area with jbweld, make it perfectly smooth and even. Took 3 passes to get a perfectly smooth surface and it's stronger than the original! The tubes are really big too, I didn't even use 1/2 yet and you can sand it and shape it. My advise would be to use it sparingly if you need to get exact dimensions because this stuff gets VERY hard, sanding it by hand is hopeless for anything other than fine grit sandpaper. Also, rough sand between applications because it turns smooth, almost glass-like when it dries so you have to sand between the layers to make sure it doesn't flake. I used a dremel ultrasonic sander with rough paper to get the dimensions right and then hand sanded for smoothness only"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've put these on my motorcycle (DL650K7 if it matters) and although they are definitely whiter (4100K vs. 3500K of the stock bulbs), they don't seem to be much brighter or projecting noticeably wider beams. The only instrument in my posession is a photo light meter and it shows the difference of about 1/3 of a stop, which is rather negligible. Nevertheless, I like the whiter light, and I think that $40 is the right price for such an upgrade. Surprisingly for a Japanese cycle, the stock lights were also Sylvanias, so I expect these to last (one who rides should always carry a spare set of bulbs anyway)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got a 2005 Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor that I wet sanded with 3,000, then buffed out with Maguire's 105, then polished with Maguire's 205, then drenched in Turtle Wax ICE! I got a jug of this Turtle Zip Wax and the car shines like never before! What the heck is in this stuff??? You just mix it with water, wash the car as usual, and the darn thing is shining like there is no tomorrow! I am a little concerned about it building up on the windows, but so far, so good, and it's been raining like crazy and no spots or wiper chatter. A miracle! No more expensive and fancy pants car washes for me!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Once a year seems pretty accurate. I'm sure it varies on where you live, how dirty your car gets, how often you wash it, how you wash it, what detergent you use, etc., etc. But it was highly rated by Consumer Reports so I figured I'd give it a shot. Goes on, wipes off easy - or about the same as other paste waxes I've used. Oh, and yes, this is a polish not a cleaner. If your paint is really dirty, faded, etc, then you need to use a cleaner first then a polish. Put it on thin, in the shade, keep it off plastic, use a microfiber cloth - in other words follow the directions and use it correctly and it works great. And, yes, if you have chips in your paint they will turn white - just like with any other polish."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A few sprays and a wipe down with a microfiber cloth and the interior of my car looks like I just detailed it. Of course, you have to detail the car first. It's not a miracle worker. But when you want to get back to the detail look without major effort, this is the way to go. I keep the bottle and some clothes in my trunk on club rides.Compared to heavier interior cleaners, like Armorall, this stuff doesn't get oily residue on your windows. It doesn't wipe off glass completely clean but over spray comes off with just a little window cleaner."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using diluted (10 to 1) Simple Green to clean the interior of my cars for many years. It works on nearly any surface except glass.  It's also cheap and smells pleasant (at least to my unrefined sniffer).  I decided to buy this Meguiars interior detailed just to compare it with Simple Green.  I love Meguiars Gold class exterior spray detailed - the stuff is just amazing.  I also use Meguiars cleaner wax on my cars.There is absolutely nothing wrong with this product.  It does exactly what it says it should do.  I give it 4 stars for function and quality.  My gripe is that is doesn't really work any better than something 1/5 it's price.  I'll probably stick with Simple Green and skip buying this again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have owned these for about 8 years now.  They have held up very well.  No bend or flex ever noticed.  I use them for any under-car work that doesn't require the wheels being removed.  They are light, and easy to store by hanging them off a screw using the hole they already have built in.To the reviews that say they slide a lot: you need to have a gentle foot on the gas pedal.  If you try to drive up the ramps fast, you may push the ramp.  Take your time, be smooth with the gas, and you'll get up ok.Note if you own a low-riding sports car, the angle of these might not be low enough for you.  The easy solution to that problem is to take something like a 1\"x10\" board and butt it against the ramp.  Drive up on the wood first then continue onto the ramp.For the price, these are an A+ purchase!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I don't know what the complaint from some buyers is about these ramps not functioning well. I purchased four of these Rhino 8000 and drove my 2 wheel drive Jeep Cherokee up on them with no problem whatsoever. My garage floor is smooth concrete and I had no problem with slippage. The only thing that I'll say is you cannot be timid when driving up onto these or any other ramp because you could cause wheel spin which would lead to a problem. My XJ has been sitting on these four ramps for two weeks while I do several underside upgrades and they are holding very well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this for my 4-wheeler. I have a K&N filter on my truck and it has performed real well. Just take an air hose and clean it instead of buying another one. I'm hoping to get the same service out of this one too. Every-time I have my 4-wheeler service, they change my air filter. Well.........those little filters are fairly expensive. I figure I can save a little over some time as far as the filter is concerned.........plus K&N has a pretty good reputation. I would recommend this to anyone wanting such an item."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a K&N in my car so I decided to add this to the girlfriends.  She has a 2006 Toyota Matrix. It fits snug, but that means there's a good seal. Her stock filter was horribly dirty after just one year, so it'll be interesting how this holds up. It's impossible to tell if there is any improvement in performance. I don't drive it daily so I'm not sure about the gas mileage either. Buy this for its reusability, not its performance. My only complaint is the little \"Do Not Discard\" sticker isn't sticky enough to attach to the air box."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used K&N; for years in my vehicles so when it was time to change the Air Filter in our 2003 Toyota Corolla, it was K&N; time again. Now this filter is about 3 times the price of a cheap paper one, but they really do last 100,000 miles before they need to be cleaned. Do they improve mileage? I think they do, but they also improve performance slightly, so unless you have a light right foot you probably wont see much of a difference. When I do notice the gas savings is on the long freeway runs.One thing, when fitting it be careful, the old paper filters will fit in either way around, but the K&N; has 2 nubs on it that make it directional. If you put it in the wrong way around the lid just won't get close enough to close the clips, but rotate it so the nubs are facing the front of the car and the lid will fit perfectly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This car wax is the most durable I've used, leaves a great shine and really protects against rain and the environment. The only thing that we use in small sections at a time, because if left to dry for more than 2 or 3 minutes will cost to remove. I personally let it dry for a minute as Central American climate is warm, it rains half the year, for that reason I use it because it lasts for longer during the long rains. aproximadamnete lasts 6 to 8 weeks. the mother and other brands like Meguiar not work during the winter, rain in one week both the mother and the Meguiar fail,"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had used this product before and was looking to purchase more. It is not available where I live so I had to order it online. This wax is a paste and is easy to apply with a slightly damp cloth or applicator. I am currently using it on my boat and cars. I would suggest working a smaller area to avoid the wax drying and becoming harder to remove. If you stay in a 2x2 or so section it is easy to put on and take off. It leaves a very slick surface and a good shine. If you use a carwash soap for cleaning, the wax will remain for quite some time. I have noticed it seems to hold up well on the boat in saltwater as well. That says a lot for anything in the Florida sun."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The 476 features carnauba wax AND normal wax together with some polymers to mall all work together. It's a really nice starters kit for a good wax layer that you can wait around 48h to have a second one applied.Collinite is not a very famous brand such as Meguiar's or 3M (actually the same since 2012) but they make awesome products. Don't be fooled by the advertisement, if you do a research you'll find this is a GREAT quality and really good price. Probably the liquid version is easier for most people.The 476 is perfect for any color car same quality as the 915 (higher in carnauba, better for dark cars). Really good product!GO FOR IT"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My Dodge Intrepid 2001 started having a leak around the transmission....my mechinic told me to try Lucas a long time ago. But I didn't since I was worried it would make my car worse or wouldn't work. So one day I decided what the hell it wouldn't hurt to try. I received the item it's thick and slow to pour in the transmission small diameter fill tube.But overall it improved the shifting characteristics immediately. I have put about three hundred miles on it and shifting is perfect. No more hesitant shifting from gear to gear or lugging or clunking when down shifting to first gear."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2008 Ford F150 FX4 that has most every option including the mirrors with the turn signal indicator lamps immediately below the side mirrors.  I researched these trailer mirrors and although every formal resource, including the one from Amazon and the manufacturer, said this was not the trailer mirror for my truck, I found one review that said they took a chance and they fit and worked fine.  I had the same experience, they worked fine.  There are cut-outs that allowed the turn signal lamps to fuction perfectly fine and the shape of the mirror was a perfect fit!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These mirrors fit over the factory mirrors like a glove! They really fit nice, and no vibration. The do an ok job. It depends on the size of the trailer you are towing. They worked well with my 22 foot travel trailer, but now we have a 30 foot travel trailer, and they don't offer as much rear viewing sight. I will have to go to the factory extended mirrors. Which I kinda of expected that. For the money they do well!If you will do a lot of towing, and in busy areas, I would recommend the factory extended mirrors. They cost more, but may be worth the extra, as compared to side swiping someone! I think for as much as they do extend, they could of been a little larger, just my two cents worth."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have 2 lawn mowers for summer and a snow blower for winter.  I have used Sta-bil for years in the gas can which I use for these machines for over 10 years.  The lawn mower sits around for months with gas in it over the winter.  Using Sta-bil prevents the &#8220;gum and varnish&#8221; residue that can be left behind when gasoline evaporates.  No need to drain the mowers or blowers every season.  The engines usually start right up after having been left idle for months.  Sta-bil has worked me and I will continue to use it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I work as a salesman at a car dealership so I had access to a lift.  If you have access, I strongly recommend using a lift vs. jack stands.  I was able to raise and lower my car so I was always painting the calipers from a comfortable standing height and could look at (and paint) the calipers from different angles to make sure I didn't miss anything.The included brush is downright awful -- plan on buying a decent tiny paintbrush for this purpose.The color is a glossy, fire engine red.  At the same time that I was doing this, I also PlastiDipped my rims a bright white (my Grand Am GT coupe is white as well.)  The contrast is striking!There's plenty of paint in this kit -- easily enough to do two sets of calipers.  I gave my remaining paint to the tech who helped me get my car on the lift and showed me how to use the air tools for my wheels."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to replace another pressure gauge from Accutire which became useless when the battery died (battery replacement resulted in a display of \"01.0\"), I hope that this one will survive a battery replacement as there are instructions for doing so in the manual (well, instruction sheet).  The flashlight is bright enough to find the valve stem, but not much else.  It reads quite differently to a very old gauge I have, but I don't know which is correct (probably neither !)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this because I was tired of using those 'stick-style' pressure gauges, I never felt those gave an accurate reading since over time it seems that it became easier for those sticks to shoot out.In any case, this is a good gauge. It's got a good ergonomic feel which may or may not be important to you since you're generally not using it that long anyways. Clear digital display and a mini light. You can also program the gauge to set a target pressure for your front and rear tires which is a nice feature. The packaging claims that the battery is lifetime, I somehow doubt this, but it appears there is a screw on the backside that should give you access to the battery. I've never had to replace it yet anyways. Overall, a very good digital gauge for measuring your tire pressure."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I haven't used the set point part of it, but just the fact you can put it on the valve stem and audibly hear when it's done taking the reading makes it far superior to all my other ones. With other ones I'm bending down, trying to see if it's taken the reading or not. I mean, isn't kneeling down far enough? Do I really need to put my head towards the ground further? With other gauges, I do. Not with this one though. Big backlit display that automatically comes on and automatically goes back off. I don't see how anyone could be disappointed with this."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got it just for giggles cause I love gadgets. Its... Moody to say the least, as in sometimes it can be way off (readings of 10 psi above or below what it really is), but most of the time its spot on.I still keep one of the pen style manual ones in my glovebox just as a backup, but this has proven to be useful enough when I need it.The O-Ring issue that you see other reviews complaining about must have been fixed by now, because mine has no issue sealing against the tire stem.The memory feature is nice for easily recalling the correct pressures for your tires (it remembers two numbers, front and rear)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Toyota does not make a locking gas cap for the Tacoma and the gas hatch door is not a locking type.  If you want to lock the gas tank this is one of few options to do so.  As you can see by it's picture, the cap is threaded to the bottom which is NOT the same as Toyota's OEM cap, which is smooth for about a half inch to make replacing the cap after filling the tank easier.I had to call Stant to make sure this would fit on my 2012 as the Amazon guide indicated it would not. I does fit but is not as slick as the original. Some online reviews and the Toyota manual warn about a \"check engine\" light if the gas tank is not properly sealed by the cap. That was not an issue with mine.I'd spend more money and buy one that fit better if it was available but from my research I couldn't find one."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After reading several reviews on this product I have to agree with most comments in regards to the locking fuel cap being poorly made. The Cap fits fine for the application. However the key mechanism is flimsy at best. The quality of the plastic components are not what I remember a Stant Locking Fuel cap to be. They def cheapened out on their manufacturing process`s.I gave the Stant Locking Fuel cap a 3 star rating only bc it does fit and is doing what the intended use is for. I do feel that if someone wants to remove the cap by force, they absolutely can. I primarily purchased this product based on Stant`s reputation in the Auto market, but this one leaves myself a bit disappointed. This is being used as a deterrent to help prevent vandals from pouring anything foreign into the tank. It does operate correctly when following the unlocking/locking procedures."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As you may know, one cause of the \"check engine light\" coming on your dash is lack of pressure in the fuel system due to a faulty gas cap.Normally, when the \"check engine light\" comes on, I go out and tighten the gas cap; if that's the cause, the light will go off in an hour or so.However, if the light stays on, a cheap option is to replace the gas cap - a lot cheaper than taking it to the shop and getting charged an hour of labor and the shop cost of a gas cap. In my state, a car with the \"check engine\" light on during the inspection period will fail the inspection.If you replace the cap, and the light still stays on, then take it to the shop.This is a good price on the cap."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We own an 2007 Toyota that was doing weird things.The old fuel cap had a broken seal where the cap fit up to the filler neck.The vehicle was showing different trouble lights and the codes from my reader did not make sense.I read somewhere that a bad fuel cap could cause these type of issues and thought I would give that a try.It is hard to believe a simple fuel cap seal could be the cause of so many strange readings.The only thing about this cap I do not like is there is no tether strap attached.You just have to remember to watch out for the cap when fueling the vehicle.The price through Amazon.com was easily one quarter the dealer parts dept. quote.Thank you Amazon for carrying this cap."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased two cases to handle oil service for an older Boxster; for this purpose there is no cheaper way to get an approved lubricant.When used instead of a 5W30 oil in two 2002/2003 VWs, in moderately cool but not cold temps, noticed easier starting and generally fine performance.At the Amazon price, especially with prime, there is no more affordable way to get this quality of oil.Two alternatives to consider for Porsches:If you are racing a street car, or observing much reduced change intervals, consider Joe Gibbs DT40 or similar, though it does cost even more than this Mobil 1 choice.Another approved and worthy choice for Porsches and other European performance cars is Motul 8100 x-cess 5W40, and this is also sometimes available via Amazon as well as in 5 liter package."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Noticed immediate difference. Idle is smoother, acceleration is quicker, and cruising on the highway feels assertive with much more power to be had. There was a $10 off coupon for a long time and with prime so I could not refuse. I cannot wait to drive my car again. I feel like Mobil 1 is a brand that does not need to heavily advertise because their product is so good already. It is a trusted brand and your engine is being protected without any second guesses! BMW, Benz, and the GTR use this so why can't yours?!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This and a specific German made variant of Castrol are the only oils I use in my VW, due to strict requirements listed by the manufacturer.Unfortunately, due to where I live, I often have a hard time finding oils that meet the VW 502 requirements locally.  The auto stores nearby price out six quarts of Mobil 1 for a few pennies cheaper, but it is always hit or miss as to whether they actually have any available or on order.Amazon delivers this rather fast.  Great for those months when it could be weeks before I could see the product locally."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It is a mystery how such a thin towel can absorb so much water. I know it is the waffle weave that allows the towel to guzzle up so much water... but I can dry a section of my SUV and wring out the towel and then dry another section without having to wait.This towel is a tad expensive and there are other waffle weave towels available, but this makes the drying process for my vehicle take much less time. I simply use the water sheeting technique and this Supreme Guzzler. No blower or anything else!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always been a fan of using the Absorber products for drying my cars. I really hated wringing it out over and over to remove the water from the product. I was amazed at the amount of water this thing sucked up. In drying my Honda Pilot, not once did I, or COULD I wring out any water. Very soft, and no issues with scratching.I was somewhat confused about which one I should buy, until I found this breakdown:Cobra Supreme - application of waxes, quick detailers and buffingCobra Miracle Towel - wax and polish removal, buffingCobra Deluxe - application of spray waxes, quick detailers, buffingCobra Gold Plush - application of spray waxes, quick detailers, buffingCobra Guzzler Waffle - dryingCobra Guzzler HD Waffle - dryingCobra Waffle Weave Glass - cleaning glassNow I just need to get some of their other products!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I puchased this a while back, but I just now ran out of gas while out shopping.  Luckily the car parked next to me had a full tank of gas.  The gas cap wasn't locked so....Calm down, I'm kidding!  I used this for legal purposes and it worked great.  About 10 seconds of shaking and the gas was flowing.  After you get to the bottom of the tank, if you pull out the metal end without shaking or bumping it at all, you can maximize its effiency by not releasing any of the fuel in the siphon back into the tank you are draining.  This worked perfectly and I highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I always buy a few hoses, two 10 footers and a 15 ft hose. I then connect together the best combination lenth hose that will get from water source to RV. Keeps my camp area neat, plus why on hot days would I want the sun heat the water in the hose and have to wait for the water to get cool by running it. Just makes more sense adding what ya need together then 30 ft of hose sprawel out on your camp site. Most campsites you will end up using the 15 footer anyway."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had to use quite a stack of wood blocks under my travel trailer (TT) jack because I've had the axles flipped on it.  It sits about 4 inches higher than when it was stock.  When I saw this recommended by Amazon I was all over it.  I still use a few blocks of wood along with this just to further minimize the amount of jack travel required.  I would have given it 5 stars if I didn't have to remove the foot from the jack in order to use it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Great way to keep your tongue jack from resting on wet ground or concrete, likely extending the life by not letting it rust out so quick.  Using with a tow package that includes a weight distribution assembly can prove problematic for smaller SUV's/cars though (tested with a 2008 Ford Escape with Class 3 hitch), as the tongue jack stand is so tall that you have to sometimes jack up your car up to clear it!  Still, I can't fault the jack stand for that.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this jack stand to replace the assortment of wood blocks that I used under the front tongue of our 20' camper, weight about 500lbs,  when parked at the storage lot or while out camping.  By the second season the base had fatigued and cracked in a circular manner and by the third season I had to remove it from service because I felt it would not safely hold the weight of the tongue.  I was pretty disappointed considering how much I spent and inconvenient is was to store away.  I've moved on to the &#34;Flip-foot&#34; jack extension."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We only have stabilizing jacks on the back of the trailer so we do use the tongue jack as a stabilizer too.  My husband always carried a bucket of pieces of 2 x 4s to support the post.  We decided to try this reasonably priced jack stand instead.It is VERY heavy-duty and does a perfect job.  They sent us a red one, not the black as shown in the photo, but that doesn't effect my rating at all.  For the money, this is an excellent accessory."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this to equalize the grey tanks when camping for 4 days or more. In cold weather we take showers in the camper so the grey tank in the bedroom fills up in 4 days.  This lets us divide the grey water from the kitchen with the one in the bedroom.  It also ads a little capacity because it stores water in the pipes down to the valve.  When dumping just take the cap off of this valve, install hose, close both grey valves, open this valve to drain pipes, drain black tank, open both grey tanks again, rinse and done."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I read all the other companies material on how well their products worked on rust. I had planned on using the POR product but as with several other ones I was worried about how harsh and toxic they were. This product is  water based no harsh fumes and cleans up with water! So far I have used almost two bottles on a very rusty undercarriage. The product works fantastic, isn't scary to handle and the finished results are beautiful. You have to recoat in about twenty min. for the coverage to even out. In 24hours it dries to a hard satin black finish which you can top coat. This product  goes a long way for such a small bottle. A great buy!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Some hardware stores carry this in 8 oz. containers.  It is a buck or two cheaper to order it here and have it delivered.  It works better than naval jelly.  Not particularly recommended for show quality applications.I pour a little our on a 2&#34; paint brush to coat rusted ferrous metal.It stops rust and turns it black.Good for tools and equipment that have a tendency to rust.It is thicker that some of the phosphoric acid products and leaves a coating that can be painted over.I am using it on a rusty utility trailer and an old tractor.You don't have to paint it but you can.It kills the rust."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "used it on a surface on my BMW 328ic near the trunk area. I had 2 little spots approx. 1x2&#34; on the left and right that had rust forming UNDER the rubber gasket... I brushed of the rust with a dremel type tool and metal wheel brush to clear all rust and paint and used this on top. let dry for a day before repainting and applying clear coat. It does not seem to penetrate the little rust remaining as other products. I used &#34;Rost-Egal&#34; from Germany many many years I lived there and that has been the best product so far. You use it once and just know it works. With this very liquid product I am not so sure... It did not even seem to &#34;stick&#34; very well to vertical surfaces. For the next job I will look for a &#34;thicker&#34; product that will cling more to the treated area."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This treatment works well to &#34;kill&#34; rust and should be used along with a good rust primer and top coat paint to prevent future reoccurrence of corrosion returning. This product essentially treats the rust as the surface of the metal becomes pitted and sanding or grinding does not remove all of it before painting. Good product to use in any area you do not want to continually do over. This product is an absolute must to have on the shelf for any auto or product used in high salt states such as in the Northeast area of the country. Small price to pay for an added layer of security to your rust prevention project."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This little compressor has far exceeded my expectations. I have had two plumbed to an air tank that ran air tools on my rig. They run forever and have never gave me a problem. The only thing I would suggest is to switch out the male hose adaptor. This will allow you to run a regular sized higher quality hose that can attach to regular air tools/hoses in a pinch. The one that comes with it is an odd ball size. Don't get me wrong...you can't run air tools directly from this compressor. But using two into a tank makes it possible. I would buy another one in a heart beat. A little noisy but what compressor isn't?! It pushed a decent amount of air for the money. You need one for your vehicle so just buy it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We bought three of these LifeHammer \"Emergency Hammers\" after watching the \"Mythbusters\" episodes on escaping from a sinking car. We live in the mountains with a lot winding roads, often with water at the bottom, and these Hammers seem like a worthwhile and prudent precaution. Here are my observations:+ Colorful; bright orange makes it easy to see+ Very Pointy; both hammer ends are very pointy and I don't doubt at all that they could break a car side window+ Sharp Seatbelt Cutter; well protected so you can't get your fingers in it, tested with a ribbon and it cut easily+ Plastic Holder; works surprisingly well to cover the pointy bits and is east to remove quicklyAs my title says, it is better to have and not need than to need and not have.Highly Recommended! Here is the single on we also boughtLifeHammer Orange Original Emergency HammerCFH"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "these look GREAT when mounted, and have been mounted for 6 months with stuff occasionally bumping them without falling off the side of my truck. the glow in the dark nub is removable thankfully, as the orange color is enough to find them in the dark. I tested these at the junkyard to see if they would \"actually\" work (i was skeptical) and my hand fell through the window after it, it took so little pressure. my girlfriend didnt even know I had broken it myself, since she was looking away and only saw the aftermath. I feel very re=assured with these next to me in my truck, and will buy them for any other vehicle I ever own, without a doubt."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Received within 3 days. Saw Mythbusters do a test of these LifeHammers and they worked quite well cutting through the seatbealt and any of the windows EXCEPT the WINDSHIELD. Commit that to memory! In a emergency situation it will not easily crack or break the windshield, side and rear glass only. Mine is getting mounted in clear sight and access from the front seat, right in the middle of the rear seat benches so as to be easily grabbed by all! I have had experience with a stuck seat belt and they are a bitch to cut through with a semi-sharp pockt knife."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have one of these in each of my vehicles, either in the door pocket, center console or glove box.  I didn't mount them because having them loose in a covered compartment seemed a better idea.  I also have the key chain versions (ResQme)as a back-up in case the trapped person cannot reach the one in the door, etc.I have only had to use this device once when a Blazer flipped over on the Interstate in front of me.  The first person on the scene tried several times to break the rear window with a crowbar, but was unsuccessful.  My life-hammer did the job effortlessly with the first swing, and the seat-belt cutter quickly ripped through the belt to release the trapped driver!These should seriously be standard equipment in ALL vehicles!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the second style that I have bought on Amazon. The first one was like a toy. This one is close to it. Neither one was built STRONG. The handle is just a little longer than the last two I bought. Another thing. I just bought these  two at $10.00 each. Now, one week later, $15.00 almost? Sorry barely worth $10.00. I would shop for a better model. Sorry, I'm not ready yet to bust out a real car window to see if the thing will hold up??  Read my other product reviews folks. I'm just like YOU. I try to stretch that hard earned dollar.  SW"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "the thing i like about this oil is the zddp content and additive package is alot better then most oils,this is a good oil for high performance cars.one thing id like to educate some viewers on is when you look at any oil for your high performance car,one thing you need to make sure it doesn't say on bottle(usually on the back)is resource conserving,when you buy resource conserving oils and put them in high performance cars,they will hurt your motor,resource conserving oils are good for daily driven cars that aren't doing anything performance oriented such as high rpm high load situations,the additive package in them is not sufficient for protecting your motor.just some food for thought next time your shopping for oil for your awesome ride"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff is amazing.  I bought it when RP was running a special; buy the oil, get the RP filter for free.  I was very surprised at how much difference it made over regular oil.  My engine runs a lot smoother and quieter.  I will be buying again.  Next time I think I will buy the high mileage version.  I just hope RP has another special so I don't have to pay for the matching RP filter $$.Update:  After a little over 4 months and 5,000 miles I changed my RP oil.  It looked almost as good as new oil; just a little browner.  When I had tried to do the same with house oil from the parts store it was shockingly dark; almost black.  RP has earned a life-long convert and RP evangelist."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always been told that Royal Purple products were good, but more expensive than the products I've used in the past. However, Amazon offered a package at a price that was actually cheaper than if I bought it at a local store, plus they shipped it for free. As for the product, since I tend to use quality synthetic oils in my 2008 Honda Civic I guess only time will tell, but I do seem to have more pickup that has a firmer feel. My Honda is slightly modified, but the other day I out ran a BMW that was attempting to cut me off as I merged onto the free way. Was it the oil? I don't know, but as long as I maintain my average of 35 MPG and can merge at that pace I will continue to buy Royal Purple. It should be noted that I also use ZMax at the same time, or when I can afford it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Recently I had a steel garage door installed. Opening and closing the door was a noisy event. I called the installer and was told that the hinges needed to go through a break-in stage and to reduce the noise a 20 weight oil was recommended. I applied a dab of Royal Purple Synthetic Engine Motor Oil 20W50 on each hinge and the results far exceeded my expectations. The door opening and closing was the quietest it has ever been including when the old door was still in use. This is an excellent lubricant."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This book is such a life saver.  It has been so helpful to be able to go back to track trends, answer pediatrician questions, or communicate with each other when you are up at different times of the night with a newborn.  I think it is one of those things that everyone should be required to have before they leave the hospital.  We went through all the pages of the newborn version, then moved to the infant version, and will finish up the second infant book (third total) right as our baby turns 1.  See other things that are must haves for baby at [...]"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wanted to love this, but it was pretty expensive for only a few months worth of calendar pages.  I ended up buying a regular weekly planner - 55% OFF! - The Planner - that is 8 1/2 x 11 and has all seven days on the right page and the left page has room to write a To Do List and Goals.  I found this to be more helpful because I could mark each day's eating and sleeping blocks, then also see them side by side - I could see her patterns more easily with a weekly view.  This planner was cute, just not what I wanted."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've been using the baby tracker since the day my daughter came home from the hospital.  We're on the third one now.  It's useful for when the doctor asks how often she's feeding and urinating, but even better for looking at and realizing, &#34;Oh, she hasn't slept in x number of hours.  She's probably crying because she's tired.&#34;  But the BEST thing it has done for me since her newborn days is help me put her on a nap schedule.  I flipped through a couple weeks and looked at when she seemed to be sleeping during the day and looked for a pattern, then started putting her down for naps around those same times each day.  It helps a lot."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Of course this has been a great/easy way for me to record all of my baby's routines and a simple way for his caregiver to let me know how the day went.  What I really love about it, though, is that it was so easy for me to jot down all of his major milestones as they happened.  I knew that I wouldn't have time to work on his baby book in the beginning (and sure enough I didn't even get it out until after 2 months), and because I had this book I was able to finally transfer everything over.  Life saver!!  All of the funny little things would probably have been forgotten!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I didn't think I would really use this and I was wrong.In the hospital they were constantly asking &#34;when was her last diaper?&#34;, &#34;when did she eat and for how long?&#34; - ummmm I was on pain killers for a c-section and a mass of hormones. I finally got this out and started keeping track using this.Yes, you could just use regular paper, but I liked the layout of the pages and it was just what we needed a we slowly lst our minds for the first 6 weeks.I an on giving this as a shower gift to the next first time mom :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used this book since my son was born.  It's a great and handy way to keep track of when and how much eats and when I change his diaper.  Makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.  This journal is great for his grandparents who watch him while I'm gone.  They are able to maintain his schedule and it makes it very easy for me to see how he is doing while I'm at work.  Highly recommend this journal for all parents of children especially for those with little ones under a year of age.  I'll definitely continue to buy this every 3 months until at least my son is a year old."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used this tracker for all 3 of my children and swear by it! It is super easy to leave by the baby's changing table or crib and jot down things throughout the day (feedings, dirty diapers, nap times, etc). I also used it to jot down other important &#34;mile stone&#34; things that I would have quickly forgotten&#8230;like outings, temperature readings, visits from friends to meet him, calls to make, when we stopped swaddling him, etc. I was able to use it as a resource when (many months later!) I went back to formally fill out his baby album since I would have forgotten so many of those valuable little tidbits of information & memories."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We found this book at a rummage sale and found it to be so useful, especially when several people are helping with the baby (ex: visiting family, etc.)  We loved it so much that I've bought another one and have almost filled that one too.  I like having the room to write things about our baby's day and development, plus use the \"Notes\" section to write some story, etc.  It also helps \"Dad\" see what has happened that day and feels more connected.  I will be buying another one soon!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Love this book! Just finished our first one and am starting a second one.  It makes life much easier knowing my child's meal and nap times. Much easier to plan you day around baby when you can start predicting what their schedule will be for the day. Excellent for communication for when you don't have your child. Even when I'm at work, that night I know exactly how my childs day has gone just by looking at his book. Plus it makes it easier on the caregiver to learn childs patterns as well. I recommend this to all new moms! Especially during those first few weeks/months when growth spurts are common and you can't remember anything because you haven't slept much!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "THis has been helpful in tracking the feedings, diaper changes, naps and other developmental things for our little one but I REALLY wish they had laid it out so that you could leave it open and have the left side be AM and the right PM.  The way the pages are set up you have to flip a page to see a full day (starts with PM on the left and A.M. on the right).  It's a nitpick but if they had just let the user fill in AM or PM then the pages would be identical and you could look at a full day at a glance (with your hands full, holding a baby).  Sort of a pain to have to lean forward to pick it up and flip a page over just to see what happend prior."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was a lifesaver especially during the first couple of months.  Being a new mom (and dad) we were exhausted and I can't imagine trying to remember when the baby was last fed, changed, etc. without something like this by our sides 24 hours a day.  It is a good size and plenty of room to write everything down that you need.  It is laid out very well and easy to read/understand when handing off care from parent to parent (or whoever).  Once this ran out I bought another type of journal and am wishing I had just bought this one again."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Both of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.  They also love cars.  So this was an obvious choice for a great toy for them.  They both love these cars!  All of the cars have a little &quot;surprise&quot; (the ladder on the firetruck &quot;clicks&quot; as it raises up and down, the siren on the police car spins, etc.) &amp; they are all numbered which is great for counting and number recognition as they get older.  They're also a great way to teach abstract concepts like smallest, bigger, biggest."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are a huge hit with my one year old son.  We received these cars as a gift when my son was first born.  He started taking a real interest in them when he was about seven months old and still plays with them every day.  They are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.  We've traveled a lot with my son and these make terrific travel toys as they pack up easily and don't take up much space since they nest.  The smallest car rattles and is the perfect size for little hands."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The teether just arrived for my ten month old who seems to be cutting his second tooth.He's already figured out how to activate the vibration.  It is soft, yet has some ridges and bumps that he is pulling with his teeth and gums.  I think baby gives it 5 stars!!!There were contradictory reviews on whether the batteries were replaceable or not- the packing says they are NOT.  So unless whoever said they were replaceable is just handier than the rest of us, they do not appear to be replaceable."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this as a shower gift but could not use it for awhile. The handle is kinda big and the chewing surface kinda wide. It also takes a lot of force to get it to vibrate and that took a while for my daugher to figure out, at first I had to hold down one of the corners for her while she chewed on the other. Once she got a little bigger it was a much better toy for her. But don't get me wrong she loved it when she was itty bitty she just needed a little help from mommy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have another vibrating teether that is very similar to this one, there are some differences though.This one is much softer on the outside which could be nice on tender gums.This one has 3 points that she can use to pin point the problem area.Each point has a different texture (bumps, ridges) so there is some varianceThis one seems like it is easier to activateI will say that I don't know if she favors one for the other.  It seems like she uses them both about equally.She also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands, feet, cheeks etc.  We have had a lot of fun playing with it.It's a great find and I wish I had come across it sooner."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son has had this teether since he was 3 months old. I thought maybe he's just too young & not interested in it(even though he did have 2 teeth already) He is now 8 months old, and still isn't very interested in this teether. The reason I bought it was because it was in-expensive and easy for him to hold & pick up. He would rather pick up a toy car, or some sort of stuffed toy, which I understand every child is different. My only big complaint - the star bead on the end. It is hard, and pointy. If it catches my son's sore, in-coming teeth the wrong way, he will cry. Other then that, the colors are great, and definitely catch baby's eye. Overall, it's an OK toy for the price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was skeptical at first about 'babywearing', I tried it once as a joke with this sling that was given to me and fell in love. It was one of the only places besides the breast that my daughter would fall asleep consistently for the fist 4 months or so.  So I agree with other mothers who say that you have to give it a chance to grow on you. It may seem strange or uncomfortable at first but I still use my sling with my daughter and she's 18 months now. She sits on my hip and watches me do the dishes or fold laundry. Hands free is the way to be!The sling I was given was a bit large for me, and I'm not a tiny person 5'3'' 135lbs. Although it was adjustable I think for my next child I'll try a sling that comes in sizes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son loves this.  He likes the &quot;kangaroo&quot; position best. He was actually crying the first time we put him in it this way, and stopped immediately.  DEFINITELY make sure the one you buy comes with the video, though.  At our Babies R Us many were just in plastic bags (returns?) without the book and video.  They are a must.  The usual type carriers which have baby putting all their weight on their pelvic bone aren't good for their developing bones.  Slings keep the baby in more natural positions."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased a total of 4 of these, thinking I needed to change the bedding constantly due to spit up.The instructions said to hang dry only so I thought I needed more to get through the week.  It turns out I can just toss it in the dryer and put it right back on the mattress.Had I known I didn't need to hang dry, I wouldn't have purchased any extra and just went with the 2 they gave me when I purchased the cosleeper.The material is average, nothing special.  It holds up well to lots of washes and uses."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a fantastic product. It has a lot of room to store the dirty diapers, and yet there is little to no smell. You know when it's full because the plunger won't go down all the way, and you can't return the handle to the other position. When you take the garbage bag out, you can tell just how much smell you'd be in for with any other container. I also like that you can use whatever garbage bags you want with this, instead of having to buy special ones. A good buy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It makes so much more sense to just use regular kitchen trash bags, more cost effective. It is easier to use. There were no smell problems AT ALL until about 18months - 2years old, well \"hello - diet change produces stinkier diapers\". Makes sense. . but still use it for wet diapers. Hopefully potty training will happen soon! :)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so \"diaper genieized\" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way. But the good side is, it is easy to pop back on.The diaper champ is really durable. I highly recommend it to anyone!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've had this diaper pail for 3 years now, and it's been through 2 kids (both in diapers for 18 months of that!).  I love this diaper pail! My favorite feature is that it doesn't require special refills--it can use any trash bag (we just use a tall kitchen trash bag).  My 3 1/2 year old still hasn't figured out how to open it, but it's easy enough for me to open quickly.  The only times I have had a problem with odors is if too many diapers are stuffed into the pail.  Even then, these odors can be minimized with a bit of baking soda sprinkled in the bottom of the pail.Although I debate the necessity of ANY diaper pail, this one receives 5 stars from me!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this pail before my son was born. First we bought the Safety 1st Odor-less pail, but it was broken, and the store was out of stock when we returned it. I read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.I love that it is so easy to use. My husband didn't even want a diaper pail because he didn't expect them to hold in any odors at all. Now that we have this one, he loves it. It's so easy to flip the lid and away goes the diaper. No twisting till your wrist breaks. At first we were using scented trashbags, but I've switched to grocery bags and they work just as well. I change the bag about once a week with either kind of bags. My son is now three months old and wears size 3 diapers. The only problem we've had is that if you don't close the diaper tapes they can stick and jam the pail. All in all it's been a great buy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have three children.  For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky. I would not recommend buying that one.  My second child I didn't get any.  Now for our third child I saw the Diaper Champ and figured why not register for it and try it out.  I have to say that I am very happy with it so far. I did dump a little deoderizer tablet in it. I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.  It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.  I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.I would recommend it over the others on the market."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this primarily because it had better reviews than the Diaper Genie when we bought it and that we don't have to buy special bags. I love that you can use trash bags. I haven't had a problem with the bag not being full enough. For one, when the Champ is full the trash bag is a bit more then half full, but is also very heavy so you wouldn't want anymore diapers in there anyway. The only problem I've found with it was when my sister-in-law put my 2 year old nieces diaper in there and the smell lingered a bit. Her diapers are MUCH different then my 3 month old son though. So overall I love the Diaper Champ!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "At only 3 weeks old, my son goes through about a dozen diapers a day.  We have the diaper champ in his bedroom and it's been great so far.  (We'll see once he switches to solid food and his diapers are a bit more stinky!)  It's so easy to use and you don't have to buy the special bags.  We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.  One recommendation - get a can of Lysol and spray the diaper champ down when you change the bag.  Overall, I love this diaper pail and would buy it again in a hearbeat!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink. of course you have to clean the whole thing out from time to time (which should be expected considering the toxic waste it stores!), but i never had any issues with smell, unless it was so full it had to be emptied anyway. what sold me on this diaper pail vs. the others, is that this one takes ANY plastic bag you want to put in it, meaning grocery bags, trash bags... nothing fancy. as a new mom (or new parent) you have enough things to worry about and spend your money on; last thing you need is to head to the store for diaper pail bags. no complaints from me on this diaper pail."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this product.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is b/c I use cloth diapers and diaper covers, and it doesn't have a whole lot of room for this type of diapers.  It lasts me about 2 days.... 3 if I really stretch it.It has no odor, other than when you open it, but that is inevitable.Infact, the Babies R Us in my area uses this product in their &quot;mother's room&quot;.  That seems to say alot!And the best part is that its cheapest over the long run... no special bags to buy... what a pain that seems to me.  I use plain old garbage bags... or even very large shopping bags.Great product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What I liked:  Contained the smell.  Ease of use.  Takes regular garbage bags (saves money!).  Great capacity (empty it out once in 7 days or so). Sturdy. Easy to clean - I wipe it down with Clorox wipes.What I didn't like: Not especially good-looking and at times the lid gets stuck in a certain position (could just be a problem with mine) hence the four stars.Would buy again though and do recommend it. (I have used the Diaper Genie at a friend's place - didn't like it)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this diaper pail...you can use any trash bags...I like the variety that are colored and scented for a nice touch! It's so easy to use. I didn't have any problems with odors til my daughter got older than 12 months. Once she started eating more \"real\" foods, her diapers became much smellier. She's now 19 months and the Champ is still a Champ. We empty it a little more frequently now than we used to because of her smellier diapers, but I think it's a great product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After reading all the reviews on-line for this product I chose to register for it, now that I am using it I am disappointed.  I'm not sure if my sense of smell is just that of super hero's or my daughter has super smelly diapers.  Either way her room does have the smell of dirty diapers when you enter and the \"Champ\" is in the back corner of the room.  I guess I'm just grateful that the whole house doesn't smell as bad as her room."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag. The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are. I have no issues w/ odor but baby poop doesn't start to smell really bad till they start on soilid so odor will not be a problem no matter what till then and that's many many months down the road."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is another great baby purchase.  When I brought it home, my husband laughed at me and said that it was just a \"gadgety\" baby thing that we didn't need.  He changed his mind though after we put it into use and saw how well it worked!First, it really keeps the odor in.  I'm pretty sensitive to smells, but this one does a good job of containing odors.  Just to play it safe though, I make sure to empty it every day and a half to two days or so (you could probaby go longer), and I spray it with Lysol as well.  Keeping with that practice, I haven't had a problem with bad odors.Secondly, its economical--its not expensive to buy, and its not expensive to maintain.  Its nice to be able to use regular garbage bags and not having to buy expensive diaper disposal system specific bags.No bad odors and not expensive to buy or maintain---I definitely recommend this product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "You can't put poopie diapers in this pail, it doesn't hold the smell back at all.  I use it for the wet diapers and it's fine.  I use the scented bags for the poopie diapers and throw them away in my regular garabage that gets taken out every day.  Opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.  The big blue round part on the side broke off for some reason and it wouldn't go back on.  I ended up using masking tape to hold it on.  It serves it's purpose, but I'm not thrilled with it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Someone told me not to get the Diaper Genie, but invest my money in the Champ.  What sold me on it is that the Champ uses ordinary garbage bags, nothing proprietary.  As my baby gets older and the poops get stinkier, we do have some odor problems, but we tend to cram the diaper bags as full as possible.  If we changed it every couple of days, there would probably not be an issue.  When we smell something, we change the bag; problem solved.  My only *real* problem with it is that, now that my son is walking, he likes to put things into the hole and turn the handle to watch them disappear.  I keep waiting for the day when he throws away something important and I don't catch it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My sister had a Diaper Genie and it always smelled really bad. She constantly complained about it so I opted to try the Diaper Champ. Boy am I glad! It is so easy to use especially since you can use regular trashbags vs. genie refills and the diaper is gone w/ a flip of a handle!! My son is 9 months old and we have NO SMELL PROBLEMS!!! I don't know how some people can complain about smells coming from this thing...it's sealed up like Ft. Knox. You never see the inside of the pail until you empty it. The canister pushes the diaper into the trashbag, thus never allowing odors to escape through the pail. I would have to say the only way you may have an odor problem is if you never empty it!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I read a review below that can explain exactly what we experienced. We've had it for 16 months and it has worked wonderful for us. No smells, change it out once a week, easy to clean. Then a diaper snagged this foam material in the head part, so I pulled the rest of the foam out. Big mistake!!! Now it can no loner retain the stinkiness and we're looking for a replacement. Be careful of overloading and never take out that foam piece that is cushioned between pieces. I have figured out that it is key to keeping the stink out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.  When it came down to it, I couldn't make myself spend the extra money for something that needed expensive refills. Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.  Let's face it, babies are expensive and whenever you can save $ you should!!!I buy a box of bags at Target that I use for the kitchen and the Diaper Champ and they cost less than ten dollars for over 100 bags.My only complaint is that it is hard to get the pail open at first to change the bags, but it gets easier over time as it loosens up and you get the hang of it!If I had it to do over again, I would still buy the Diaper Champ!  I think it is great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Works well as diaper pail, but it's awesome as a bathroom garbage can.  No mess, no smell. Very easy to replace garbage bags, you do not have to touch anything.Got it as a gift, and was very skeptical about it at first. (It's only 100ft to the garbage  shoot outside the apartment).  That opinion changed quickly after the first night I had to wake up to change diapers.It holds about 2 days of diapers so never get a chance to stink things up.  Besides you baby will probably poop only 1-2 times /day."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills. Not only can they be a pain to install, but who needs one extra thing to watch a supply of? I mean, with babies it's already far too easy to run out of diapers or formula. I couldn't picture myself yelling to hubby, \"Honey, I know you have sixty other things to get...can you also pick up refills for the diaper pail?\"The Champ works great. We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags. We've never experienced odor from the pail. It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion. I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...Highly recommended!!! Makes life easier and keeps baby's room smelling like baby, not dirty diapers!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Diaper Champ has been wonderful in our home!! It locks away the smell so wonderfully that we purchased a second one for downstairs. I originally chose this one, because it doesn't use costly refills. The lid is quite heavy, so you do have to be careful of your fingers when changing the bags, but that's the only concern I've had with it. When you do open it to change the bags, you may want to do so outside. You'll quickly see just how well it locks the odors in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "THis is the only one I have ever used, and i have to say I LIKE IT! It is easy to use, i just put in a white trash bag and dumped the diaper down the shute. It holds a ton of daipers, and the smell is not bad at all. I did notice now that my daughter is 15 months her poop is stonger and i dont put those in there, due to the smell. But diapers with pee only do not smell at all. The only bad thing is you need to ensure you dont get #2 on the shute or if you do it will stick there. It is really easy to use, and doesn't take up a lot of space."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Diaper Champ came easy to assemble- only took 2 minutes to put together!  The design is simple, yet brilliant, and the odors are sealed inside the Diaper Champ until the bag needs to be changed.  Our baby's room never smells!  We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.  We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We just couldn't bring ourselves to buy a pail that required us to purchase extra refills.  This pail is great.  I do put really dirty diapers into a plastic shopping bag before putting it in the pail, to reduce the chance of nasty seepage and rub-off onto the chamber as the diaper is moved into the bottom.  It is not difficult to open, and the fact that it has a good clasp offers a sense of security for when our little girl starts pulling herself up on things, which will be soon (she's 8 months old).  We change the bag a couple of times a week, and the nursery smells fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love the Diaper Champ!  Everyone I knew had the Diaper Genie but had to buy expensive refills and did not like all the twisting involved.  After reading reviews of the Diaper Champ, I put it on my baby registry and I am glad I did.  It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.  Also, be sure the tabs on soiled diapers are secured to the diaper or they will get stuck up under the cylinder on the way down."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We also wanted the diaper champ instead of the Genie because...who wants to buy special bags??  It is a life saver to just throw in a kitchen garbage bag.  We ended up receiving ours as a hand-me-down, and I was worried that it would smell.  Surprisingly enough - it only starts to smell when it's time to change the bag. And sure enough, the lid would start \"sticking\" right about that time, which told me that the bag was full and it was time to change it (instead of struggling to stuff another couple diapers in).  Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.  Just keep some Lysol wipes by the changing table, and wipe it down if you get anything anywhere. Piece of cake."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The flip action is so easy to use that even your toddler (or your foot) can do it to make diapers and smell disapper.  (Now that my baby is older and stinkier, I notice a faint smell if I stand right over it, but I just sprinkle some baking soda in the bag, or you could but a couple charcoal brickettes in the bottom, or any other of the 101 odor absorbing remedies out there.)And practically speaking, stratch another item off that long baby shopping list--with this you can forget the diaper pail refills and just use the good old kitchen garbage bags that are sitting under your sink."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this diaper pail as opposed to a Diaper Genie because I didn't want to have to purchase refills.  So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.  It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.  I also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the Diaper Champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile I just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.  I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought about getting the diaper genie at first but then did some research. This is the best for your money! Not only was it less expensive than most other diaper pails, it also works the best. The only time smell escapes from it is then you open it to take out the bag. I really love how you don't have to buy bags for it, and that it takes perfectly good trash bags. That will save you a bundle of money alone! It works really great for us and we wouldn't use anything else. I wish it would hold more diapers but I really can't complain. Don't buy anything else!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm not sure about this one.  In concept, it's a fabulous idea.  I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.  I just go to [the store] and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the Diaper Champ.  The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.  In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.  My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor...I'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.  If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have purchased this diaper pail four years ago [I was so disgusted with Diaper Genie we had at the time (not just wasting the money on the refills, but also the smell and having to push & twist was more than I wanted to deal with)].Diaper Champ was so much easier to operate! When my daughter turned one, she started disposing of her diapers herself and she never failed!We used regular grocery bags and changed them twice a week to avoid them getting too full and/or smelly. [We've discovered that regular shopping bags from Target are larger and sturdier than your average grocery bag and we're now using them with daughter #2, replacing them once a week]. We have NEVER had any problems with DiaperChamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001! It's virtually indestructible, easy to wash and operate, doesn't cost you any more money than you initially pay for it, and it DOES NOT SMELL!I would highly recommend this product to anyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this diaper Champ. I got it as a shower gift and hadent heard of it before but when I started using it I had to tell all my friends. This will definatly be my gift of choice from now on to all my pregnant friends. As other reviews say the smell isnt that great when it gets full but its not that bad (I see it as a hint the bag is full and its time to change). I also spray the inside w/ febreeze or lysol disinfectant during each change and that nips the problem in the bud. Overall, Its one of those things that I cant live without but didnt know it until I got it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this! I was hesitant to buy too since the \"sheet\" is expensive and hardly a \"sheet\" at all. But once I used it, it made changing the crib in the middle of the night speedy, letting baby and ME get back to sleep quicker.First off, it is soft to lay on, absorbant and waterproof. If baby's diaper leaks it only gets on this sheet. You can take the sheet off easily by just removing the snaps attached around your crib slats. We have our crib matress dressed in an additional regular crib sheet underneath with a cheap matress pad below it. This allows us to make it thru the night without having to make a full crib linen change--- at least until morning.I will certainly buy this as my gift to all my friends baby showers!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our son uses the babi italia pinehurst classic crib...bought the ultimate crib sheet for it but it doesn't fit the crib very well. It is good for backup use if my other regular sheets are in the wash though. It just has problems fitting around the big 4 corner crib rails so I am forced to attach the snaps on the regular rails instead which makes the sheet not be able to stretch to look completely flat.Today I just found another use out of it though after feeling that it was a waste to buy this. My son has been pulling up to stand and teething on the top side rails and actually made teeth marks with paint coming off! AH!  So I improvised and used this crib sheet to cover the top rail, it fit perfectly in length and snaps perfectly together to stay on.  It would have cost about the same price to buy an actual[...] rail cover so it works out.  He usually only teethes on 1 side too!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this based on good reviews in the Baby Bargains book, so I had high expectations. It does make it somewhat easier to change sheets in the middle of the night, but you still have to unsnap it from about 10 places on the crib to do so; I've also found the snaps a little difficult to engage. If you're not using crib bumpers, the look of all the elastic pieces on the crib slats isn't too attractive. I'm glad to have one of these, but it isn't the miracle sheet I hoped for."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The baby isn't here yet.  But we've bought a couple of these.  I'm a tad hesitant because they don't fit very well on our convertable crib.  They do give instuctions, saying to just use a slate next to the thickers corner one(for convertable cribs), but I find it fits very awkwardly.  However taking the whole crib apart(with the bumper being a huge deal, also to get on, considering the thick corner posts), it makes me want to cry to think I'd have to do this very often.  So, we'll give these a shot.  I may end up doing the zip on sheet set, which would work with any crib, and seems like a dream.  I've also heard great things about those.  I just didn't want to invest in that, if I could get away with these.  Will let you all know, if these turn out to be a disaster."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really wish that I had this when my son was a newborn and all those midnight crib cya gongs could have been avoided. This is a really great and easy to use product. It is definitely one of the first things that I recommend to parents and I'm glad that we will have it around for our second child. Make sure tha you buy a backup one or teo for those late night changings. This came in very handy when our 18 month old went through potty training and just for any other leakages or accidents that kids sometimes have.My only complaint was that when we washed these in the wash, some of the snaps would break off. also, on a side note, as cheap as these are from Amazon, I have also been able to find the same brand at TJMaxx and Marshalls for half the price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thoroughly enjoy this product. It covers the full top surface of the crib, give or take an inch. My daughter has used 3 of these over the last 3 months. The upper material is soft and smooth with adequate middle absorption so that it catches excess moisture. I used one on her crib on top of a decorative sheet, another doubled over in her playpen under a practical sheet (since the playpen pad can't be easily washed), and a third to replace whichever one she soiled most recently. I have not yet had any problems with her getting underneath it. The snaps work well on small crib rails. They may not fit around larger crib posts. I highly recommend this to any new mother with an appropriate crib. At 3am, I love not having to wrestle with the crib mattress."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for the Ultimate Crib Sheet after reading reviews in books and online.  All the praise is accurate!!!  It's better than the standard sheet savers because it covers the entire top of the matress - not just one part.  It snaps securely in place and can be changed in seconds!  I keep the regular crib sheet on the mattress for looks only (matches bumper and skirt) - baby never actually comes in contact with it.  Get two or three Ultimate Crib Sheets for easy changes - SO much easier to change than the regular sheets...removing and replacing the bumper for those sheet changes is a huge pain and time consuming.  This product makes cleaning up so easy!  The only drawback is that it only comes in white, but since it can only be seen looking INTO the crib, it not a big issue for me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are the only sheets I have ever used in my son's crib. I bought one regular sheet to cover the mattress, and I've never taken it off. I just use my Ultimate Crib Sheets. I have three; I would recommend that number. I can't imagine how much of a pain it would be to have to lift the crib mattress up to change sheets...this is just SO EASY snap, snap, snap and you're done!I never dry mine in the dryer. I hang it on a drying rack and it's usually dry after a few hours. I want mine to last, and using the dryer tends to wear them out. I've never not had one on hand, with 3 total."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought this looked wonderful in the store so I registered for a couple.  Afterwards I attempted to put a cute sheet and mattress pad in the crib... such a chore!  I started using these and haven't had to change the cute sheet since.  It's so easy to just snap on and not fuss with anything else.  It's a soft sheet on top, an absorbent layer in the middle, and a waterproof vinyl back so nothing leaks through.  I've changed it in the middle of the night in a couple minutes tops... it washes up great with my baby's normal laundry too!  I highly recommend these sheets."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The strings ripped off when I tried to pull it off of the crib. I also didn't like the idea of this being on top of the mattress and crib sheets. So it might be a good idea if you don't have a great baby mattress or aren't into decorating the baby space. At first I thought this product was clever, but once I got it I realized how useless it was. It's so easy to take the crib sheet off of my baby's crib, so I really never needed this."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great product!  Buy two and put them both in the crib.  When your little one leaks in the night, just unsnap and toss the dirty one aside, and you'll have a clean one underneath.  As far as the snaps falling off, my son had pyloric stenosis (severe vomiting requiring surgery) and I washed these 3 or 4 times a day for weeks.  Never once did I have any of the permanent snaps fall (there are two completely detachable snaps on the ends that I don't even use).  I even washed and dried on the normal cycle (not gentle) in warm water (not cold, as is recommended)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this, put it on the crib, took one look at it, took it off, and returned it.  I have a standard 28x52 crib and this was too big for it--it bunched and wouldn't lay flat.  Also the snaps didn't match up well w/ my cribs slats and even if they did they were too long to actually be safe and secure.  This mattress pad/sheet creates an unsafe environment.  My daughter slept w/ us or a bassinet until she was 3 months old and by then the diaper leaks and constant spit up were behind us so I don't have to change her ordinary crib sheet that often anyway."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Lifesaver for this middle of the might diaper leaks! It's always a pain to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night, but this makes it so much easier. I just put it on top of his regular sheet (which is over a waterproof mattress pad). He occasionally has a diaper leak. When he does, I simply unsnap the ultimate crib sheet (there are roughly 10 snaps to keep it in place) and let him sleep the rest of the night on his regular sheet. The snaps can be a little tricky to remove with one hand (say when you're holding a baby), but I generally start unsnapping while he is still in the crib."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my newborn was in her Co-Sleeper, changing wet bedding every morning was no big deal -- but a move to the crib meant a HUGE daily struggle to disassemble the bumper, manhandle the mattress and strip the sheet and mattress pad, then reverse the whole process after washing and drying. The Ultimate Crib Sheet is truly that: just undo a few snaps and toss it in the wash. It's soft and durable, and your expensive bedding and mattress pad stay fresh and dry. In hindsight, wish I'd had several of these on my registry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pad has worked well for my son. He is 3.5 years old and we are trying to potty train him through the night. It's nice not to have to wash an entire sheet and mattress pad every time he has a small accident. It has never leaked and it's been washed many times and still retains its waterproof quality. The only reason I took off one star is because it's a little stiff and he was resistant to having it on his bed at first. He got used to it and now it is working fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Yes, my spring broke as well... but looking on the brighter side: when my son is old enough to walk he won't be able to accidently press the spring button to release the pail cover... it's kind of an unexpected safety feature! And yes, you can still open it with one hand... your fingers are not glued to one another. Really, diapers will stink no matter what pail you use.... The covered pail is cheap and doesn't require buying refill bags (especially since we use cloth diapers)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Initially my husband and I decided not to purchase a diaper pail because we wondered what was the point, diapers stink and no matter how much money one spends on a diaper pail it's going to emit odors and smell bad. Then, when we were changing diapers ten times a day we decided it would probably be easier to have one, especially for the middle of the night diaper changes. Several of my friends disapproved of the Diaper Genie and recommended we purchase an inexpensive diaper pail that uses regular garbage bags. We took that advice and selected the Safety 1st diaper pail and we are pleased with the product. Odor-Less - No. We empty it as needed, usually once a week, and realize it's a diaper pail - just as our garbage pail in the Kitchen needs to be emptied daily someday so will the diaper pail. I place an aroma jell in the little basket which helps with the odor."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My little guy is very active and loves to get into trouble. We only have a couple items plugged into an outlet that isn't covered by furniture so I purchased these to make sure he couldn't pull the plug out of the wall and get shocked. They are wonderful and I feel much safer letting my little guy explore the house. Even though I am never too far away our let him out of sight he still manages to get into things. He is so fast and just a little distraction could be fatal. But I don't have to worry about the plugs anymore! One less worry and just the little bit of stress relief that makes this purchase very easy for me to recommend it to all parents."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are fine for standard, thin power cords.  We have had one in place that the kids have never dislodged despite two years of trying.  But they will not close over the heavy, thick cords like those for microwaves, computers, or power bars.  We finally ended up attaching ours to the wall with duct tape to cover those cords.I am giving this three stars because it does work fairly well for thin cords, and because I have yet to see anything better out there.  My advice?  Invest in duct tape."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had a couple major issues with this outlet cover.#1: The screw that probably is in your existing wall outlet covers is not long enough to accommodate this outlet cover. They made it much thicker than the outlet cover it replaces so for me, I need to go purchase a handful of screws.#2: Box is not big enough to accommodate ANYTHING except basic, small, two-prong plugs. So what won't fit? Our laptops, our phone charger (Samsung Galaxy has a small box that plugs into wall), iPod chargers, computer charger, power strip plug, light dimming plug attached to lamp, DSLR charger, baby sound machine, Verizon Fios plugs. Well crap... what appliance plugs DID fit, you ask? A lamp. Just one lamp. Oh, and the electric toothbrushes.Useless, sending them back. The Safety 1st units are square (not pyramid shaped) and hold various plugs."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These were a complete hassle to pry apart just to install them.  My mom and I each held a side and pulled, but nothing.  I finally had to shove in the latches as far as I could to get them apart.  Since that seems to be the only way to take the cover off, I had to leave the latches pushed in, defeating the purpose of keeping kids from pulling them off.  Definitley something I would use as a permanent fixture.  It's too much of a hassle to take it off every time you need to plug something in.  I plugged in what I needed to and have not intention of switching them up."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a perfect baby proofing tool.  The strip cover will cover most standard sized power strips.  There is a hole on the side for the power strip to plug into the outlet and a wide opening on top for it to connect to the devices plugged into it.  It is really easy to put together- just snap shut in 3 places.  It is also easy to adjust as there is a button on the side that allows you to slide it between different sizes.  Overall, best power strip cover I've seen."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Really? How could this possibly be useful? I saw somebody else post that the baby's hand can fit inside and I thought they were exaggerating. Really, I can reach my fingers in easily or poke a metal object through even easier. The baby's whole hand fits through the giant gap. Plus the thing is huge. Like almost as big as a shoe box. And really ugly. I don't know what we'll replace it with since the others don't sound better, but I know there is no point in decorating my living room with baby proofing for show. There's no way I could leave baby in there with this while I was out of the room, so I might as well just leave the cords as is."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This works pretty well to keep little hands from grabbing power strips. It also has the option of hanging it on the wall which I really like. The things I was not happy about was the quality of the plastic seems flimsy and also if you have to hook it on the last hole due to the size of your power strip it barely stays together. For our longest strip we had to duct tape around the entire device to make sure it stays together. Other than that it's a decent little contraption that does its job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This cover works well for my power strips -- all the ones in my house fit. Also, I like that it doesn't matter how big the plugs are that you have in the power strip, it holds them (those large converter plugs that won't fit is so many child proof products fit fine in this one.My child is 10 months and hasn't messed with these yet, so I can't say how they will hold up with a larger toddler. However, I was concerned she'd try to put her hand in the slot that cords come out of and that hasn't happened yet. You still have to manage how the cords coming out of this cover are child-proofed. There is some space to roll up excess slack and stuff it into the cover."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Although the design of these is to wind the cord shorter, when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer. I left a room for 30 seconds and came back to see that my son had pulled the cord down and had it wrapped around his neck. Terrifying. Although these do pop open easily, they most definitely did not pop open from the pressure of a child's neck which I find to be a SERIOUS design flaw. From a company named Safety 1st - back to the drawing board on these!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's pretty hard to find a great oven lock.  This one had terrible reviews, but was the kind we needed for our new oven (a side lock).  We've been using it for 9 months, and my toddler (who is now almost 2) seems quite safe.  She's pulled on the handle of the oven a few times (and we've told her \"no\", which she seems to accept most of the time) and the lock has stayed put.  She's tried to operate the lock a few times, and has not been successful at that either.  I can see a toddler who is very interested in the lock being able to figure it out, but she has been easily diverted from it.It's held up great, and I don't find it too cumbersome to lock/unlock it whenever I use the oven (which is pretty often - I cook a lot). I have no complaints."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These locks just cannot be beat.  They were featured on HGTV to baby-proof your house which is how I found out about them in the first place.  They cannot be opened at ALL by the child, unlike many of the other items out there.  You have to not only have the key to open the door, you have to know how to manipulate it to open.  If you have chemicals that you have store within a child's reach, there is no other better way than this lock to make SURE that child is safe.  I feel very blessed that I found out these locks exist because my little one is extremely curious and figures out EVERYTHING! Trust me, you won't be disappointed.  Regarding the installation, my husband is not a handyman - he's a musician and if he can figure it out, so can just about anyone else.  Buy them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have these locks installed on our cabinets in our home. I've tried other brands without success.. my kids always figure a way to get in. With this system, they can try all they want but they cannot get in. Sometimes the doors require pressing to open, but after I figured it out.. I never have an issue opening the doors. This will be the system of choice in any additional homes we buy later on... I don't think I'd ever want to change after having such a positive experience. I would definitely recommend this to a friend or family member, without hesitation!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is simply a great product.  It is installed inside the cabinet so there is nothing to see from the front.  The newer models work even easier than the original ones we purchased years ago.  They open easily when the magnet is put near (don't even need to touch the cabinet door).  We use these in several places over the house and love the convenience, but piece of mind it gives.  They are also pretty strong - our 3 1/2 year old pulls and tries to open sometimes and has not broken or pulled open any drawer.NOTE - The old version needed a drill to make a small hole on the lock which sits inside the door, but the newer ones like this no longer require that hole to be made. These work better and are easier to install - just need a screwdriver and a few minutes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was a product that I used when I worked in child care and I always liked the fact that it is &#34;invisible&#34; and is not an obvious eye-sore on your cabinets. But when I tried to install on my sink cabinet, one side worked like a charm and the other side just won't work. I can find no discernible reason for this and it is very frustrating. The two parts line up fine, but they won't latch. And the two cabinet sides were installed what seems like identically to me, but apparently not. In my opinion, it shouldn't be this difficult to make accurate measurements to ensure that the product will work. It might just be my cabinets, but they are not anything crazy or out of the ordinary. I am frustrated that I will have to drill more holes into my cabinet and there is no guarantee that it will work!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received a different nail clipper as a baby shower gift. It had a plastic cover over the top of the cutting end of the clipper, similar to this one, but with a plain white handle instead of the cute bumble bee:Sassy: Bumble Bee Nail Clippers. It was terrible. I couldn't see my baby's finger nails at all and it wasn't sharp enough.Then I used this Safety 1st Nail Clipper at my mother's house. It was so much easier to use than the other one. The size is perfect for her little fingers. I could easily see my baby's nails and clip them without fear of cutting her. The handle fits nicely in my hand. And the blade is sharp enough to cut the nail off in one clip. I bought one for myself and it's the only one I'll use now."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When I bought this item, I thought this was a really clever way to take a baby's temperature.  I use this thermometer only on occasion.  It's convenient, but it requires about 3 minutes before a final temperature is reached.  It requires that your baby keep it in his mouth for that long.  It's getting harder for my baby to accept this \"pacifier\", now that she is on the larger, 6-month-plus sized pacifiers.  Also, check with your doctor about how to take accurate readings: our pediatrician said that a rectal thermometer was the most accurate for the early weeks of her life."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My baby is two years old now and he loves his pacifiers. I bought this when I was pregnant because I thought it would be a brilliant way to measure a babys temperature but I was wrong... As a new mom I was wrong about a number of things... this was one of them. No baby is going to keep a pacifier in his mouth long enough to actually get the temperature measured if it is not his (her) pacifier that he (she) loves and always uses. Any baby will identify this as a strange object and spit it out immediately, its too heavy. Especially if the baby is not feeling well. Don't buy this. Get a real thermometer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My Grandmother got this tub for my 3 month old son to use while visiting. It isn't as spacious as the tub we use at home, which is a little smaller than most tubs, but it folds up nicely, and it feels very safe and sturdy-not flimsy at all. I use both tubs in the big bathtub, so leaking isn't a problem for me. My son seems comfortable, but he prefers to have more water to splash in than this one holds. This tub is great for grandma's house, or if space is tight."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This tub has proven very handy.  My son got his first bath in it at only 3 days old.  I admit, that was a little tricky.  However, in no time we had it down and I was able to bathe him easily anywhere.  Usually we take the bath on his bedroom floor.  I like the portability and the fact that it can fold up and fit under the bathroom counter, since his bathroom is also the guest bathroom.  I also like the little section in the front.  That's where I put the soapy water.  It's easy to rinse him off with a little watering can.  The tub has been great, but now that my son is 17 lbs. it's getting small.  I will be looking for another bath aid soon, but I'll miss this handy tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this tub before my son was born, thinking it looked great and I could use it in the kitchen sink.  I do like that I can use it in the sink, but he's not a super long baby and his little feet always get stuck in the grooves where the tub folds!  It doesn't hold much water, either.  I wish I had read reviews before I bought it, because now, after only 2 months, I'm just going to replace it and throw it away.  What a waste!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using this tub since my sons very first bath. At first he hated to take a bath and now he loves it. I love the fact that it folds up very easily and will fit into a closet when folded. I have never had a problem with it growing mold or smelling musty. After the bath I wipe it dry with a towel fold it up and put it in the closet. I also have a newborn to toddler tub, which is very large and I have nowhere to store it.I have never had a problem with it leaking. As long as you don't overfill it, it works just fine. I find this tub to be better than the more expensive ones. The only problem I have is that my six month old son is too big for this tub, but at $12.99, is that really such a big deal? I feel I got my moneys worth out of it. If you are looking for a tub that is safe and easy to store I recommend this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My mom got this tub for my daughter right after she was born.  We have used it since she was able to take a bath, and she's 4 months old.  I liked that it could be folded, but I never actually put it away unless we have company since I use it daily.  It does leak at the hinges.  My daughter is very comfortable in it.  Since she was born in the winter, I gave her a bath in the bathroom so that I could get it really warm.  It does fit in the kitchen sink though.  I still give her her bath in the bathroom, and just sit her tub in the big tub.  It uses less water, her head is elevated, and she's a little higher.  She hasn't outgrown it yet, and has plenty of room. It is a great tub, and a great price!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this as a shower gift. The first time I used the tub my baby kept slipping around in the tub. She wound up sideways in it during the entire bath and I never used it again. I would just as soon put her into the bathtub and put a couple of inches of water into the tub and bathe my baby that way rather than put her into this contraption. I am a RN and quite used to giving baths in different settings so it is not inexperience talking here. I currently put her on the safer bather (read my review) or put her in the tub alone. Baby loves bathtime and is 6 months old.Lets just say that this tub is downstairs with the rest of the lawnsale stuff for this year....."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I haven't had problems with this tub.... I used another tub for my son for the first 3 months, and that tub became too small, so I purchased this one.  I'm so glad I did.At 3 months, my son was large for his age, but unable to sit up yet, so this tub was perfect.I've given it 4 stars instead of 5 because I agree with the other comments that it is not easily collapsible to store, and it is bulky, but we simply let it dry in the bathroom overnight and store it under his crib during the day - so space turned out to not be so much of a problem.I have had no issues with the tub leaking though.  Once it is completely extended, there is a good seal and it does not leak.I have and will continue to recommend this tub to all my friends.It's accomodating for longer than any tub out there.well worth the money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I looked everywhere for a tub without all the grooves for baby's body - I wanted something that would submerge nicely from the neck down and this looked like it would do the trick. Unfortunately, it doesn't hold any water to submerge anything than perhaps the feet. Leaks horribly, bulky - we gave up, returned it, and now we just bath with baby. Nothing works better than you own hands on your slippery baby anyway, and you can avoid sore knees from bathroom tile and stiff back from bending over the tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've only used this tub a handful of times because our son is only 3 weeks old. I have not had any problems with the tub leaking. But like I said, we've only used it a handful of times. I definately don't think this tub is appropriate for small babies. The tub has absolutely no support for his head OR his body. It takes my husband AND I to bathe him b/c the tub offers no help. It would be just as easy to put him in our full size bath tub. I wouldn't recommend this tub for small babies."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I pressed and clicked the correct spot like it said in the directions and yet it still leaks. This was a problem because i used it on the kitchen counters for the first week. I had to put towels under it to absorb all the water. So i moved it upstairs to the bathtub and this way i don't have to worry about all the leaks. Really, who wants a tub that leaks???? My daughter is not yet sitting up on her own and yet she is too long to be reclined comfortably in this tub....so we are in an awkward transition phase. a phase that this tub doesn't suitably deal with. I wouldn't buy this tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Not sure why this got bad reviews.  There is a slight issue with locking the tub in the expanded position, if you don't snap it in right, it will leak.  But once we figured that out we had no problems.  We used the product starting at about 8 weeks when our son outgrew the sink but was too tiny for the tub and we stuck this tub right on our countertop for months with no problem.  Now we use it in our regular tub and it saves us from having to waste a tubful of water for one tiny person to bathe.  Our son is now almost one and he still loves this tub, great value!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was so excited when I recieved this tub thinking it would last for years. Well, first you can NOT use it in your home bathtub, because the suction cups will not adhere to a non-slip surface. Most tubs are non-slip, that's what the little bumps are for in your tub. This was fine though, I planned to use it on our kitchen counter. No matter how hard I pressed on the middle \"locking\" device water always leaked out onto the counter and floor. This tub is more trouble than it's worth!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this tub as a gift at my baby shower.  I looked at it and thought what a great idea for a tub.  Wrong!!  First of all, the tub leaks.  You cannot let go of the baby for one second beacause they will slide.  My son absolutely hated bath time until I bought the seat that sits in the bath tub and now he is happy.  The sides of the ramp are hard and if they move there head to quickly they could hurt themselves.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought 2 of these, and used them to block off the computer desk from the rest of the family room, and to block off the 7' wide archway between the kitchen and the rest of the house. We soon found that while these are very sturdy and adaptable, they are tall enough that they are a hassle to step over. At least once a week, my husband or I will catch a toe or scrape a shin stepping over. So if you intend to use this fence as a corral, either indoors or out, this is a Great Buy. If you are planning to use it as a fence to block off a wide opening, pay the extra money for the metal version with the gate. you (and your toes) will be much happier."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When our son started rolling into chairs, we knew we needed something to keep him safe.  This play yard fits great in our living room, yet there's plenty of room for him to roll around in all directions.  Also, I like that it's see-thru.  You can see  your baby (and he can see you) from across the room.  I don't care that it's not the most attractive thing.  It was affordable and it does the job.  And when our son starts crawling, we can completely close it and know that he won't be able to sneak off.  One suggestion I would make to the manufacturer though would be to pad or provide padding around the bottom, about six inches high.  My son falls asleep with his head on the edge all the time (NOT very comfortable), and when I move him away from it, he wakes up.  It'd be nice to not have to move him."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is one of only a few products my husband and I would buy again with no hesitation.  We bought it over a year ago (with the extension) and have used it every day since.  When my daughter outgrew the octoganal arrangement, we just opened it up and have used it to block her from the kitchen and other dangerous areas.  She is not a climber yet, so I do NOT recommend using it in this fashion if your child is.  It will tip over, the circular formation is the sturdiest.  We haven't had any problems with pieces breaking off or the plastic being brittle and we adjust it almost daily.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was initially given this product as a gift for my 9 pound chihuahua. It's great in the sense that it contains him very well. He is very active and likes to jump very high, but he can not jump over the gate. He tries to push the gate in attempt to escape but the gate does not move. The gate is high enough so that he can not jump over. It contains his crate, wee-wee pad and food bowl with plenty of room for him to play around in. I bought a second one to use as a gate to keep him from going up our stairs. Very sturdy product and we plan on using this also when we have kids. One drawback is the gate is a little difficult to open at times in case you want to just walk in. But I guess that is the good thing also so who ever you have inside can't get out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this for my 4-month old son. He is very fussy baby but when I played the music on this cube, he loved it. The best sounds he liked were the flute, piano and the Orchestra. The Best thing about this Music cube is that you can play one instrument at a time and then the final orchestra one to kind of show the music-mix.I believe it will help develop my baby's musical skills.Cons: The battery didn't last long. We used it for 30 days, for about 10 min each day and the battery died down!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We ordered this toy from Drugstore.com, which showed a picture of an older model, not the new \"upgraded\" toy. The idea of this toy is intriguing but the actual execution of the idea is less than stellar. The \"music\" is tinny and unattractive. Apparently, the older model had better sound quality, which is why I went with this vendor. However, communicating with Drugstore.com and the whole return process is a significant hassle. The also blamed the deceptive picture they used on a glitch with the manufacturer.  I would actually recommend either getting a used model with all purple corners (the older model) or buying  it at a brick and mortar location so you can actually listen to it. If you are going to purchase on Amazon, consider another vendor. Very disappointed. I will not do business with this vendor again."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this as a baby shower gift and my son has loved it since he was about 3 months old.  At first, he was fascinated with looking at the lights and hearing the music.  But as he got older, he learned how to play with it more.  He is now almost 18 months and he knows which songs he likes over other ones.  He will hit the blue button multiple times till he gets to the song he wants to hear.  I love that he loves this toy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I know it says that this is for older babies but my daughter loves looking at the blinking lights and listening to the music. A piece of advice: it took me a little while to figure out that you had to press the orchestra button a few times to change the song. Before I figured this out, the same song was driving me crazy! The only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it does not have a volume control button. It is quite loud and I sometimes wish I can make it lower."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 4-5 month old baby loves this toy.  It is very easy to press the buttons and activate the sounds, so even very young, uncoordinated babies can get this toy to make noise.  As she gets older, she can use the cube to learn about different kinds of sounds and about colors.  For now, though, she just likes to chew on the corners and is delighted whenever the music starts playing.I am giving this four stars instead of five because the cube is secured to its packaging with wire-like pieces of plastic that protrude from the toy.  It is actually very difficult (and maybe impossible) to remove these pieces entirely from the toy, and that presents a danger of poked eyes and scratches.  Eventually, we had to cut the plastic ties very close to the toy and then push the raw ends into the toy, where they still are (and we hope they stay there).  There seems to be no way to remove them entirely."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great transitional toy. We've had it since my son was tiny - as an infant, he liked to look at the lights and colors. At 18 months, he dances to the music and loves pressing the buttons. I don't think he fully gets the concept of adding and removing instruments to the orchestra yet, so once he figures that out, we'll have many more months of fun with the music cube. The music is pleasant - my only complaint is that it only has one volume setting.One word of caution, if you have a climber - this toy makes a great stepping stool for toddlers who like to climb out of their cribs. :)We love the music cube - highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My husband, son and I all LOVE this toy. My niece had it before, so I knew it was a must-have with my little guy already. I love that he (1 year old) can be exposed to fun classical music with a toy that engages him. He loves that it all lights up (when the buttons on any side are pressed) and he has fun pressing the buttons on the different sides and seeing and hearing the difference it makes (pressing one side engages or unengages the instrument during the song).  An added BIG PLUS for parents - it does have an \"off\" switch. :)  SO key, even for those of us who appreciate the value and fun of noisy kiddo toys... there is still a time/place for quiet.Great, fun toy. :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item has been a life saver for me!  Not only does my child love it but it's the only thing I can distract him with while dressing him (he apparently HATES putting sweaters on). I can hit one of the sides and instantly get flashing lights and music while I try to squeeze a sweater over my child's head. My child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.  The music is good and there are a lot of different choices."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Fine toy, nice sound.  Much better than most other musical toys.  But I can't give it to my son yet as I can't seem to get these damned wires from the packaging out of the toy.  They are threaded through these tiny holes in the product and I haven't yet gone out to get pliers as someone else suggested.  You shouldn't need pliers to free a toy from its packaging.  Obviously the manufacturer didn't receive the memo that we are pushing for frustration free packaging. I even took out the screws that access the battery pack (which I am quite impressed with as well), hoping to access where the wires are stuck.  No luck.  If they just used regular string, it would easily come out, but these plastic coated wires are too stiff to pull through in the manner that they have put them."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After looking for a musical toy that was not annoying, off-key or obnoxious, we discovered this.  Plays several songs by Mozart; baby can play a song with all instruments at once by pressing \"orchestra\" or one at a time.  Baby can also turn off instruments one at a time. The instruments are clearly synthesized, but still, the quality is not bad and I could listen to it for long periods of time.  I have yet to be annoyed by this toy.  In fact, I may have to buy two - my twins fight over it constantly!  My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that it's a little bit loud.  I wish there was a volume control."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This toy keeps my 4-month old's attention for a while - she really seems to like the flashing lights as the music plays.I only wish there was a volume button on it - it seems a bit loud to me (and if it seems loud to me wouldn't it seem loud to the baby as well?), and I wish it weren't quite so heavy.  It will be a long time before my baby will be able to turn the cube or pick it up, for now it just sits on the floor between her legs and she's able to hit the buttons that are facing up/out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think a lot of kids these days have this toy. It's quite popular. All my friends with babies have it.It's a toy providing light entertainment.I'm a trained musician and I disagree with some reviews saying that the quality of the sound is poor. Trust me, for a toy it's totally fine. You can still tell the instruments apart. You can't expect your baby to become a little Mozart just by listening to this cube 5 minutes a day anyway.Everything seems to function well. It's safe. I'm not scared to turn away for 30 seconds. I know that there are no sharp edges and my baby won't hurt herself.I'm not sure this toy carries a lot of educational / developmental value but it's nice."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 4 year old son spotted this toy while we were out shopping for my 4 month old daughter. He couldn't help but play with this in the store and I thought that since my baby loves music so much she would probably enjoy this. I was a little put off by the price. (I paid a bit more than it is here) but it was worth it! My daughter was totally fascinated by the flashing lights and music and I even found myself and my son playing with it together! I'm sure as she gets older, she will really enjoy how interactive it is. Such a cool toy. And the best part? Unlike many other toys that make noise, this one is not annoying at all! The instruments sound so realistic that it's enjoyable to listen to. I would recommend this and will probably give as a baby gift in the future."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got it for my 1 year old son.  He likes to push the buttons and listen to the music.  It's sturdy.  He's thrown it a few times already, and it bounced off the hardwood and still works fine.My only qualm with it is that it sounds like the batteries are dying.  Some of the music just isn't the greatest sounding.  Now, he doesn't care, but as a parent who gets to listen to this for seemingly hours when it's his toy of interest, it becomes grating.  I changed out the batteries and it sounded the same.  :-/Given that I know this, I also know that he loves playing with it, and that outweighs my feelings.  I'd get it again in a heartbeat if we ever lost this!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had high hopes for this item based on other reviews, but it was a huge letdown.  It plays one tune with different instruments, and it is too loud for a baby.  With a music background, I really want to expose my son to beautiful, classical music.  This is not the item to do that with.  I will keep looking for other musical toys with more variety and sophistication.Update:  This is still my least favorite toy, mainly due to the volume.  I wish I could turn it down.  Thanks to a helpful comment, I did manage to play all the tunes and felt fairly silly not reading the directions beforehand.  I sill stick with my original rating, though.  There are just so many better toys out there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Based on the myriad of reviews here, I purchased this toy when my triplets were several months old.  To be honest, they did not care for or notice it until they were closer to 8 or 9 months.  At that point, they realized they could start and stop the music by hitting at it.  All of a sudden, they took great interest in it.  It was also excellent when they were just learning to sit unassisted.  They could lean forward and balance on the cube while playing at the same time.Now that they have \"figured\" it out, the toy is a little less appealing.  I am waiting for the next enjoyment phase to kick in when they start noticing and playing with the different instruments.My only complaint, and it is a minor one, is that battery life is shorter than I would have expected.  While not bad, it seems to slow down more quickly than our other battery operated toys."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This does fit on an elongated toilet seat, but it slides around. It wouldn't dump my kid in or anything, but the slipping might startle a child. I may see if I can find some sort of anti-slip stickers. I did not bother with the splash guard, I just threw it out. It looked flimsy and unnecessary. My daughter loves the SpongeBob theme. I'm not so fond of the vinyl seat, as my daughter's hiney sticks to it and is a little uncomfortable when she gets up. But, it's cheap enough and serves its purpose - allowing my daughter to sit on the big potty without falling in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "this is a good toilet ring, but ONLY if you have the smallest, round toilet seats.  the package blatantly lies in saying that it fits elongated seats - it will fit, but it'll also slide around and leave large gaps.  my home has a mix of elongated/round seats, and i found that the baby bjorn rung is the best for the larger bowls.  we use that for our elongated seats, and this ring for the tiny toilet that's in the hallway.  otherwise this ring - which can not be adjusted to fit - will slide around a lot and feel very unstable when you're trying to toilet train."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The toilet set is nice.  Other reviewers had complained that it did not fit on their toilet seats but I have three different toilets and it works on all three.  It is a nice design and my son love that Thomas, Percy, & James are all on his potty seat.  The one problem is that it does not have a splash guard.  The packaging says it was supposed to have a splash guard and handle to hang on the toilet handle.  It did not come with either of these and when I contacted the seller she claimed they were not supposed to come with the seat.  According to the packaging and description they were!  My son was attached as soon as it saw it so I couldn't return it.  Check when you buy one of these.  If you have a boy you may not want to buy this unless it has the splash guard."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I just started potty training my two year old son and I found the Thomas potty seat to be a great incentive. The seat is cushioned so it's nice and comfortable and it fits nicely on most seats. It's also compact enough to fit in the diaper bag if you want to take it on the go. For boys, it does come with a splash guard. The padded part of the seat lifts up and it gets inserted between the plastic and padding. It stays in place most of the time, but it is easy to misplace. I would have preferred it to be permanently attached, but aside from that I am happy with this purchase."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got two of these for relatively cheap. In concept, it's great. We have one at our house and it fits all of the toilets (we have 2 toto toilets, one Kohler and one other brand (not sure which) and it fits fine). My in laws have one at their house that we leave there and their toilets are round seats (Kohler and American Standard). We've never had any fit problems.The problem is the design. Pee trickles between the plastic and the cushion and pools there. Even if you clean it regularly, it smells NASTY. If you forget to clean it, next time you pick it up, the nasty pee drips everywhere.I am in the process of ordering a different one so that I can get rid of this one. Gross."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this product because it was advertised to have a built-in splash shield, which many don't. I specifically researched and looked for one with that for my little girl. It says it has one and the picture shows it. However, the actual product does not have one. I opened the package, thinking it might be inside the wrapping,but no, it wasn't. Now, I'm out $15 and still have to look for another one.Two days later: I am adding this note on and raising my rating from one star to four stars. After I wrote the above review, amazon contacted me within 24 hours and offered me a refund, even if I wanted to keep the item. I was so surprised by the generosity of that offer. Amazon once again has proved itself excellent in customer satisfaction and really checked the reviews to see if they could make the situation better. I really appreciate that and love amazon all the more for it. Thank you, amazon."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I know the dimensions are listed, but for some reason I was surprised at how big/long the caterpillar is.  Because it is not like a big stuffed animal (long and thin) it was very easy for my 4 month old to hug and hold.  He can easily pull it to his mouth to bite on it.  He's almost 6 months now and can focus on one area or another...it is still big for him.  So I can see how for the next few months, he'll still be interested because it is big and he can do more and more with it.  my 2 year old niece visited and latched onto it and began imagination play."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think there was so much written about this that my head probably over rated it and now I'm discontent. My kids doesn't even look at it unless I'm on all fours like a dog and carrying it in my mouth. But, really, I don't think he's looking at the worm at all but thinking, &#34;Mommy has gone bow wow wow crazy.&#34; It's soft and not even cute. Just, it is. That's it. No magic, just what you see people. If what you see on the screen isn't making you scream and yell, it'll probably get the same reaction. You want more, prepare to crawl and bark."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have four different gates in my house, and this, by far, is the most secure and stable. Therefore, it's at the top of my stairs... the most important place. I feel like I could even sit on that gate, and it's no going to budge.When we have guests over, they have trouble opening it, because you have to squeeze really hard, but I like that I have to squeeze really hard... it keeps my child who is now a clever 3.5 year old from being able to open it do this day."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this gate!  We purchased two, one for the top of the stairs and one for downstairs.  Let me tell you a few reasons why this will be the only baby gate we will buy.1.  You can take the gate part off when not needed, yet it is safe enough for the top of the stairs.2.  Even 5 year olds still cannot open it.  All other baby gates become useless as soon as the kids figure out how it works.3.  You can buy extra sets of hardware to move the gate around depending on the circumstances.4.  It's so cheap!These are just the top few reasons why we love this gate.  Give it a try."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We currently live in housing on base in Germany and the stairs are very wide and unusual. I got this gate since it is made for the top of the stairs and was wide enough for our staircase. It works great! I love that it slides to the side as well as opens. Was a breeze to install and I feel really safe with the fact that it is a really great hardware mount. No complaints here my son is 10 months and pulls up on everything so it is nice to know he is safe! The one hand open is really simple and I like it more than any gate I have seen at friends houses."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this set for my 4 year old and he loves it. The dinosaurs are colorful and there are a lot of them to arrange on the little background. I am happy with the number and look of the dionos, trees and volcanoes. However I give it only 3 stars because the background is small and very flimsy, and the set really smells bad. Every time we open the box there is a very strong unpleasant plastic smell coming from inside the box. Not sure if it's the box it's-self or the contents.  I thought I would air it out a bit so I left the lid off over night, but when I entered the room in the morning the whole room smelled terrible from it. I really don't like the idea of my kid inhaling the fumes of some unknown plastic chemicals each time he opens the set so it now stays open and stored in the garage.  We play with them outside and they work fine for that."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "So the container they come in is a little hard to open and close for small children but no less the fact that it comes in it's own organizational container is very pleasing.  The bottom of each of the dinosaurs states what dinosaur it is a model of. I use a set of flash cards with information about the dinosaurs in combination with these dinosaurs to teach my son while we play. These are nothing more than dinosaur figures but they are very accurate with no odd color combinations like purple with pink spots or something silly like that. They are made of hard durable plastic. I think they are slightly expensive for what they are you can buy similar products at the dollar store but those products like the educational value of these ones.  Overall, I would recommend these my son finds them fun to play with and they stimulate his imagination.  I only give them 4 stars because they are slightly expensive."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son loves to play \"dino world\" just about every day!! The tub is great for storing the set & theres plenty of room for more things.  We keep a bunch of blocks and small cars in there to add tothe scene and creative play.  The mat it comes with is kind of a joke , lasting maybe one day.  But that's no reason to not buy this.Like others, we purchased thise elsewhere for MUCH less than the 60-something Amazon is currently selling it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As I am wtitng this review my 5 year old son just re-discovered this set, since I had it at the top of the closet. He can play hours with this great quality dinosaurs he got for his b-day. He had a few more, big and small ones that he just added to this set, so it is pretty amazing what he does when he's playing with all of them. The quality of the mat is awful, but you really don't need the mat for this set."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I did my research on a walker and decided on this one thankfully. The wheels move great. Very loose. If you get one and the wheels are tight, call Graco and have them replace it. It rolls well on carpet tile and pavement.I love the fact that it has the removeable noise making device with an ON/OFF switch. It takes 3 \"AA\" batteries. It can get dirty on the tray under the noise device too.My 4 mo. old son loves it. I love it. When I go to the gym, I throw it in the back of the truck. Then just take it out of the truck, put the boy in, and roll him right into the gym. He lets me run on the treadmill for an hour when he's in it. Very handy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "How FUN and AWESOME!!! Got this for my grandson and still can't get over how bright and playful this is. Even I want to get in it and play! The built in activities on the side are the best. The squeaker is a bit hard to press and sure you will have to do for baby...but the other toys are super! It was so so so simple to put up!!! Love the bigger size, while not being overwhelming...those smaller play yards just are too small to be used when you need them most..."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I did some research before buying this playard and I am very happy i did.  It is the most colorful out there, easy to assemble and travel with. My baby is very particular, but she loves this playard.  It may to be obvious at first, but each of the walls has a bug with some functions.  for instance, the butterfly has wings that have foil inside to make squishing sound when you touch the,m.  The other bug, when squeezed, makes a sound, the third one, has rattles in its wings, and finally, the sun is a mirror (not a great one though). Given its price and the fact that it is being discontinued, I highly recommend getting one before they are off the market."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have this playpen for about a month now but is still never used by my 6 month old baby. He cries whenever I put him in. I like it because it is huge and cute. What I do not like is that it lacks cushion. It is hard, not soft that I'm afraid when my baby rolls over, e would hurt himself. I am waiting for my baby to grow up a little more, may be he'll like it when he is already able to stand. I hope he would."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this for our 4 month old son and when it arrived I opened it up myself and didnt read the directions at first I got frustrated since I couldnt get it together then read them and voila it took me and a freind about 3 minutes to set it up! Our son is past the stage where he will stay put in a floor bouncy chair so he loves the freedom of lying in this stretching out,and kicking. We loved it so much we ordered one for my mother in law so she can have in her house when he comes to visit. He also takes naps in it, we are hoping to travel with a smaller version of this pack and play soon...will let you know how that works out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Just got this playpen a few days ago. It is awesome! Set it up without instructions in under 2 minutes, and I'm 6 months pregnant which makes some things a challenge. It's a very nice size and fits a good deal of toys, though if the room is small it does take up a lot of space. Baby loves the bug toys on the sides. She's just learning to sit on her own and I was very pleased to see when she fell back she did not cry - the floor pad is thick and soft so it cushioned her head. I like that because she did fall backwards once in her gym (placed on the carpet) and was very upset. With this I know if she falls back she won't get hurt. It's very colorful and she really seems to enjoy her time in it. Great purchase!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great for play.  I really like the built-in toys and bright colors.However, I bought it for our vacation as a place to play and sleep.  Unfortunately, the pad is somewhat uncomfortable and the sheets (must be purchased from company other than Graco) cause the pad to be a little lumpy.  My daughter would also wake up and want to play with the toys in the middle of the night and then had a hard time going back to sleep.Although I love the size of it, it is quite awkward to move around when open since it is heavy and large.Still worthy of 4 stars since it does what is says it will do.  I am happy with it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been looking for the play yard that I had for my children. The other pack and plays are too small. I don't understand why they don't sell these in stores all the time. I live in Hawaii and have been trying to buy one of these for three years. No one would ship to Hawaii. When, I saw it on Amazon. I was amazed and decided to try to order it. I was really shocked as I was going through checkout. And, amazingly they were letting me order it. The shipping was really cheap. And, I ordered it on Sunday and received it on Wednesday. How, wonderful. My grandson was put in there immediately to see his reaction. He is only 6 months old and loved it. Thank You Amazon for having this wonderful product. And, of course shipping it to me. I am going to order one more. Just totally LOVE it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like this pack n play. The only problem I have is that the middle kind of sinks in so unless your baby is a highly experienced sitter, it is tough for them to balance b/c it's slanted in towards the center. But the colors are pleasing and I didn't know this but the animals/sun embroidered on all 4 sides have little attachements that the baby can play with when their in the pack n play. That was a nice little surprise. My daugter loves the little wings on the bee b/c they have little rattles in them and they make noise when she hits them."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Although this isn't the lightest thing to carry, it is very serviceable! Ever since I purchased this play pen for my grandson, it has been used every weekday. It goes up about 8 a.m. and down about 4:30 p.m. It still looks as new as the first time we used it. I like the netting one the sides and the padding on the floor and rail. Also, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to set it up or take it down. And, it is bigger than the beds that turn into play pens in the Graco line."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As soon as I opened the box, I could tell by the VOC's that this playard was treated with chemicals.  I called Graco to confirm that it is indeed treated with fire retardants.  In addition, some of the characters on the side panels contain vinyl...like the entire face of the sun is PVC.  Why would you let your child play, let alone sleep in this toxic chemical stew.  I called Joovy about their Room2 Playard.  It's the same size but quite a bit more expensive. The representative told me it was not treated with fire retardants.  Definitely worth it to pay the extra $, knowing my children won't be exposed to harmful chemicals."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Buy this Pack N Play!!  All pros and no cons on this.  It was so simple to assemble, it took only about 3 minutes from box to being put up, and some of that time was to remove the tags. Only three parts, just the frame, the folding padded floor, and the carrying bag.  It is roomy, has plenty of padding, and has 9 legs for a strong and even base.  It is great for sleeping away from home, and great for playtime, because there is enough room for baby to crawl around and sptill have plenty of room for toys in with him.  You can purchase sheets for sleeping, but you won't need extra padding or an extra mattress, it's soft enough. It's easily moved from room to room.I put a different pack N play together a few months ago from the same company and it was a nightmare!  In my opinion, this is the best on the market."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our family loves this product! We used it from infancy to over age one year. It was very easy to set up and assemble the first time. Directions very easy to follow and took only minutes to assemble. It has very easy to clean fabric. Just wipe it down. Baby loved the toys on each side of the play pen and also the colorful block pattern on the mat. The size and height of this product is just perfect. Large play area inside. This product has held up to alot of use for over a year and still looks new! It came with a reusable bag to store it in and make for easy carry in car. Also, we found no safety issues w/this product. I did alot of research before choosing this product and this one meets our high standards. I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I fancy myself a &#34;stylish&#34; mom; expensive nursery set, shopping at Restoration Hardware and Pottery Barn Baby. We got the black and grey pack 'n' play that goes well with our home decor, then my parents picked up this pack 'n' play for their home. Our daughter hated the pack 'n' play we had and loved theirs so we ended up getting one too. She loves the colors, and playing with the items on the sides. I love it because it is a square and much larger than the plain one we had. We HIGHLY recommend."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I saw this playpen and thought it was adorable, bright colored, and fun. But I already have another pack and play and I read it was big and cost 100 dollars so I placed it on my private wish list. Well, to my lovely surprise, my mother had also independently seen this playpen on Amazon and bought it for my little baby boy. It is truly awesome and my son loves it! What I love about it? Well.......it's so nicely colored, screams cuteness all over, and it's very easy to set up and take down. I also love how spacious it is and I have fun playing peek-a-boo with my little one too! They say mothers know best..... and in my case.... that was true! Buy it, you won't regret it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this play yard to put my 8 month old in when I need to keep her contained and safe while I am cooking. It is perfect. The size is ideal as she is able to roll and move around it and play with her toys but does not take up all of the room in our small living area. The pad seems comfy and she will be able to nap in it. The toys on the sides are great, she loves to play with the butterfly. I am very happy with this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "OMG....this play pen is a life saver. My son crawls around like crazy. When I'm in the kitchen cleaning up or fixing dinner I can't always be watching him so this is perfect. He hangs out and plays or stands up and (tries) to talk to me. I don't keep him in here for a long period of time because I feel that he needs to be a kid and crawl around too.  It's easy to pack up too. I took it to the park with me. I shoved it in the bottom of our UppaBaby Vista stroller. #NYCMom**KEY NOTE*** the middle part has to be up for the sides to bend down."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Very big and roomy. Folds and sets up with ease. My only complaint is that although you can remove the bottom pad, the cover on it is not removeable or water proof, so there is no way to wash it and feel like it's \"clean\". There are sheets for this square play yard to purchase separately, but they aren't all that cheap and sheets themselves are not waterproof. So if your baby soils through his diaper onto the mattress, or your toddler has a barf-fest, good luck trying to get that smell out. You can \"spot clean\" with a warm rag, but lets face it. Poop and puke requires the washer. And you're not able to do that with this pad."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this pack n play!  The other ones that are rectangular and fancier did not work for us (and they were twice the price).... It was the one with a changing table and bassinet.  I finally relented one day and bought this one because it was bigger, boxier and roomier. My son hates restraints and being boxed in, but he is much more okay with this larger pack n play, and is willing to stay in it for 20-30 minutes at a time (a record!).  And he is 2.5 now, so it will definitely last longer than the rectangular ones you see everywhere...."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my daughter started rolling, it was time for a little containment -- but Grandma bemoaned the fact that none of the standard play yards had as much space as the playpens of my childhood. (You remember, the massive wooden ones Moms would schlep from house to beach to park?) So looking for roomy containment plus the convenience of a portable play yard, there was only one viable candidate: the Graco PackNPlay Bugs. There's room enough for my 7-month-old and a hundred toys, it folds easily into its shoulder bag, cleans up in a snap and the price is great. Best of all, and unlike most play yards, it's FUN; my girl could spend an hour just batting at the colorful bugs on the walls (all make sounds) and floor or giggling at herself in the built-in mirror. And as a play space, it's a happy medium between a tiny play yard and a huge Superyard."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have this one and love it. My son typically doesn't like a pack and play or even to be in the crib too long. But, it is great for those days when they are small and you want to be outside at an outing and don't want to have to sit and hold your child all day. When my son was a little baby, we pulled out the mat and hooked up the toy dangler and he was amazed for hours. My son is now 14 months old and we recently took a 3 day vacation and took it along. We set it up in the hotel room and it worked perfectly. It also saved us the money of having to rent a crib at the hotel. He likes all the animals on the sides. Not to mention, what a dream to put up and take down. We have an older model pack and play and it is very hard to get the sides up and down. This one is so easy! Highly recommend."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Ok, my 3 yr. old shouldn't be drinking out of a bottle anymore BUT, I have really put these bottles to good use! I have a 1 1/2 yr. old and 3 yr. old still drinking out of these....they have a few quirks but you deal with them and get used to it and LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the ease of use! I do,however, wash the liners sometimes to re-use or I'd be in bankruptcy...Publix and Walmart and other stores have liners you can use when the Playtex gets to be too expensive!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I rated this 3 stars because while it has many good parts, I was highly disappointed to \"realize\" when my baby was 4 months old that this set does *not* include any medium flow nipples. We used the slow flow for several months, so those were useful, but the Fast flow were way too fast and we needed something in-between.  Low & behold I walk down the aisle in Target looking for an entirely new bottle system and I see medium nipples that work perfectly for my daughter.  For trying to offer a variety of nipple options, Playtex missed the mark in omitting the medium flow nipple."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter wasn't drinking out of the bottle. The laytex nipple was the only one shes takes. Its soft and is the most like a breast. But  I  didn't know why she wouldn't drink the bottle until I smelled the milk.  It had gone bad. So I learned that if you heat the milk ( not boil it) right after you pump then store it in good bags the milk stays fresh, and baby eats while i'm at work.  There is no better feeling for you (and grandma whos watching her)  when you know that shes happy while you are at work."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this set at our shower and haven't needed any other bottles. My son started using them at about four weeks old and quickly outgrew the smaller bottles, but the set includes three larger ones, which is great. The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is that they don't include the medium flow nipples, just fast and slow. My baby was impatient with the slow flow and overwhelmed by the fast, so we had to purchase the medium ones separately. It's also a little irritating to have to keep buying the drop-in inserts, but it does cut down on the dishes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these bottles and I reccomend them to everyone I know. First off you drop in a liner and that means there is less to clean up, no scrubbing the inside of the bottle. Second after I put the cap on I pinch the nipple open and gently push up on the liner and all the air comes out. That means the bottle won't give the baby gas! I also used the natural action nipple which the baby loved. I was also able to wash the nipple, the bottle and the ring in the top rack of the disheasher in a speacial  nipple rack I bought at walmart for $5. No fuss and minimal clean up."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought these as burp cloths for my two boys.As burp cloths they are great - nothing fancy, just good at absorbing the spit up.  The fancy burp cloths are usually too flimsy (won't lay flat on your shoulder) and too thin to be helpful.  These stay in place without having to touch/fix it.I have tried them for cloth diapering but it seems they don't hold very well and leak more than the other diaper inserts I've used. I usually don't cloth diaper so I can't say too much on this - this is just from the few times I have used it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are by far the BEST burp cloths around.  I got several different kinds at my baby shower.  I ordered these after reading the reviews because the ones I received at the shower were paper thin.  These are fabulous.  I buy them for every baby shower I go to now.  The middle panel is very thick and helps with a newborn that spits up a lot and those breastfeeding blunders that happen to a new mom.  I highly recommend them.  They are worth the money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got 2 of these at my baby shower (one for upstairs and one for downstairs) and I absolutely love them! They steam pretty quick and I like how you can keep pre-measured water on it. When baby's hungry I just grab the bottle from the fridge, grab the little flask of water that's attached, pour it in, and press the button. I've had to warm bottles twice sometimes but it's still faster than warming water on the stove or running the bottle under the faucet. Oh, I only do 2 oz. bottles for now."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using this product for almost 7 months and yes, its true the little cups DO NOT WORK for warming bottles, I tried them for 1 week until I started using my own cup and I just pour the water in and now I know about how long it will take to warm, works great for me. I never had a problem with scalding my baby's mouth because I always check the milk temperature on my hand BEFORE giving it to the baby. Overall, I live in a two-story house and this warmer is a lifesaver for those early am feedings, I definitely don't want to go downstairs to warm a bottle, the product works consistently if you figure out how much water you need."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "A dedicated steam warmer is definitely better than any other option such as a pan of water on the stove (takes too long) or the microwave (danger of uneven heating;  robs contents of nutrients).We have ours in a second-story nursery and have been pleased with it.  The only problem is that the results can be unpredictable - sometimes one capful of water will do the trick just fine, sometimes the bottle feels hot but the milk inside still cold, and sometimes it just goes to town and overheats the contents.  Nonetheless, I figure any heating process will be unpredictable, so I can't fault this model.The unit comes with adapters to hold any standard 4- or 9-oz. bottle;  we've used Avent with no problems."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I can't speak highly enough about this chiller/warmer.  Every night I know I will not have to go downstairs to get a bottle, warm it, and bring it back up while baby is crying.Now, all I do is take the bottle from the chill compartment (complete with ice pack), and place it, with a capful of premeasured water, in the warming compartment and hit a button.While I change baby's diaper, the bottle is warming, and I am ready to go.  This equipment has been a godsend.  Actually, I can't think of any equipment that I could live without less.No complaints whatsoever about this great bottle warmer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is one of my favorite products I have purchased as a new mommy.  I love it.  It warms the Avent bottles great.  It took some trials to determine how much water to add but now I have it down great.  You can over heat and then you will burn yourself if your not careful.  It is not like the negative reviews if you pay attention and use the right amount of water. It DOES NOT warm the Playtex Ventair bottles.  I guess because of the vent but I preferred the Avent bottles anyway.  The cooler DOES keep bottles cold for up to 8 hours if you remember to freeze the freezer pack each day.  We have a 2 story house and this helped us so much.  I have the other First year single warmer also and it is in my kitchen and it is great as well.  This is definitly worth the money!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Ehh, I bought this product to avoid my MIL using the microwave to heat bottles. The thing is that it really depends on the amount of milk and size of bottle. The warmer starts right away and creates a lot of steam. What i found is that a cold bottle from fridge would heat up a lot on the outside but a couple shakes and it would still be cold. I didnt find it evenly heated it through.Its still best to just sit it in hot water for a couple mins. :)But we will use this to keep cool bottles in the freezer pack in the back (remember to freeze the ice pack)-Overall, save your money and use the traditional method."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I use this everyday to heat up bottles.. I like how you can keep the frozen ice pack in with bottles to store and keep cool then just pour a little water into the front part to boil the water.  The directions are a little confusing with how much water to use, so i just have kind of learned how much water we need to use and just keep the bottle in there for 4-5 minutes.. you learn by trial and error.  Or if you want to save your money you can always just boil/microwave water and put the bottle in that.  I got this as a gift at my babyshower and I'm happy with it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If you are pumping breast milk or formula feeding this thing is a lifesaver.  We've used this warmer for 2 of our babies and love it.  It's super convenient to have 2 bottles nice and chilled.  If you read the instructions the warming is pretty much fool-proof but on occasion I've been sleepy and overwarmed a bottle.  As I rule I always test the temperature anyway so it's never been a real problem.  Make sure your lids are off or loosened when you warm the bottles (especially Dr. Brown's) or the milk will come out of the top and make breast milk caramel all over the heating element.  :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this bottle warmer for my second baby because it was a life saver for my daughter.  It stores 2 bottles in the compartment and comes with a small ice pack.  Do not store milk with this ice pack for more than eight hours.  The pack is fairly small and does not cool the milk for long.  I use a freezer pack and store one bottle at a time.  I would add a time chart just to know approximately how much time it takes to heat up a bottle."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The design is convenient, except for the water holding tubes which can be annoying to clip to the sides.  Otherwise, having a cooler right there is nice.  Note that it keeps the bottle COOL, and NOT COLD.  You can order replacement/extra ice pack on Tomy website - we keep 2 extras in the freezer as we constantly were forgetting to refreeze the one we had in preparation for a new night (they were $2 each).  Heating is a bit inconsistent and seems to be slower than the quick pro model by the first years.  Overall, good purchase and the price is great on amazon (you'll pay $30 at BRU)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I can honestly say I love this bottle warmer because it is very convenient for those in a 2-story house.  We loved being able to keep the bottle cool and save the trip downstairs in the middle of the night.  Even when my son was sleeping through the night we still kept his morning bottle in his room and used this warmer to keep it cool.  But...I was very disappointed that my Dr. Brown's bottles were too wide for the warmer.  The taller Dr. Brown's bottle fit in the warmer but were too tall to fit in the cooler.  I ended up still using the cooler but storing the Dr. Brown's bottles in there without the nipple and cap on so they would fit.  My only suggestion would be to make the warmer wider so all bottles can fit."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I loved this product from the moment I got it. It works wonders with drop ins, And Avent bottles fit into and heat up nicely.... Sometimes that is. We have been using this with ourDr. Brown's Formula Mixing Pitcherand it was a life saver for awhile. Now All i can smell on our bottles is burnt milk from the heating plate.... Now I am not quite sure how the milk could possibly be getting onto it but it does apparently. We have been using it for about 3 months now almost every day, four- five times a day a most and it has considerably started to take longer and longer to heat up.. Before it was done and cooled off by the time the diaper change was over. Now we find ourselves sitting and waiting another minute or two for it to finish. The instructions are basically nonexistent. All in all it still works but I can slowly start to see it go down hill in its heating capabilities."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this because I work 2nd shift at a hospital so on the days I work, I don't get home until midnight and my husband has to get up with the baby. We exclusively breastfeed, so it's not like we can just put warm water in a bottle and mix it with formula. Living in a two story house, it's not exactly fun to get up in the middle of the night, go downstairs, warm up the water, then the bottle and go back upstairs to the baby. This system alleviates all of that!! We just put it in our upstairs bathroom with a bottle of breastmilk in the cooler part and when the baby gets hungry, just put water in the wamer and warm the bottle. It's quick and easy, which is always good in the middle of the night!!Some people said they had problems with temperature, but we didn't have any problems. Just read the instructions for the type of bottle system we use and it worked fine!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our bed rooms are upstairs and I needed to have a second warmer and one which had a cooler.This is the best buy for the same reason.I simply love it and couldnt live without it.I have used it every single day so far .My son is now 5months and it works great I never timed how much time the bottle is in the warmer not I measured the water. I used to do it when I intially bought it but with a screaming infant in hands during night I stopped bothering about the measurements . even with such a rough use it still works great .never had a little problem with itBut I do make sure that I clean it throughly every week.The cooler part is awesome,saved me trips downstairs in the middle of the night.Being a working mom I am all about making things easy for me.This is what I recommend highly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We had this warmer with our first child, but had parted ways with it by the time we had another child. We got the Tommee Tippee bottle warmer with our second child (because we used the tommee tipped bottles with her). After only a few months, I have gone back to this warmer. I love that it has the auto-off feature (which the TT one did not have). heats the bottles very quickly and you don't have to stand over it checking the temp every minute like with the TT warmer. Overall, I love this warmer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I only used this pump for the first month as I did not produced much milk but it was great when I used it. As a first time mom, I found it very comfortable and easy to use. I also sterilized the pieces after a day of use and each piece came out fine. I did find that I had to bend forward to get maximum output but it was not uncomfortable. If you plan to do a lot of pumping then getting the double pump might be worth the extra money as it is quite time consuming with only one pump. Overall, an efficient pump, no complaints."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this pump for occasional use since I am a sahm.  As recommended by our lactation consultants, I pump once a day.  I sit in bed with my daughter nursing on one side and me pumping the other.  I am able to get 6-8oz in one sitting.  When I pump w/o nursing at the same time, I am still able to get 4oz in 15-20 mins. Being a sahm, I cannot justify spending the $200 for a double pump when I just don't need that much help.I highly recommend this if you are a sahm and can pump whenever for however long.  I pump once a day and after a week of that I have 2 weeks worth of feedings(if giving once a day)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It does the job, but does it make the loudest noise doing it.  My husband said it sounded like I was milking a cow.  I would have opted using a double breast pump, but it was much more pricier.  After two months I found that it was harder to express breast milk using the same suction as before.  I don't know why.  The pump was fine and working the same, even at the highest level, my breast would not fully be expressed.  I had to just ditch this item in the end."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had this pump on my registry but then was also given a double electric pump (Medela Pump in Style) all I can say is GOOD THING I HAD THE DOUBLE PUMP! This single electric one just cannot get enough pressure/suction/whatever. plus even if it DID work, a single pump means double the pumping time. I know double electric pumps are expensive, but beg, borrow, get your family to go in it as a gift - you NEED it and this single pump is NOT an adequate substitute for a real pump! You can even rent a double pump from the hospital or a lactation consultant. Just don't bother trying this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pump is decent but wasn't enough for me. I am home with the baby so I didn't think I needed one of the larger double pumps since I am not working. However, I needed to pump to improve my supply in the begining and also while I was healing from a cracked nipple and the single pump just didn't cut it. I ended up purchasing the Medela Pump-in-Style and it works much better. Now I use the double pump to fill an evening bottle for my husband to feed to the baby. It would take twice as long with the single pump. I REALLY hate pumping so it is worth everything to get it done in half the time! I think this pump is only worth it if you will rarely need to pump or to use for just a few minutes before feeding the baby to relieve engorgement."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this pump as a gift.  I like it because it is electric.  I got the manual attachment free from the hospital and it is very difficult to use even with the spring loading.  For manual use I recommend the Avent Isis.  However, there are times when I just feel like sitting down and not having to manually pump.  This works great.  It comes with storage containers and a nipple insert for smaller nipples.  Plus it comes with some lanolin just incase you get sore nipples.  It is a pretty good buy.  It doesn't work any better than a manual, but it is more convenient since you don't have to work as hard.  I wouldn't have bought it myself, but since it was given to me, I am glad to have it.  :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have the larger, double Pump In Style but I wanted to leave that at work and still have something at home.  I used this to pump in the morning before going to work or if I was unusually full.  It's small and light and perfect for travel.  I'm now onto baby #2 and use this occasionally since I'm now home full time, but this works so well when I need it.  It's efficient and has lasted through 2 babies - Medela is a really great brand!  I wouldn't recommend this if you're pumping often from both sides - get a double pump, but it was a perfect supplemental pump for me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This gate was perfect for our split-level home with the addition of one 24&#34; extension. It does the job of keeping the baby away from the stairs and the dog out of where she isn't allowed. My husband said it was very easy to install. The stay-open and auto-close features are great. I plan on buying another for the bottom set of stairs.The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because I do feel like it could be slightly sturdier for the abuse my three-year-old tries to give it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got *seven* extensions for this and put a fence across our den, marking off a one-hundred-square-foot area for the lil'guy to crawl around in. I was worried that the length would make it insecure, but it doesn't: Just be sure not to have the fence completely straight; use the nifty connection corners to alternate turns, using either angles back and forth or a serpentine pattern. Then hang stuff like toys, instruments, and mobiles from it. Our lil'guy loves it! :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this gate for a opening between our foyer and kitchen. We ended up buying one extension and are very pleased!!! We put it together in about 30 minutes. It's great because you can bend it into whatever configuration you need. For us, we were hesitant to drill into our walls but didn't have another solution. Now that it's installed, we definitely feel like the safety and convenience factors far outway the problem of drilling into our walls.  I definitely recommend this gate!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this gate!  We have a spiral staircase that continues for 3 floors and it was almost impossible to block off on the second level.  This gate has solved all our problems.The door does not swing closed behind you, which I like.  The bar across the bottom of the door is very low compared to other gates, about an inch.  When the door is closed it is secure, much more so than our gate that swings shut behind you.  The entire system spans 72\" and is very stable, even when my 1 year old shakes it.This gate is a great solution for difficult areas and is well worth the money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great gate, and one of the few with the flexibility to accommodate non-straight spaces. It's pretty sturdy, the kids shake it sometimes but it hasn't ever opened or torn from the wall. The downside (or upside, depending on perspective) is that the gate is harder to open than the previous version. The magnetic catch is handy for a quiet but easy close. I got the extension, and it still stands pretty sturdy. No regrets on the purchase.BTW, this gate works really well as a separate space for an older child to play. We use it for my 3 year old to have a space on the main floor to play with toys without the baby able to interrupt. It's nice because he feels included with everyone else there, but doesn't get upset by his brother knocking down or taking his legos. Highly recommend for that purpose. Looks ok, good if you have white for trim, but ultimately, its a baby gate and looks like one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this because my daughter has hated the pack n play from day one. She is now 13 months old and it was a major battle at each travel destination. When we decided to leave her with grandma for a few nights we knew we needed a crib.  This one is great because it is very sturdy.  The folding locks take a bit of getting used to, but they work well.  The mattress is thin and we purchased a mattress for it for about $20.  I bought portable crib sheets at Babies R Us and they work great.  My daughter sleeps in this like her regular crib and I think we will get a lot of use from it! It does fold nice and flat, but it is still large for the average car. We can put it in our Suburban.  It would be nice if they made one that has sides that fold in half for storage, but no one does! I love this crib."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this crib after my son grew out of his Graco travel lite crib (at three months). My son is four months old now and fits in it perfectly and there is still a lot of room for him to grow. It is a nicely made crib and is worth the $80 that it costs. It is so cute and I love the fact that they sell a bedding set for it. We bought the malawi set for it, which looks adorable. I wish I would have gotten this crib from the begining."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "great crib, easy to assemble (it was pretty much assembled when it arrived!) My 6 month old son who is almost 20 pounds fits well in it, but I had to double wrap a bumper pad around it so he wouldn't roll into the cold metal! I am not sure how long he will fit into it, but I love its portability and how I feel there is no rush to move my happy 2 yr old out of his crib. And its overall best feature is how you can roll it from room to room without taking it apart."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When I opened the packaging I was appalled by the strong chemical smell of this mattress pad. I had to open the windows to get rid of the smell in the room even after I wrapped the pad back in plastic. I can't imaging my baby being in the same room with this product, let alone sleep on it! I also realized that there is no need to have a water proof mattress pad because most crib mattresses these days already come in a water proof cover. The non-waterproof cover I got was a much better choice for my baby."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Look through the reviews and you can see many people upset about these leaking. They are correct! Because it only happens to one in about four or five reviewers, I think there must be a problem with production. Maybe some are leaky, some are not. Fact is, out of ten bottles, five of mine were leaky. I ended up throwing the whole lot out after using more money on paper towels than bottles.Save yourself the headache and get evenflo or playtex. They are half the cost and never leak"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought a few Avent bottles when I was at a grocery store and had to have a bottle RIGHT then and this was all they had.  I was not disappointed in the quality of the bottle, but I was not overly impressed.  I did not notice a change in my son's spitting up using these bottles, either.The downside of using the Avent system is that, once you commit, you're really committed - the bottles and bottle parts do not fit standard bottles and parts.  I now have a wide variety of bottles and bottle parts, and the Avent bottles sit largely unused because I cannot mix and match the parts.  Who has time to search for the right parts when their baby is hungry and crying?"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "In the midst of all of my bottle testing, I was against Avent, mostly because they do cost a bit more than most bottles.  I thought that I could test a bottle and cup, to see if Avent was really telling the truth when they said all the parts were interchangeable.  Well, they are.  They also have more nipple selections, depending on how fast your child drinks.One thing I wish Avent has was a design or something on the bottle. I did find that if you buy the Evenflo Cool Pals 9 oz. cup holder, these fit in them great.I would suggest only getting 2 packs of these, couple of Magic Cups with handles and some extra spouts (have at least 2 green ones and 1 white one)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bottles are a good choice if you're breastfeeding, but have to introduce a bottle. My son has never had a problem going from the breast to this bottle and back to the breast again.Also, after months of frequent use, I have never experienced the leaking problem with these bottles mentioned by some other reviewers. I also know of other moms who have used these for more than a year and no leaks either. I have even taken the tops apart and put them back together and still no leaks."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i have zero complaints about these bottles. wish i had bought them in the first place (i started out with the playtex nurser system). they may be pricy compared to other bottles, but, you don't have to buy liners for these bottles. my daughter found these bottles much easier to hold herself than the playtex ones and these have a bigger selection of nipple flow to choose from (besides slow and fast, where fast for playtex really just means not so slow), so i put them away and got more of these, and my daugher was a much happier baby.what i found with the leaking some people complain about: if there is any liquid in the seal it will leak. this problem can easily be solved by wiping the inside of the ring that holds the nipple and the outside rim of the bottle with a dry rag, and if it squeaks when you screw the lid on, you're not going to have any leaks.hope this helps!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "In 2000 when my first son was born, I bought the Avent bottles to go with my Isis breast pump (which I LOVE) because everyone raved about how they were the best.  The first time my son tried the bottle with a newborn nipple he couldn't get anything to come out.  After trying for awhile, I finally called Avent and they told me to move up to a different size nipple.  These bottles worked out relatively well after that dilemma.  With me second son I assumed I would use the bottles again and tried the newborn nipple with the opposite result.  The flow was way too fast for him and he would choke and spit out half the milk every time I would try to feed him. I finally gave up on Avent bottles and went with the much cheaper and economical Evenflo Classic bottles (on the recommendation of the lactation consultant.)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I decided to use these because I wanted the Avent Breast Pump and would use these with it.  Well, my newborn had a hard time latching onto the nipples and when he did they were way too fast with the flow.  He would choke and gasp almost everytime.  I now use the Playtex Ventaire bottles and he doesn't have as much of a problem.  Every baby is different, though, but if you have a baby that tends to want to eat quickly, these won't work so well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We recieved these bottles as a gift for our son (now 16 months)and expected greatness from Avent. When I opened the first package I was amazed at how stiff the nipples were that are included with these bottles. Stiffness is hardly a correct simulation of the breast. The bottles are also very wide and hard for little hands to grip when they begin to hold their own bottles. I also saw no indication that my son got any less air from using the Avent system. I MUCH prefer the softer, easier to hold, less air producing Playtex Nursers which is what we ended up switching him to."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used Avent bottles for several weeks, but our baby was spitting up _all the time_, seemed like she was choking during feedings, and had gas all the time.  We switched to the Playtex VentAire bottles when she was 6 weeks old, and problem solved! No more crying from gas, she hardly ever spits up anymore, and she has a much easier time at feedings.  The flow is slower and it really does cut down on the amount of air she takes in during feedings.  So, I highly recommend trying something other than the Avent bottles for small infants.  Maybe later, when our baby is a bit older we'll pull out the Avent bottles again, but for now, we aren't using anything except Playtex VentAire."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am breastfeeding currently but I do like to leave the house every so often. When I get the chance I'll pump directly into one of these bottles using the Isis pump. I love the nipples of this bottle because they are the most like the human nipple and my baby has not developed nipple confusing because of this. One thing that all Avent users should know...if you read the directions carefully for the pump, the makers tell you not to use anti-bacterial soap on any of their products. Doing so can cause the plastic to crack. I just wash all the parts as directed using regular dish soap and then sterilize all the parts using the Avent sterilizer. That too is convenient and easy to use.I would recommend these bottles to any woman who is breastfeeding and will have to return to work. Yes, they cost more than most bottles, but if you can afford that little extra you will be very pleased with the results."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I understand that some people might have a problem with this bottle type. If you screw the top on crooked at all or too tightly - you may have issues. But if you take a second and make sure that you are screwing on the top properly - you might have a leaking bottle once every 30 or 40 tries. I have used 4 of the other top brands and am very pleased with Avent. The Brownies are really good too - but just too hard to clean on a regular basis. If you only use a bottle once in a while - use browns - but if you use them a lot - get Avent. Only way to go."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This brand of bottles was recommended to me by a certified lactation specialist when I was having trouble with low breastmilk supply and was forced to supplement.  It was extremely important to me to be able to still feed my baby by breast and I was afraid that introducing a bottle to my daughter would cause her to lose interest in me.  I was told that this brand of bottles was created to closely imitate the breast and this is the only brand that you can easily switch baby back and forth from breast to bottle.  And it has worked wonderfully--my baby girl will feed from both without any problem.  I love the shape of the bottles--very comfortable to hold--and they are extremely easy to clean.  Out of the four 4 oz size bottles I own, one of them has a leaking problem, but I can usually solve it by loosening or tightening the cap.  My daughter has no problem sucking from the nipple, as one person reported.  These bottles are great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I choose these bottles because they are very popular but then realized that the size of them are so large that the baby never really seems to be able to get a good hold on them. I started bottle feeding at 6 months and ended up having to switch and buy an entire new line. After my son turned 1 began to wean him off the bottle and introduced the avent bottles again just to see if he could hold it and it was still way to large for him..... I guess these bottles would work if you plan on bottle feeding a toddler with big hands"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I absolutely love these bottles!!  I've been using them for about 4.5 months now and I've NEVER had a problem with leaks!!!!  I have also never overtightened the bottles!!  I love how they are designed.  Because of their width, my daughter was able to hold them at 3.5 months!!  I also love their 'wide-neck', which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby!  They are also EXTREMELY easy to clean!  And they are interchangeable!!  I plan on buying the sippy cup spout in a couple of months so that my daughther can learn to drink from a sippy cup using the same bottle!!! My daughter has also never had colic!! I LOVE EM!!! I LOVE EM!!! I LOVE EM!!!  I also have the breast pump and microwave sterilzer which all fit the bottles perfectly!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Baby is breast-fed and I registered for these so I could pump and my husband could feed her at night.  Our baby hated the bottle and wouldn't take the nipple.  The nipples, on the Avent, are too long and hard and would make her gag when she attempted to latch on.  We switched to the Platex NaturalLatch and now she takes a bottle.  The nipples on the Platex are much softer and shorter.  Baby switches between the bottle and breast now, no problem."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I found the nipple to be way too hard for my newborn son to suck.  I then ran out and got the Munchkin Tri-flow.  You can change how fast the milk flows out of the bottle as you baby grows and the nipple is much softer!Munchkin also sells just the nipple that is compatable with the Avent bottle.  So, if you've already purchased the avent bottles your money has not gone to waste!  The only problem is that the Tri-flow is still fairly new and is very hard to find!  Good Luck!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Avent bottles are one of the best out there. Handy and easy to clean. They protect your baby from getting gas while he eats. But if your baby is really gasy and has colic, I recomend you the Dr brown bottles. I suggest you buy or register for both (avent and dr brown)so if your baby does ok with gas and colic you use avent, and if not, you use dr brown (at least for a while). You will notice the difference in a few weeks. But I most tell you avent work very well with gasy babies, so if you dont want to invest too much  money in bottles, avent will do great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old, and they work great. He had no problem with nipple confusion switching between this bottle and the breast. We've had no problems with leaking, and I love the fact that you can convert the bottles to sippy cups later.One note for breastfeeding moms -- your baby may be able to use the #1 nipple for much longer than a formula-fed baby, since it more closely resembles how the milk comes from you. So wait before buying #2 & #3 nipples, because you may not need them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great pump. I haven't had any issues with it. I pump constantly as my son is very finicky as to when he wants a bottle or a breast in his mouth.  Easy to use and clean. The carrying case is great for when I go back to work and it can also be used as a carrying bag for keeping milk/formula cold when you go out.  While I love the pump I am not happy with the Avent Bottles. They can leak easily if you over or under tighten the bottle.  Let me tell you at three in the morning you dont' want to worry about that stuff.  You want to get a nipple on and feed.  I recommend the pump but not their bottles.  Sometimes if I put down the pump on the bed and it tips a bit I get spillage from where the pump connects to the bottle."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO idea..!!! I only recieved this pump - no electrical one and I wanted 2 diiiiie! I was in pain for days after I gave birth,irritable because of the lost of sleep and trying to conform to the babies temporary sleeping pattern. I had a low milk supply and breastpumping for 1 hour for only 4ounces - this was not a joke! I wanted 2 diiiie I tell you.. I would finish pumping and da baby would be getting up for a feeding... NOooooo! already, I would think... yes and with only 4 oz to show. Here I go with the stupid MANUEL pump... NO.. I NOW know better.... electronic and a good brand- so what you pay 300. and change its worth your sanity, sleep, time, energy and appreciation for the bond with the baby. My milk supply in time grew (not soon enough) I am still nursing and again the manuel pump and I did NOT have a good relationship. We started off badly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I read all the reviews on this pump but still wasn't convinced about buying this pump. I originally purchased a Gerber pump and it worked until it cracked. I asked a lactation consultant what kind of pump she'd recommend and she recommended Avent and Medela. I needed a pump in my price range so I chose the Avent.I like how the suction mimics a baby's latch but milk gets stuck everywhere and it leaks all over the place. The pump also makes an annoying squeaking noise and sometimes I lose suction. I'd recommend this pump over Gerber though. I will give it credit though, it's a lot easier to take apart and clean."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Although I haven't been using this pump for very long, I've been able to get very good results. Of course, pumping takes practice but this pump works great for beginners. It is very easy to set up and clean...making it easy to take along. I also like that the bottles fit onto the pump-nothing extra to buy (and clean). I also have an electric pump but prefer this pump when I am home during the day. I find that I can more quickly get it ready and am able to pump one side as soon as my baby is finished nursing on the other side. I definitely recommend having a manual pump, even if you plan on or already have an electric."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If you are only going to be pumping once in a blue moon, then this is a great pump for you.  I found it to be an incredible nusance, so I borrowed a friend's Medela electric pump.  Never used this Back to Work pump more than twice after using hers!  Why spend a longer amount of time pumping that you have to (and yes it does take longer even though the manual says their stats say otherwise).  With our next child, I will definitely be buying electric!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Avent pump in this kit is very good. I also like the carrying bag, which is subtle and good for work - it can even be used as a lunch box when you are done breastfeeding.However, the nipples in this kit are very hard and the speed on the slow flow was far too fast for my newborn (when I tested the milk on my wrist, I didn't get a drop - it squirts). There are better bottles out there too, that keep the baby from getting too much air. Instead of the Avent bottles, I have started using the Playtex nurser system - which means I pump into the Avent bottles and pour them into the nurser (the Playtex system sells a kit with a pump adapter - but it does not work with Avent). This has worked fine for me, though if I were not pumping at work I would not pay the extra money to have the kit. Since I pump at work, the insulated bag is helpful."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After trying a dual electric pump that was very uncomfortable for me I tried the Isis berast pump and never looked back. I could not control the suction with the electric pump and,  however with the Isis I was able to control the pressure and was able to completely empty both breasts in less than 20 minutes total. The cushioning made the pump very comfortable. And my hand never got tired from manually pumping. I used this product years ago with my daughter and I am adding it to my registry for my second child. I highly recommend this for anyone who would like to continue breast feeding.Follow-up: My youngest daughter is now six weeks old and I still love this pump. Its a moust-have for breastfeeding mothers."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I would have been okay with just the table corners. I have a glass table and I was worried about my 1-year-old niece visiting.The corners helped a lot as did putting a tablecloth over my table. There was no way the table guard was going to work around my glass table even with the tape included though. It's for a much thicker table and my glass table was too thin.Also, my niece is still crawling so the guard wasn't necessary. Even when she stood up, she couldn't reach the table and she was safe as houses in her booster seat and high chair."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The title says it all...the edges of the bumpers were very tempting for my daughter to peel every chance she got. You'd think her ability to remove the ends of the bumpers would indicate the bumpers would be easy to remove.They were a nightmare and have ruined our beautiful coffee table. I've tried goo gone to no avail. If anyone has any tips how to get the tape off, which is coated with random pieces of foam from the old bumpers, I'd love to hear them. I can't believe how awful my table looks."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I needed a solution for a sharp tile step down into my living room- every time I stepped down I envisioned my baby cracking her skull on that :( I was hesitant to buy this, though,  because I was skeptical that it would stick and chocolate seemed like the wrong color to match my tile. It sticks really well- we'll see how it holds up over time- and the color looks great against my taupe tile. It really doesn't look cheesy at all. We're going to use the corner pieces on a table of mine and I've already checked the color there too. Not great against some sort of reddish brown wood, but miles ahead of the hideous Safety 1st Expandable Table Edge Bumper. This stuff gives a perfect fit since it's cut to fit. The expandable thing doesn't fit the sizes listed (no way it will work on a 90 inch table) and it looks like a pair of hand-me-down training pants from the 1970s."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this for the breakfast nook around my marbel countertop.  Since I don't have kids yet (we are adopting) I can't really comment about the durability.  However, they seemed to stay on tight when I applied the tape to the top and bottom on the inside of the foam.  If not I will do what some of the other posters suggested.It wasn't difficult to cut the foam to length.  I just started with one corner edge, measured the long foam piece, and then cut the foam with scissors (just alittle bit longer then what I though I needed.  It cut slightly jagged, but since I cut on the long side adjusting it wasn't a problem.  The finish product doesn't look funny or leave any gaps at all."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought a Safety First Foam Edge Bumper from Wal-Mart for the SAME price as this that was only about 5ft and didn't have corners, and it was already cut into strips. That was a HUGE mistake. Comparing this set to the one I bought, it wins in every category. It contains more than twice as much foam - PLUS corners, you can cut it to whatever size you need, it bends around curves, and It's MUCH softer than the Safety First bumper!I love it, and it's perfect. It STICKS! It's 3m brand double-sided tape and it didn't budge! I suspect people who said it doesn't stick did not clean/dry the surface properly, touched the tape too much, or maybe had a textured surface. I couldn't pull mine off, so I know my 9 month old can't."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "You know when you're child free and buy great furniture? You can't fathom the day when you'll have to apply foam to your beautiful wood table so your child doesn't go head first into the sharp corner?  Those days are now a distant memory and you bite the bullet and apply a foam guard.  Then you go to take it off because your child has spilled parmesan cheese and... what...the? The wood came off.  The WOOD came off.  I expected to have to use some Goo-Be-Gone to get off the adhesive but this actually destroyed the table.  Not like a dent that could be sanded.  I piece of wood literally splintered off.  So, while this product will protect your kid's noggin, don't put it on a piece of furniture you like."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When you first put this on the table you feel like it has made things safer for your child, however the first time they get near it they are able to pull it off because the adhesive provided with it doesn't hold well unless you have a completely flat surface to attach it to.  (I suppose if you use a stronger adhesive you would run the risk of damaging the table).Only buy if you have a large top face and edge to the table with no decorative surface changes (must be completely flat to hold at all)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product comes with special double-sided sticky tape to attach the guards. It&#699;s easy to apply to the inside of the guards and easy to attach to the corners and surfaces that you want to use. For us we have an extremely sharp edge in our shower and baby crawls around so we didn&#699;t want him to slip and fall on the edge. We put the guard on the edge and it stays even though it gets wet every day as we shower. I used the table corners for the corners of low window sills that are in his play area and it works well to protect him from falling on them and doubles as a teether. lol He loves chewing on it! It&#699;s a very soft, spongy material. Hopefully there&#699;s no BPA in it because it&#699;s constantly in my son&#699;s mouth!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Needed this item for our brick fireplace and decided to give it a shot despite some saying that the double sided adhesive tape didn't work well.  I assumed we would try it and then rig something else up (velcro, etc) if it didn't work.  It has been one month and the included adhesive tape is working very well.  My 11 month old goes up to it and tries to chew it (for all the chew toys that child has?!) and it stays put no problem.  Time will tell how long it lasts, but I am happy with the density of the edge guard and how well it went on that even if I did have to do some reworking of the adhesive in the future I would still be happy with the quality of the edge guard as well as the safety the product provides."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love how soft and cuddly this changing pad cover is.  I also appreciate how many colors it comes in.What I am disappointed with is the durability.  I have 3 of these and have used them for just over a year.  They are totally falling apart at the elastic. Now, keep in mind that we use disposable \"chucks\" (those blue hospital disposable under pads) on top of this terry cloth changing pad.  It makes it less messy (especially early on) and doesn't require washing as much.  I also washed them in cold water with Baby Dreft detergent, hung them to dry and rotated the 3 covers that we have.While it is a nice product while it lasts, I just expected them to be more durable."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Very convenient - I have a one year old and I babysit a one year old. I'm definitely not going to spend 100 bucks or more on a double stroller, but since I found two umbrella strollers on sale for 10 bucks each, my double stroller was only 30 bucks! It handles well. When you put the connectors on, make sure they're tight, and even so it will seem like there's too much slack for it to really move, but it does work. Just give it a go. :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are easy to put on and take off.  They work well to connect two umbrella strollers.  The rubber inserts do fall out easily, so I can tell these may not last long.  They only work with one thickness of bar so they are not compatible with all strollers.  I use a combination of these for the top connection and a different brand for the bottom that are adjustable since my stroller bars are wider at the base and I connect in 4 places instead of 3 for a sturdier connection."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was a bit hesitant to buy this booster, although it came highly recommended.  I felt like it was overpriced and essentially offered nothing...boy, was I wrong!  I've been using this booster for 2 years now.  It has been used by my 3.5 year old and his 2 year old brother.  Both of them LOVE it.  The seat is comfortable for them to sit on, unlike the hard plastic seat we had before it.  It doesn't slide around on the chair, and it is SO easy to clean.  I also like that it is easy to take along if we're headed to grandma's house.  No extra straps, trays, or pieces to worry about! I don't have a single complaint with this seat after 2 years of use...it is well worth the money!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great booster and is effective for it's job--but there are a few things that could make it an even better seat.  I can't use this booster in my home because it is made out of a rubber substance that my kids LOVE to pull apart!! My young toddler likes to bite and take chunks out of the booster seat.  If you have an aggressive chewer in the house, you may want to think about this--this material is highly attractive to chewers!  Also, the seat does not come equipped with straps.  I had to switch to another booster with straps due to some safety issues associated with this also."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the best booster seat. It \"grips\" easily to chairs and does not slide. We use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it! It is the most durable seat too. My nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in EXCELLENT condition. It is soft and comfy. It may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it. It travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat. Grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids! Definitely a must have!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "For the older toddler, this booster seat is more comfortable and spacious than the hard plastic booster seats with trays.  The hard plastic seats slide around on wood chairs and never feel stable, even when strapped around the chair.  The trays don't leave enough room for a bigger child's legs.  However, this booster seats is soft and cushiony.  It feels stable on wood chairs, and it allows the child to sit at the big people's table.  Obviously, it's not as good for the young infant or younger toddler who needs a tray to contain the mess, but it's definitely better for the older toddler who knows how to eat neatly off a plate or bowl.  The older toddler hopefully is also well-trained enough to know not to jump around in the seat because it's not attached to the adult chair."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this booster. My 3 year is still using it and I think he started using it around 18 months or so. We have solid oak chairs and didn't have the problem of other reviewers. It sits in the same chair almost all the time and there's no residue. Maybe it has more to do with the chair finishing. Your chair does need to be made of something to \"grip\" this chair, such as a wooden chair. I tried to take it to my dad's house and he has cooshy leather chairs, and it didn't work. It cleans extremely easily, holds him securely, and works better than I could have expected."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are nice jumbo corners that didn't make our table look too hideous, but at some point your baby's going to learn to pull them off!  This didn't happen for us for a while and I really think any other brands would have the same problem, so this one's the best in the market.  My daughter fell and hit her face on the corner guard and her mouth still bled, though the damage would have been much worse without the corner guard.  It's definitely better to have these than nothing at all."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great product.  They do what they are supposed to do, at least on my desk.  My desktop/corners consist of a wood laminate, with a very smooth surface, so these things stick very well.  However, I have not attempted to take them off yet, and i'm sure a little 'Goo-Gone' or rubbing alcohol will do the trick when the time comes.  I will be dissapointed if they harm some of the finish, but then again you can't put a price on protecting your precious child from severe injury, which can easily occur when their head hits a table or desk corner!  For this 'peace of mind', I give this product 5 stars.  One more thing... there is NO substitute for proper and constant child supervision."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When a baby gets to the crawling stage, your life changes. Table corners are just one of those places that must be protected and this little gadget does so very well. There are some tables that require the corner piece and the long padding all around the parameter of the table due to sharp edges, but in most cases, this is enough. I only wish they were a little less obvious. Unless you have very light wood furniture, these things stick out like a sore thumb. My only concern is that there is an adhesive (that supposedly comes right off).  Many months from now I suppose I'll find out if that is true, but in the meantime I have (relative) peace of mind when my grandson is crawling or toddling around and that is Priority 1."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I considered this when it was full price, 50 bucks.  When I saw it for 25, I just had to get it.  I took it back the next day because the latches that keep the buttons away from Baby broke and the buttons wouldn't work.This second try has been better.  I found it for 12.50 and decided that it would make a gift for someone else if it didn't work for me (man, I can be cruel :)  This time, it seems to work pretty well.  All the buttons work.I did have a little trouble with the light because when the light is on, the button is pressed in.  I have fingernails, so the button can be a bit tricky until you get the hang of it.I am glad I decided to try this product again, but I wouldn't have paid the 50 bucks for it.  If you can't find it on sale, get a regular CD player: they plug in and are cheaper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item is not top quality.  I don't have too many of this company's other products, so if this is an example of their quality than I don't think I will.  First off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached, the batteries only lasted through two cd's, the volume doesn't get very high, and it doesn't even fit on the side of our crib.  Being in the baby business they should know that not all crib's are made the same.  You are much better off just getting a simple boom box that play's cd's."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have been using this seat for about 6 months with our toddler boy.  I love how it attaches to the seat easily and securely.  Once it's on, it doesn't budge, but it removes easily.  However, if our son sits down to pee, he gets pee all over the place.  Even with him holding his private part down with his finger.  The cheap \"bob the builder\" toilet seat does a better job of keeping the pee in the toilet while he is sitting.  I wish they would make the seat more compatible with boys."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I just got done potty training my boy/girl twins using the small potty chairs that sit on the floor but we are planning a vacation in a few weeks and they were terrified of using the big potty but we really had to get them using one.  I bought a cheap-o potty seat and it slid around all over the place and they were scared to use it so we went back and paid twice as much and got the Bjorn and so glad we did.  We have a TOTO brand toilet and the seat is very deep and contoured so the lock on the Bjorn didn't work at all on our toilet seat, but because it also has a grippy bottom and is quite large, it fits great anyway.  My toddlers were fine using it and began using the big potty the same day we bought it.  Definately worth the extra money, great design!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This seat has worked very well for our 25-month-old boy.  Very easy to use and clean, and also easy to remove and replace to allow adults to use the toilet.  One caution: the splash guard in front will not always catch everything, especially if our son is not sitting centered and aligned with it, or if he moves around.  You'll need to watch out for this, and you'll likely have a little spillage from time to time.  Perhaps the next version can offer an expanded splashguard.  I still think this seat is very much worth buying."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter was scared of falling in the toilet when she first started potty training.  She was so scared that she would wait until the very last second to go and she would have accidents because of it.  With this training seat she fit perfectly and her fear was over.  We ended up purchasing 3 of these because they worked so well.I am only giving it four starts though because we did find that she would hurt her booty and &#34;parts&#34; some times when she would try to slide up on it.  I understand why the bump in the front is there (to stop kids from peeing out the front of it) but if it could be made with a softer material (at least on the front) it might make it easier and less painful for kids to get on and off of."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the first seat you used for potty training.  I LOVED it for the following reasons: 1. it adjusts to stay in place, 2. it fit all of the toilets in the house (important when you have two round and one elongated toilet), 3. it wasn't padded or cheesy (cheesy characters), and 4. I like that the shape sort of holds the child in.  I potty trained my daughter the week she turned 2 and wanted to be sure that she didn't fall off of the potty, but I also didn't want to deal with emptying a little potty into a big one.  This is a GREAT seat.  I would give it 4 1/2 starts if I could.  We ended up needing a second seat for another toilet and it had handles.  My daughter prefers to have the handles (even if the seat itself is not as secure), especially when she is pooping."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Now I know why the cheap potty seats are so cheap. Wish I has been able to see this side-by-side with the cheap ones. If I had this would have been the one I would have bought. This potty seat is well designed, doesn't rock, and is one piece. It's adjustable and easily fits the toilet at my son's house and the one at my house. My granddaughter wouldn't sit one the \"cheap\" one bought originally but really likes this one. Dry days are coming soon, wish they had these when my kids were at this stage."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have a very large (and very precocious) 18 month boy who is doing GREAT with this! I just came back to order another one for upstairs after carrying one back and forth for 1.5 weeks. Super portable (but easier to have one on each floor!), I've already followed another reviewer's advice to pop it in a tote bag for when we're out and about- that way, he's not afraid of using the sometimes huge potties in stores! I can't compare this to any other seats (well, we also got an actual potty chair just in case, but he's not interested), but this has worked great so far. Very comfy, and no spraying or damaged boy parts- spray guard works great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This seat has such great reviews, I didn't think I could go wrong with it. We've had it for over 2 years now, and I'm getting fed up with cleaning up the mess. At first the splash guard wasn't tall enough, and everything ended up on the floor and on my son's clothes. Now, that he knows to tuck it inside and keep his legs closed, the mess is on the regular toilet seat. I have to clean the toilet seat every time I lift the BabyBjorn potty seat. Also, it would have been nice not having to remove the seat every time, and just flip it instead.Anyway, an overpriced item in my opinion. And I can't believe it has such great reviews. Maybe I'll change my mind about it once my daughter is old enough to start using it. But for now, not very impressed."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Here is what I like about this:- you can adjust some fitting with the turn of a dial on the inside back of the seat so that it doesn't shift when on the Toilet (this way I can use it on different toilet bowls and it sits steady)- just one piece (that way things don't get in between the pieces), less mess and easy to clean- contoured etc and all the stuff they say in their descriptionWhat I wish was different:  I wish that the seat was a little cushioned.  If he's been on the potty for a while, poor thing has red marks on his butt. (it goes away, just don't like seeing that)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Haven't had the opportunity to need this yet as we are still utilizing the baby potty seated on the floor as our guy is too little to get on the regular potty yet.  However, wanted to get everything together and ready when we will need it.  This seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a \"snap on\" deflector (for boys).  Purchased 2 of these, one for myself at my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law at theirs, as they are in the process of potty training our grandson.  It was easy to adjust to fit our regular seats, and I now have it on a hook next to the regular potty when the time comes that we are ready to use it.  I also purchased the stool and potty book...and am ready whenever my kiddies are.  Highly recommend this seat as it very well made."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son is 3 years old and I potty trained him in 1 day. I purchased this toilet seat along with a potty book for boys (and no potty). He learned to go on this by itself, I was amazed at how fast he learned. All I had to do was get rid of the diapers and buy him big boy underwear to start the potty journey. It took a day of \"accidents\", but it was well worth it. This toilet seat is versatile and you can take it along anywhere you go! I highly recommend it -- no need for a potty either :)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this item after reading the reviews for it here on Amazon.  I have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this Baby Bjorn is SO MUCH better!PROS--Easily adjustable to fit most (if not all) toliet seats.-Snug fit; doesn't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-Ergonomic design; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat; Much more so than the \"cushioned\" one I mentioned prior.-Would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-Very estically pleasing.-One fluid piece so it is easy to clean; no grooves, creases, etc. to have to worry about.-Durable; something I can definitley hold onto for our next baby.CONS-N/A ;)I would highly recommend this item.  It's worth the extra $10 you'll pay for it over the cheaper ones!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "my son loves it!i bought 4 different brands for him to try out and this is the best one!perfect shape, perfect comfort, perfect size for a 4 yr old. (potty trained now)sometimes, he sits on this for a long time....so i know it's very comfortable....LOLthe handle helps germophobic mommies. and it easy to wash too.the pee cover should be higher though as he has to hold down his thing so as not to pee all over the toilet floor.even with that, it is still a 5 star rating!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this for use while visiting my parents. It is okay for something like that, but I would not use it for much else.I have a very active 2 year old who does not always want to take time to sit on the potty. She can easily scoot accross the floor while seated on it.It might be good if you have a very early potty trainer or one on the (very) smaller side. My daughter is about 35 inches tall and her knees come to her chest while seated on this."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this potty after reading the reviews and trying to decide on the little or big potty.  I didn't think the small one would be a problem, since  my 18-month old son is on the small side.  However, after receiving it, I would only recommend this potty to those who are doing EC or for travel. My son seems to like it, but he looks huge on it and it will not last for long.  It also slides all over the tile floor like someone mentioned.  I really wish I would have bought the Bjorn big potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used this chair starting when my daughter was around 8 months old and it was the perfect fit for her.  It was comfortable (or so it seemed) and easy to keep clean!She is 18 months now and we still use it often every day and we have more than gotten our money's worth - but I think she is getting a bit big for it now.  I am eyeing moving up to the regular size Bjorn potty seat, which I hope will be a little more comfortable for her height."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I own two of these potties.  We're practicing elimination communication and these potties are the perfect size for infants!  I love that there aren't any extra bells and whistles to get in the way of easy clean up.We have one in blue and one in yellow.  My only complaint is that the yellow one came with huge black scuff marks and scratches all over it.  Even with extensive scrubbing, I can't get all the black off.  Obviously, this doesn't affect useability, but I feel robbed paying full-price for something that looks like it's been thrown under a bus.  I'm sure Amazon would have accepted it as a return, but what new parent has the time for that?  Big disappointment!  Especially since the yellow color was sooooo cute!  Way cuter than the blue - which, in comparison, seems a bit dull."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this potty chair after much research and also owning another one - a Winnie the Pooh Potty chair with a removable urine shield that pops off too easily and just asks to be lost.  This chair is so much better that it doesn't even compare.  Our son has been using it to go to the bathroom (so far just pee pees :) ) for several months and loves it.  In contrast, he is lukewarm about the other chair.The best things about this chair:1)  Simple two piece design means that it is easy to clean.  The bowl lifts out and rinses easily.  Other potties seem to have 5 or more pieces, just asking for places to trap dirt.  Not a good thing with a potty2)  built in urine shield (into the bowl) works great and our son loves sitting on it.  It is a nightly ritual before his bath.3)  inexpensiveDownside?  We haven't found a downside yet."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This potty is just great.  My baby has been using this since she was 9.5 months old.  I love the fact that it has a chair-back so she doesn't need me to physically support her when she's on it.  All I have to do is watch her nearby.  It's really well made and very sturdy.  Also, the basin is big enough that it holds everything without spills and mess.  She doesn't mind sitting on it for 10 monutes in the mornings to do her thing...and she does pretty much without fail.  We haven't had to change a poop diaper for weeks now.  One of the most useful items I bought for the baby!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think what makes this potty work well for my twins is the high arms.  They like to sit on it and started the day it arrived.  Also, it arrived in one day.  But they fought over the right to sit on it and I was made to buy a second one.  I have them in white and blue.There is something about this potty that makes a little one understand its purpose.  I couldn't believe how comfortable they are for them sitting on it, due to the arms and back and overall design.  I think the price was favorable and feel great about the purchase of these two potty chairs.They're right now in the early stages of learning.  We'll be using these for awhile I expect."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We owned our last blue babybjorn potty for over 10 years. It survived 4 children.  Unfortunately, it was accidentally cleaned with a substance that ruined the coating.We decided to go with a bjorn again and we are please with this one.  It is a large potty seat so this will fit a large child.  The white part removes easily so that it can be given a quick rinse.A child can lean back and not fall off the potty. The seat is big enough so a child can sit easily without hurting themselves.Overall, I am please with the purchase."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We were using a Bjorn Little Potty (which they don't make anymore) for a long time. But as my son grew, he kept overshooting and it was becoming a problem. At Grandma and Grandpa's house they had the Bjorn Smart Potty, which seemed to work better for him. I figured the Bjorn potties have been working well for us, lets try the top of the line Potty Chair!And its working great, the bowl rinses easily. Sometimes a little pee dribbles over the side, but its easy to rinse the whole chair in the tub. I keep it on a little rug to catch the dribbles and just throw that in the wash as needed. Any potty (with boys using it) is going to have occasional dribbles.And my son was pretty excited when it arrived!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this potty chair!My son barely used it, just for the beginning month of his potty training but it had many very nice qualities and I would recommend it highly.The color is pretty and the chair is cute. I like my bathroom to look nice and it didnt bother me to see this in there every day.The skid rubber on the bottom really hung on to the ground well, even in those times when some bath water had gotten on the floor. It is very stable and wont move around on you or your toddler.the design is simple, which means that clean up is simple as well. the removable piece just comes out and is a breeze to clean.The high back and sides make it safer for wiggly toddlersI loved everything about this and am glad I shelled out the extra money... not only that but when it was time to sell it I got a decent amount of money for it because its a name brand and they are so expensive"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our three year old son immediately loved this chair (we ordered it in his \"favowit\" color green).  He is fairly tall for his age but can still sit in it comfortably and it looks like shorter children could as well.  My only complaint is that when he stands to tinkle, the urine inevitably hits the back of the seat and the design is such that it leaks underneath.  It's easy for us to clean because we have mostly hardwood or tile floors but I can wouldn't recommend this for homes with mostly carpeting.  I know our son likes to have his potty chair in various rooms in the house so it could make quite a mess.  Other than that, though, it's lightweight, easy to transport if needed, easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "First time potty training for our 14 months daughter.  Too many choices available on the market, but trusted all the other reviews on Amazon. This no frills potty chair doesnt look like much, but I really think they did a wonderful job designing it.  Easy to clean, and my toddler isnt uncomfortable sitting on it to go potty.  The high back rest helps alot, because she tends to sit far back to get comfortable.  Its very stable and we dont worry about it tipping over.Good value, nice design, and definitely easy to clean.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 2.5 year old just wants to play with this and not use it as a potty. She discovered that the seat insert makes a great cowboy hat and is also fun to stand in and push around the house and put her toys inside and underneath it. I tried every rookie mom mistake to get her to take it seriously and nothing seems to be working. She only wants to potty train on the real toilet and, hey, that's not a bad thing. Just wish I knew before I bought it! I'd suggest starting with the real toilet and a seat to fit on top before buying this. Otherwise, it's a great potty chair! I think it's well made, a good size and has a nice simple design. That's why I gave it 4 stars."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the ONLY potty I've found that's perfect for boys! The pee-pee guard is integrated to the seat, so it won't fall off, and is high enough to \"keep it all in\" if you know what I mean! =) I had to order 3 since it's seriously the only one he'll even sit on anymore! We have 4 different types/brands, but he (and I) hates them all. This one is truly THE BEST. Super-easy to dump and clean, he likes to do it himself, and the bottom of the potty is rubber-lined so it doesn't slide around when he sits down/gets up. It's also a really good size \"bowl\", some are waaay too small to neatly go potty in. AWESOME potty and the only one I would ever reccomend!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was originally looking at buying a potty chair that had all the bells and whistles, flush noises, music, lights, the works.  Then I thought, wait a minute, the regular potty doesn't have those things.  She wants one like mommies! I got this for her after being asked repeatedly to read \"the potty book for girls\" She was immediately  sitting on it without any prompting. Once I finally took her pants off she went right away.  We are still working on going always on the potty, but she loves the potty itself.  It is very basic and sturdy.  My daughter had no problem sitting with the little guard on the front.  I like that it has a separate bowl and my daughter is so proud when she can take it out and flush it down the \"big\" potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have two of these - one for upstairs, and one for downstairs. It's great for our 2.5 year old boy who is learning to use the potty, and easy for us as parents to try to get him to use it.Pros:- There's a barrier/guard in the front so he doesn't pee everywhere. It's a huge improvement over other potties - sometimes boys just don't get that they need to hold it down.- The potty part removes easily for cleanup and pouring out.- It has a back so he doesn't fall off of it when trying to sit down. Sometimes sitting is a bit iffy at his age.- It's nonslip on the bottom, so it doesn't push around when he goes to sit.Cons:- A &#34;pour spout&#34; or something would be great along the back side."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have found that Baby Bjorn potty products are the best on the market and doesn't break the pocket book! It's oblong vs round so urine and poop stays in the pot. The built in splash guard is great! It's easy to clean and light weight, but built tough. Variety of colors. My triplets are all different shapes and sizes. We have a very large boy and has plenty of room for him. Our other son is a bit small for his age and because the pot is oval there is no leg stretching and no \"falling in\". Our daughter is long and very thin. She has no problems what so ever on this! Her tiny behind doesn't fall in or slip or anything. The splash guard never gets in her way! It's just the best! Other moms who see this ask where they can get one! Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Got this for my daughter (shes 2).  I like it real well.  She is a smaller child and it fits pretty good.  She can sit on it and on feel like she's going to fall in.  I would recommend this to others.  I also got the step stool. She likes to run over to the sink and wash her hands when she's done....The step is nice too.BabyBjorn Safe Step - White(I got the pink one to match her seat)It stays put and is sturdy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm really surprised at the 5 star reviews for this potty chair. If I had back all the time I have spent cleaning pee up off the floor I would be so happy. The splash guard is way too short, my son just pees right over the top of it. I do like the separate potty and it's easy to clean but I still have to clean the whole chair because it simply doesn't hold in the pee stream. Ugh. I'm retiring it as soon as I get a different potty chair. MESSY."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This potty works very well for us.  My son likes that it is his size (we also have a potty seat for the toilet which he isn't so into).  It is light enough that he can move it himself, but the rubber grip on the bottom keeps it from slipping when he sits.  I can see how other children may have problems bumping themselves on the splash guard, which you can't remove, but this hasn't been a problem for him.  Also, we have had no problems whatsoever with pee going everywhere as other reviewers have.Pros:Easy to cleanGrips to the floorSturdyGood colorsRounded edgesCons:Can't remove the splash guardInside bowl can be removed easily by the child"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We are taking a soft approach with potty training our 21 month old. He likes his potty chair and can sit on it comfortably, though isn't really using it much yet. Like the chair, purchased 2 of them in different colors, good size for tall 21 month old and easy to clean. I knock off one star only because I can tell the \"splash control\" on front for a boy isn't going to be perfect, but I think that is likely to be a problem with every potty chair out there...and no big deal since I plan to keep the potty in the bathroom only. If we do decide to take it to another room I will absolutely put something under it to protect the floors."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This thing is the perfect height for the boys (youngest has been sitting on it since he was 18 months, and the oldest is 4.5) to sit comfortably.  It is really easy to clean and there are no crannies for icky bits to get into.  It's pretty unobtrusive color wise, but it is kind of large. There was one incident where my older son pinched his fingers between the &#34;cup&#34; and the base, but he has since learned and we haven't had any more issues.  There is a band of rubber on the base to keep it from sliding around and it does a good job, but it seems to attract all the dust and hair in the bathroom and they stick to it pretty well, so I have to use a wet rag to rub the stuff off it every couple weeks.  Overall, great product and not too pricey."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is my 5th potty chair and so far the best for a boy that I have found.  The pee still splashes out occasionally, but far less than all the other brands.  It makes me so mad that they don't have boy-specific potty's.  The splash guards are always too small and they leak ( like our defective Thomas potty seat)  So I am happy to have this one as a big improvement.  My son is on the large side he is 34 pounds and 36 inches tall and just turned 2 last month. He fits on it just fine and likes that he can lean back."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Everything I read said to keep the potty as basic as possible.You can't get more basic than this potty and the winning factor for me is that it is so easy to clean.There aren't any cracks or crevices you need to worry about.I bought it long before I knew my child was ready to use it and placed it in the bathroom as someplace she can hang out while Mommy was in the potty.  If your child was like mine, she wanted to follow you everywhere, even the bathroom.She started sitting on her potty to emulate me.After a bit, she asked to take her pants off and that's how we started potty learning.Since the basin is one wrap around tub, I just life it off to clean and put it back.  No need to snap things or worry about cleaning crevices.I also like that it is the right size.  The back helped stabilize her when she was really small and now as an older toddler, it still fits her just fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Easy to clean.The &#34;lip&#34; at the front pretty much prevents boys from making a huge mess while on the potty, but there are not any rough edges to catch skin.Easy to take the &#34;bowl&#34; off to pour the contents in the toilet.  Even my 2 (almost 3) year old can easily pour in toilet without too many spills.I like the back and the arm rests on the sides. Makes it comfortable for the child, especially when we initially began using the potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Overall this is a nice little training potty.  Simple design, high back for comfort and easy to clean.  My son seems to like it just fine but I wish it had a taller splash guard.  My son is 20months old, 3+ ft tall and weighs a little over 30lbs.  He fits on this potty just fine but he ALWAYS tinkles over the splash guard so I have to aim his weewee down for him.  I would not let my son use this by himself at this point (we've only just started potty training) because odds are I will end up with tinkle all over the floor."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have just started potty training my 22-month old, and haven't used this chair very much.  It is sturdy and doesn't look like it will slide on the floor or accidentally tip over.  It is a good size for a toddler and comes in lots of great colors. I bought this because I read many lukewarm reviews on the potty chairs that sing and light up and do fancy things like dispense stickers...we wanted something simple and basic, and this fits the bill. My only complaint is that the inner bowl, while very easy and quick to remove and clean, can be a blessing and a curse: when my daughter sits on it for any length of time, it sticks to her skin, and has almost spilled when she stands up too fast.  That is the only thing to watch out for.  Other than that, it is great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this because of the excellent reviews, so I felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.My son is 3'3\" & 30 pounds. (he is almost 3 yr old) He does fit on this potty, but it leaves horrible red marks in his inner thighs after only sitting on it a few minutes. It hurt his bottom so badly that he cried & said \"oh mommy my legs!\" It's not great to start potty training with a painful experience. He is now afraid of it.I don't know if my son just has very sensitive skin or if it's because he is too big for the chair, but I switched to a soft seat that goes on the big toilet & we are trying that now. I wouldn't recommend this potty for larger children."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was the second potty we bought for our son, who is almost 3.  In one word - horrible.  I had a lot of hope that, with all the excellent reviews, we'd find success with this one.  The basic issue is the splash guard, which really doesn't work at all.  Pee still goes everywhere.  I'd love to find one of the old-fashioned potties with the high cupped splash guard - but that's nearly impossible.  If I had known that this potty would be no better than others I've tried, I would have saved my money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My husband insisted that our son would potty train with those on the adult toilet seat inserts.  We bought all different types.  Potty training just wasn't working.  I actually researched many of these potty chairs right here on amazon and the Babybjorn had the best reviews and comments, so I managed to convince my husband that we should at least try it.  Best decision ever.  My son's potty training excellerated.  Now he enjoys sitting on this potty.  It's the best height for him and he even likes emptying the receptical into the big toilet.  Easy to clean. Now my youngest likes to just sit on this potty, even fully clothed.  He feels like a big boy copying what his brother does.  Very glad we made the decision to go with this basic floor potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our daughter uses this every morning as part of early potty training. She has low muscle tone, so we needed a potty chair that would be supportive and comfortable enough for her, and this one does the trick. She seems very comfortable sitting on it, I think because of its high back and the little bump in front that kind of keeps her in the right position. I also like this chair because the little potty bucket is smooth, without many little creases, nooks or crannies where, um, germs might get stuck -- so it's very easy to clean. That's a relief for me!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We actually started with the potty inserts that go right on top of the regular toilet (built in type, portable type, and a cushioned type).  My son was refusing to use that to potty train, and we decided to try this one instead.  It took awhile, but now he's using this exclusively.He likes it because it is just his size, doesn't require help from us, and can be put right in front of the tv (we'll have to change this last one soon!).  He will even wait to pee when we are out so he can use his &#34;small potty&#34; at home instead of public toilets.We like it because he uses it, it is easy to clean with the white part coming right out of the chair, and the splash guard is great for the boys.  There's a smaller version of this chair without the back that we take with us when we are out or on vacation too."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wanted a small potty chair that would be easy for our 18 month old to sit on. We didn't pressure her to use it, but would casually ask. She would run in and sit on it, read on it, and sing songs. Fast forward to when she is 22 months and she now asks to go potty and will actually use it for that purpose!  Still in the potty training process, but this is a great starter tool.  I specifically got the white with splash guard so that it was the same color as the adult toilet in all the bathrooms and also so we could see if she went."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought two potties before I realized that my boy had a big bottom and most other potties have really small opening and no pee guard in the front.  I broke down and bought this.  This doesn't have the bells and whistles like some other potty.  But it's beauty is its simplicity.  he is able to sit and do his business, carry the urine/poop container to the toilet and rinse it all by himself (he was not even 2 yet!).  I would highly recommed the potty training book \"Potty training in less than a day\".  it's out of print but you might find an used copy on [...]."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a child sized toilet.  It is attractive looking.  We have one for our downstairs bathroom and the kids bathroom as well as at the grandparent's house.  Our 2 year old was easily toilet trained on this and love it.  I think it is easy to clean, just remove the inner seat, empty, and rinse.  My son is approaching 3 and can now help with that.  I also like that we can leave it in our half bath and not have to move it when guests come over or when an adult wants to use the toilet.  We are big fans of this."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love that this seat makes it comfortable for our little boy compared with the wider conversion style potty chairs (the ones that turn into step stools) because the back is higher and it has arm rests.  Another great perk is that it takes up significantly less space.  Makes it easier to keep it conveniently located for your toddler.  Also, despite its 'lack' of bell and whistles it is easy to clean and safe.  The no skid rubber bottom is an excellent feature!  Highly recommend this potty chair!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our son just turned two and we have begun introducing him to his own potty.  This chair is great.Pros:1- Sturdy.  He leans forward to get a wayward car or his stuffed teddy and it does not tip forward with him2- Catches all of the day's product, nothing has escaped yet- the guard is tall enough.3- Easy to take the pot out and dump into the toilet but because he is sitting on it, no chance for him to pull it out and dump while he is sitting.4- Easy to clean (the most important?)Con:1- Once he has stuck to the pot and when he stood up quickly, it stuck to him and dumped.  A minor problem in the grand scheme of things and it has not happened since.We bought one for grandma's house and would recommend highly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was looking for a potty to use for baby potty training, he's 6 months old and in the 25th precentile. I saw that some people commented that it was small, which is what i was actually looking for, and it works great for us. The back is great, he can sit on quite comfortably, so long as I entertain him!He has used successfully, and it's really easy to empty. I just add some water if needed and flush it, the seat just lifts out.There is an imprint on his bum after he gets up, but he doesn't seem to mind.Here's a tip: since he still pretty short and his feel don't reach the floor, I use something to put his feet on for leverage, and it really helps. The baby wipes container is perfect."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn.  Unfortunately, I haven't even given birth yet and I already know they're not going to hold up to the demands of a newborn wetting even once in them.The pros: inexpensive.The cons: These diapers are horribly rough, even after a washing.  The fabric is fraying and even triple folded, these things do not hold liquid.  Since I'd already washed them I figured I could at least use them for dish towels, but they merely move the water around on whatever surface you're trying to dry, they don't absorb.Save your money and skip these...and buy a higher quality cloth diaper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I just want to start of saying that I had purchased these with the intent of cloth diapering my baby.  I had used Gerber flatfolds and prefolds on my first two children back in 2000 and 2002.  They were amazingly awesome back in the day, so I'm wondering what on earth happened.These are very thin . . . I mean see through thin.  I couldn't even use them as a changing, shoulder or lap pad in a pinch. Any baby \"mishap\" would immediately seep through.  Not only that, they feel very rough - not something you'd want to rub on a newborn baby's skin to clean spit-up or drool.I feel bad for giving such a poor review because I'm normally a huge fan of Gerber products.  I just think that these are pointless and a waste of money.  You can find better flatfolds for nearly the same price as these.  As far as burp cloths, the Gerber prefold diapers work awesome for those."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These looked huge when I took them out of the package! Don't worry they will shrink down a little after the first wash. These are absorbent and great for burp cloths because you don't have to worry about staining them. They are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached. After the first wash, they might not be as soft was you would wish but after a few washes this is not an issue. In short, I love them. I have 2 packages of them and I use them every day. I have cute ones that I might use outside of the house, but these are definitely my first choice.My auntie recommended them to me and I am very thankful for that! She used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my house."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Yep, flat diapers are indispensible for baby.  But skip the Gerbers!I'd decided to cloth diaper, and got some fantastic (big, thick, soft) birdseye flats for $12 per dozen, online (Google flat diapers).At the shower I was given some of these, and I thought \"cool, some cheapies for the non-diapering situations.\"I was shocked to find they're not that cheap, and even more shocked at the (lack of) quality.  After 5 weeks, these are still sitting untouched on the shelf, even though my tendency to grab my \"diapering diapers\" for everything has me running short on diapers a lot!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are the only bottles I use and they work well.  They are very durable & dishwasher safe. I have a medela pump also. My daughter is breastfed and feeds from these well, except for with the slow flow nipples - I recommend a fast flow nipple unless you want to take over a half hour to feed your baby while he/she struggles to get the milk out.  I should mention that she is not picky (becasue some babies are)about what type/brand of nipple she uses as long as the flow is not too slow."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The bottle quality isn't great for the price.  Dr. Brown's bottles (the narrow ones) screw right into the Pump In Style.  So you can pump and use, just as you would with these bottles. If you use regular bottles, the Evenflo set is 1/3 of the price and fits right in. Or you can buy Evenflo bottles without the nipples for $4.99 to pour into other brands of bottles.  I use Dr. Brown's - since those are pricey, when I use up all of those, I just use the Evenflo to store extra milk and pour it into the Dr. Brown's bottles."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got the Medela bottles because I intended on breast feeding my child. Unfortunatly I was unable to do that. But these bottles work wonderfully with formula!My daughter retains much less air with the Medela nipples and she seems to prefer the shape as well. I found that when I sterilize Gerber nipples they become \"gummy\" and \"sticky\", but the Medela brand holds up very well in our sterilizer.I think the Medela bottles stand the test of time, which ends up saving you money in the long run and my baby LOVES them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I use the pump-in-style advanced breastpump, and I really like that these bottles screw right into the pump assembly.  I like having many bottles on hand so that I don't need to wash them every day.  I don't freeze my milk in these (I use Gerber bags), but they're great for temporary storage until pouring into the feeding bottles.  I use Avent bottles as my baby seems to like the shape and flow of the newborn nipples (these nipples seem too fast-flowing)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have 2 packs in different sizes. On the package it's advertized as a burp cloth. I've used it over a pillow on my lap, but it's too stiff to use over your shoulder. It's good at trapping moisture and keeping the surface beneath from getting wet or damp. It stayed strong after several washes. I used to lay my daughter on it to protect her mattress or sheets, but I find that it doesn\"t breathe well enough and when she had baby acne it made the break-outs much worse."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product seems great.  You can use it for every purpose which involves your baby.  We have them in different sizes for the Crib, bassinett, playard, and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad.  They absorb great and wash with no problems.  I tumble dry low, that way they keep their shape longer.  Take them everywhere and dont have to worry about laying your little one on hard cold surfaces when diaper changing.  Very affordable and worth every penny.  I highly recommend to every parent."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pad is perfect for our playard. I put it under the sheet and I have no worries about trying to clean the matress board since the material cannot come off. It is very soft, provides an extra layer of padding since playards are so hard, and it can be washed and dried in the machines no problem. Even when we go on vacation we pack it up with the playard. Great investment for your babies saftey, babies confort, your sanity (when trying to wash the playard matress), and what makes this even better is the price!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These cups don't spill, but the liquid comes out too fast for my daughter.  She's 8 months and still on stage 1 nipples because she chokes easily, so that's not the cups fault.  She was drinking water from these yesterday and had it running all down her chin then choked a little.  So if your baby is fine with a faster flow... go for it!  I'm hoping to use these once she's a little older since they really don't leak at all.  She kept holding it upside down and tossing it and nothing came out!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The only time I've had one of these sippy cups leak is from operator error.  I have two kids ages 4.5 and 2.5 and have used several different brands of sippy cups and these are by far the best.  I've gotten rid of most of the sippy cups in my house but did keep these around for when my 2.5 yr old wants a drink of water in her bed at night or if my neices or nephews need one when they come over.  I loved these so much, I couldn't bring myself to get rid of them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My wife purchased these from another store for more than twice the price so I decided to bring down the cost average after we found out that they do not leak. There is a small rubber piece that fits in the spout to control the speed that the liquid comes out. After your child gets old enough you can eliminate the rubber piece. I think these are great to use as soon as you stop using bottles. After you stop using, the rubber flow control piece you can use them until your child grows out of sippy cups or you lose them. Great choice. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have a 3 1/2 year old and a 1 1/2 year old and have had my fare share of sippy cups to use clean sometimes throw many away. I use to think that using the soft sippy cups  was a great transition from bottles..NOT!! these are the best they are easy to clean they dont leak everywhere and they hold the perfect amount of liquid. I have found that children with teeth chew on the soft tip and it is no longer leek proof which makes night time a big pain, anyways these are awsome and i defiantly recommend them. I got the purple and pink one since they very but i didnt mind its not like having a pink sippy cup makes my son gay or anything so people are so silly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "While I agree these cups don't leak, they are difficult to get clean. The underside of the lid has crevasses around the mouth bit that are deep and narrow and almost impossible to get really clean.  I have been using ours for awhile and regularly sterilizing in boiling water, but the residue build up in the lid has gotten to the point where I have to toss them and buy new sippy cups. Too bad, as they are great in the no-leak department. I will be buying a kleen kanteen sippy--no leaks, stainless steel and easy to clean."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are fantastic for freezing/storing/reheating breast milk.  Unlike some of the reviews I read, I have experienced no leaking thusfar.  I use a Medela pump and transfer my milk into these containers because they have proven to be so wonderful (and they are acrylic, so reheating is much easier).  My only complaint is that they are slightly too small.  I usually pump more than 4 but less than 8 oz. and so I am forced to either use two containers or sacrifice my milk (which is too precious!).  However, I can deal with the smaller size because overall it is such a great product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these breastmilk storage containers.  They make it so easy to collect the milk, cap it, and store it.  When I need the milk, I just take them out of the freezer, heat it in the bottle heater, put on a nipple and go.  They are great.  Perfect size for my baby who still only drinks about 3-4 ounces per sitting.  I will definitely continue to use these after she outgrows them for milk as baby food containers.  They are great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I use these storage containers for mixing breast milk and rice cereal to feed my daughter while we are out.  I love these containers for this use.  I don't have any problem with leaking and I can feed my daughter straight out of the jar.I gave these 4 stars because I didn't get any use out of these for storing breastmilk in the freezer (which is why I registered for them in the first place).  It takes FOREVER to defrost the breastmilk in these bottles.  I just ended up using the Lansinoh and Gerber milk storage bags because they defrosted quickly and took up much less room in the freezer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This inflatable tub was perfect! A good size, no frills, and a suction cup that worked well for mounting it to the shower wall when we were finished using it. It worked great, until we started noticing slow leaks. We'd super glue one, only to find another a few weeks later. Time to buy a new tub.*Update - all the other tubs have the same negative reviews about splitting seams over time. Since this tub worked so well for us until it split and we love the suction cup, we just bought another one. Ah well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was worried about this purchase reading all the reviews.  So far so good.  My 9 month old son loves the water we use this in the tub for bath time where he splashes and has fun. I bought the Safety 1st Splash Infant Bath Cushion, Blue to go in it.  I use that sometimes as I don't find the bottom of the tub that slippery, my son stands up in it and doesn't slip.But I was worried about safety so I purchased the cushion.We also use it for a swimming pool, sort of.  We have had some very hot days so I take it out side on my deck putting a old blanket underneath & he just sits in it and plays.I like it also when he has diaper rash as I can put the baking soda in the water to help dry it up and the height of the tub allows me to get it high enough over his butt."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used this tub for my baby from about 7 or 8 months old until about 13 months.  It was a great transition from our infant bathtub, giving her more space without using all the water that a full bath would require.  It only took moments to inflate by mouth, and I never needed to add more air.  I liked being able to use the tub in the middle of the big tub so my baby was never in close proximity to the faucet or water controls.  The vinyl is a nice quality, and I ended up using it outdoors as a small wading pool at my mother's house after the baby outgrew it for bath purposes.  Once she started walking it was not long that she learned how to climb out of the sides, but I'm very happy with the job that this tub did for the months we were able to use it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son outgrew his infant tub so I tried to bath him in a regular tub - wasn't having it!  So I needed something fast that could act as a transition tub.  This fit the bill.  I would recommend buying a hand pump to fill it (just be very careful).  I tried to blow it myself and nearly passed out!  I used the pump from my exercise ball and it was inflated and ready to go in minutes.  Just place the plug in the hole and fill!  I am not sure why people have complained about it being slipper - my son stands up just fan when I have to wash his bottom.  He loves it!  My only complaint is that the bottom leaves...um...rear end stains so make sure you keep it clean or at least pre-clean your babies bottom before putting them in.  I always do so I don't know how it stains but it does!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this for our 7 month old twins who have just started sitting up alone but are still a bit wobbly.  The tub is really cute but the bottom panel on the one we got had a leak and would not stay inflated, which completely defeats the purpose of creating a soft surface for them.  We ended up putting the infant bath sponge that we used when they were newborns in the bottom and sitting them on that.  They had a great time splashing and playing.  It's a great tub if you get one that holds air."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this inflatable tub for my son because I wanted to have a portable tub for when I went traveling with him. This tub is great, I even use it at home. I started using this tub when my son was 6 months, he is now 9 months old. Now that he sits up on his own, it's a lot easier to bathe him. I like using this tub better than an infant bath seat because I can wash him more thoroughly, all around instead of having his legs fastened in a tub seat. If you travel, it's a great idea to get an inflatable tub, it's portable, and quite sturdy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My little one outgrew her baby tub around 5 months old. I purchased this item and read the previous reviews. Great item...its cushy for baby and quite large for her and her toys :)  Another great thing is even if the suction cup is wet, it still sticks to the bath tub wall without any problems and doesn't deflate easily (it's been about 2 months and still have not had to inflate the tub since I've purchased the item).Only CON is that as a previous reviewer had mentioned, the tub is slippery. So I bought the Green Spouts bathmat to put in the tub so my daughter does not slip and slide everywhere."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a nice enough tub but nothing special enough to warrant five stars.  I like the Safety 1st Kirby Inflatable Tub better than this one because it is deeper and the bottom plug is cushioned better the SnugTub's.  The SnugTub is slightly longer, though, and that was a key issue.  Why doesn't someone invent a larger toddler tub?  We're trying to postpone having to waste a lot of water filling the entire adult bathtub for our growing toddler's baths.  A vinyl tub that is 9 or 10 inches high and 30 inches long would be perfect and sell well.  There must be lots of other parents looking for a similar transitional tub!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The DEX Pillow is great.  I have been using it for about 3 weeks now and I am 21 weeks along.  The pillow is not overly big and fits nicely under the belly.  I tried the fully body boppy pillow, but had trouble sleeping with it and I had trouble with having to adjust it again after turning over.  This pillow is easy to change sides with.  Before pregnancy I slept on my belly.  I find that this pillow has really helped me transition from being a belly sleeper to a side sleeper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think we bought this for $8. I was in the market for a snoogie but couldn't bring myself to pay $60 for a pillow I would only use for a few months. I am 7 months along and I didn't realize that I needed to 'lift' my belly a bit. Works great. A lot more sturdy than I thought. I'm glad it's not memory foam because I need a 'lift' not to sink in. I gave it 4 stars only because I have 2-3 more months to go in my pregnancy.A great buy! A great little size that does the job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm 28 weeks pregnant, and have been having trouble sleeping with the extra tummy weight so I thought this would help.  However, this didn't really help me sleep better at all, if anything it made it worse.  It was very uncomfortable.  Maybe I'll try it again later when my tummy gets even bigger.***UPDATE***  Now that I am 33 weeks, I use this support pillow every night.  Once my tummy got bigger, the pillow was no longer uncomfortable and actually helps support my belly very much.  Now I can't sleep without it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As other reviewers have mentioned, this is not for car seats.  However, it doesn't have to do with crash testing issues.  The technician who installed my car seat told me to never ATTACH anything to my car seat (including toys) that didn't come with the seat, and the way these headrests fit, that is considered to be attached.  The reason had to do with how your baby will fit in the seat.  It's the same reason you are not supposed to put your baby in a car seat when he or she is extremely bundled up- you end up securing the clothing more than the baby.  The technician did recommend the rolled blanket idea- the blankets will not cause harm to your baby in a crash, and they do not interfere with how the baby fits in the seat at all.I am using mine in the stroller and his swing.  It works well for these items.  I give it three stars because it is not totally useless."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I don't really know if this thing works or not because my 8 mo old refuses to have anything to do with it. Keep in mind that she puts anything & everything in her mouth, will eat any food I try to feed her & is currently teething. It seems like a great idea for that short transition period between mush & solids. This particular one appealed to me because it's not dyed & it's made in the USA. As to whether or not it works? I will never know!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "At first I really liked this. My 9 month old daughter loved munching on fruit with this. But, when I tried to clean it I realized that it was a bit more work than I expected. You can purchase new netting for it but why spend the extra money when you can buy one by Munchkin at Target for less? The Munchkin brand has a levered top so you don't have a bunch of seperate parts to monkey with. Also - not to be weird but on a taste test the Munchkin brand had no taste while this one seemed to have a little, bitter taste. For $3.00 go with the Munchkin one. You will need to not only run it through the dishwasher but also give it a thorough once over. Sometimes little bits if food gets stuck in the netting (but in this one and the munchkin brand). Whichever you decide to go - this is a great invention!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this as a shower gift from my sister-in-law.  When I received it, I had NO idea what is was or what it was for.  Needless to say, my perception of this has significantly changed (for the BETTER!) I use this for my 7 1/2 month old son with canned pears, pieces of apple and canned peaches...Just cut up the canned fruits/veggies to fit in the bag, and let your little one have at it! Better yet, when they're teething, freeze cubes of juice, and put the cube(s) in the bag--they'll thank you for it! They'll throughly enjoy feeding themselves (albeit making a mess too)...but more importantly, they are LEARNING to feed themselves as well as about the textures and consistencies of food other than the pureed versions they're so used to.  It's durable and EASY to clean, and replacment \"bags\" are found pretty much any child store."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this to help with teething and help my baby explore new food without choking.  Overall , it's pretty good.  I think you can buy this one and not the \"Starter Kit.\"  All you really need is one set.  I have tried it with ice, which she loves, and peas and a frozen peach.  It is a huge mess, which I can deal with.  The main issue I have with it is that the mesh is pretty thick so it's hard for her to actually get any food out of it.  It is easy to clean and she likes it overall.  I wouldn't say this is one of my indispensable baby items though."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It was okay while it lasted but then the mesh started unraveling at the seams. I like the concept of this but in practical use, my 7.5 month old wasn't thrilled about using this. The handle is a bit heavy and I wondered why they couldn't make it a little lighter to hold. My baby ends up holding onto the mesh part of this b/c the handle is too heavy for her. Eating out of this does get really messy but that's going to happen any time babies try to feed themselves. In comparison to the Munchkin Feeder I bought, this is nice in that the handle screw off but the Munchkin feeder is much more durable and the mesh is easier to clean."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think this is a great idea. I only used it a couple times for foods. At that time she was having trouble mastering how to hold the handle and soon after that she was able to pick up foods on her own and was pretty good at chewing. I LOVE this product for when she is teething. I put a couple ice cubes in it and wet it under the faucet so it doesn't stick to her lips. She gets upset when the ice is gone. My daughter is 11 months and has been teething almost none stop since 3 months...Currently she is cutting her first molars and this helps for her to suck on it and get the cold water back farther than a teething ring would."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had been using the Gerber bags for quite a while when I ran out and decided to try some of the Medela bags that came with my pump.I frequently just couldn't seem to get the bags to completely seal - and I had NEVER had this problem with the Gerber bags.I always ended up making a mess when trying to use the 'spout' at the bottom of the bag.And the worst part - I didn't realize the twist-ties were cutting into the sides of the bags on more than one occasion.  I took the bag out of the freezer and into the fridge to thaw and ended up with a shelf full of breastmilk.Maybe these bags work for supermoms, but they didn't work well for busy, sloppy me.  Apparently I can handle a ziploc baggie but not a twist tie!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for and received these Medela bags.  After using all 50, I got a few free Lansinoh bags with my breast pad purchase.  Wow!! I will never go back to Medela.  The reason I registered for them is because everyone says they are strong and don't leak.  Well this is the only good feature.  The Lansinoh bag is strong as well, easy to close (DOUBLE zip-lock Vs. Medela's bothersome twisty ties), easy to get the air out (unlike Medela's), and the Lansinoh's take-up WAY less room in the freezer! Stacking Medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape...and thawing will be difficult because I can see I'll need to watch that the milk doesn't spill out the top.  With Lansinoh I won't have to worry about that.  My medela bags haven't split in the freezer...I'll give them that.  But neither has my Lansinoh bag."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really liked the Medela products at first, but I never really liked these bags, mainly because you have to tie them with a folded over twist tie to close them.  If you get too much milk in the bag, it will leak when you close it up.  Then one of my bags tipped over in the freezer and it leaked, causing a frozen puddle of breast milk in my brand new freezer to clean.  Plus, the bag got stuck in the puddle.I have also used the Gerber bags, and I liked those much better."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If you are looking to make a mess, lose milk and get frustrated, these are the bags for you.  First, these bags do no stand up on there own and it is very inconveniant to carry a little cup around to help fill the bag. You have to string the twist-tie into each bag by yourself.  Also you are supposed to tear the little tab on the bottom of the bag to get the milk out.  It's not that easy.  The first time I did it I lost a whole bunch of milk.  Your better off untwisting the tie and pouring it from there.  The worst thing about the bag is that they have leaked a few times that my caregiver was warming up the milk.  This never happened with the other bags on the market.  My favorite is lansinoh.  Another bag thing about these Medela bags are that they are more expensive than the others.  Pass on this and try others."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bags leave a lot to be desired.  They don't stand up on their own so you have to set them in a cup when they have milk in them.  They don't lie down flat, so you can't freeze them in a nice flat layer to stack in the freezer.  The twist-tie top causes the bags to freeze with a lot of folds and ridges at the neck - this made it impossible for me to open a frozen bag to add more milk later on.  And I've never been able to tear open the little tab at the bottom to get the milk out - I have to snip the edge with a scissors, which I'm sure defeats the purpose of having a nice, sterile inside.  All in all, I'm really disappointed in these bags, and the only positive side to them is I haven't had any burst in the freezer...yet."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Something like this is a great idea, but when I called to ask the fire dept. to inspect my car.  They said not to add any after-market things to car seats or seat belts. The firefighter said this could weaken the seat belt over time and it may break in a crash. They also said that the headrest for the infant seat was dangerous because it adds more room between baby and the seat, which may cause the baby to be injury seriously in an accident.I took both out of my car. The mighty tite is just collecting dust.  I have no plans of using it or giving it away.  If I can't find a use for it, I'll probably throw it away.  The headrest is in the bouncer or the swing. They are great for around-the-house everyday use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this sheet because I believed everything should be &quot;form fitting&quot; if my son was to be in it - to prevent possible suffocation, choking....This sheet was so rough I could not lay my baby on it.  After washing 3-4 times with loads of fabric softener - no difference.I used it once and it's been in the closet ever since.I ended up putting a thin blanket in the packnplay and tucking it into the sides instead.  It was soft, and when my child was sleeping he didn't pull it out.If and when I use the pack and play as a playpen, I may pull the sheet out and try again.  For the basinett - don't bother."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We own these sheets and they are great specially for my nephew..they seem \"thin\" but actually they are not to thin...i washed them many times from baby puke...these sheets has saved our travel yard from the evil smell of vomit! and i put a light weight blanket under him (on top of the sheet.) when he was a newborn/1month old...these sheets kept our play yard very clean!! and we love them and will buy more when baby #2 comes! we also have the yellow one and this green one..they both get used daily and washed daily (if puke happens) and we love the easy on and easy off!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this item (in a different color) two years ago for my son.It is NOT waterproof- but what SHEET is?!  I recommend purchasing a 27\" size BRU Especially for Baby Brand waterproof pad to go under the sheet (Just like you would buy a waterproof cover for your crib mattress!).  The sheet will hold the pad in place and fit perfectly over top both the pad and mattress.This sheet is durable and launders easily.I was so pleased with this product, I would purchase it again!  In fact, I did!  I am expecting TWINS, so I purchased another sheet in this color and also TWO of the smaller size for my two Graco Travel Lite Cribs/PNP's.Good job, Graco for coming up with yet another GREAT product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this sheet for my son's Colby Pack n Play as a spare for when his original aheet requires washing.  There's not much to say about a sheet. To me, a sheet's a sheet.  The price could have been a bit better but the color is nicer and doesn't show stains as much as some lighter colored sheets do.  I would recommend this over white, yellow, certain blues and pinks.  For the purpose I got this for I have no qualms.  We haven't had any bleeds and the sheet isn't stiff or scratchy.  I would never use this long term but for short term use this is convenient.  I'm glad I got it and I have no complaints but there is only so much raving you ca do about a piece of fabric so I say, buy it as a backup.  You will need it, especially for preemies, newborns and teething babies/toddlers because they can go through several sets of bedcloths a day."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Bought a hundred dollar pack and play and this was my ONLY option for a sheet.  Can't they make the cheap one and a higher end sheet for those who don't mind spending money for better quality??Also, keep in mind your wash loads.  I bought this in navy and then realized that everything else I have for baby is pastels.  Sheet has to be washed seperately from rest of baby's laundry.  Would be better to choose a lighter color that could go into the same load as the rest of the baby's laundry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been through 4 brands of disposables and also have several pairs of these. At first when I was sore and using nipple cream, I used the disposables. The yellow cream stains, so I didn't want to mess up my good pads. After I no longer needed cream, I moved on to the washable ones. I think they are so much softer and more comfortable than the disposables. I forget that I even have them on. I agree with other posters that they may not be as discreet as some of the disposables, but I don't really care. I don't wear too many tight clothes these days and if I did I could use disposables (to me the J&J and Avent disposables are the most discreet). I don't leak much anymore, so these are plenty sufficient to collect leakage. I have four pair. I generally do laundry once a week, with one load at some point mid-week. I'm able to always have some on hand."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought these to help with leaks during engorgement after giving birth. My nipples were raw, sore and a little bloody. Even though I coated my nipples with lanolin after every feeding the pads would still stick to my nipples.  My breasts and nipples already hurt so to have to peel these pads off every two hours was torture.  To make things worse little strands of cotton would dry themselves onto the cracked bleeding parts. Ouch! I found the smooth, cool lycra of my bras was better. A waste of money!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought these to use during the day at work and so far they've worked great. They're easy to wash and dry, I just throw them in with my regular clothes. I didn't give it 5 stars because you can't wear these with thin clothes or they show. I wear them with a bra that has light padding so it works great that way, but if you wear a thin bra with a silk shirt or dress it would show. I love them though and I still have an unopened box of disposable bra pads that I received as a gift and will probably not use. I bought two packs and might get another one so that I don't have to wash them during the week. Why buy disposables? Seems pretty wasteful to me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I didn't think a stool could really make it more comfortable to nurse, but I was wrong!  I used this with an old rocking chair and found that my legs were much more comfortable when propped up - especially during those long nights of rocking!  The stool is well-built and comes ready to use in the box.  The natural wood color is attractive and goes with nearly any decor (just so happens that my crib and baby armoire are also natural wood color).  I imagine this would be a great stool to use if you were nursing on a chair or couch that was stationary as well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have a white crib and the last set of these I bought (years ago) were discolored. These are clear, and look and fit great on our crib. You should definitely measure the width and thickness of the area you want to protect though. I know some people did not, and wrote poor reviews about it when it was clearly buyer error. Our son figured out how to remove the other ones we had, but not these. So far, our nice crib is saved, hopefully for baby #2."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like the idea but in reality didn't work for us.  We would have had to order 3 sets to cover the 4 sides of his crib which gets pricey. The length (from top to bottom) is not enough for his crib either - his rails are more like 2 or 3 inches.  So he can get his bottom chompers underneath these and still go to town on the wood. And of course he pulls them off easily and throws them to the floor too (11 months).  I'm going to order some cloth ones that can be safely tied on-not interested in a DIY project when it comes to ties and cribs."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This power cord protector seems to be working fine so far. My baby isn't one to pry her little fingers into the hole on top so that hasn't been an issue for us. It comes with outlet plugs, which were handy for the empty ones. I don't find the pieces that hook it together difficult to line up. Many people had commented they were difficult so I actually opened and closed it multiple times to test it out. No problem. It takes some minor concentration to line the pieces up. And it is actually white, not the yellow it appears to be in the photo."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is challenging to get open and closed for the adult in the equation. There are a series of little pegs that must fit into little holes to get it to latch. But they are quite challenging to get to line up correctly and heaven forbid you need to get it back open. Now you would think that that's the point of the power strip cover, right? Except the hole that allows the cords to come out the top is so wide that my 9 month old just sticks his hand right inside and can put a finger in the socket. It does come w a couple outlet plugs for the extra slots in your power strip, I was just hoping this would work a wee bit better. If all you really need is to prevent your child from unplugging things from your power strip, than this will work for you."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We are fortunate in the design of our computer desk.  A baby safety gate did the trick for us. Instead of installing a power strip safety cover, I purchased an inexpensive tension safety gate (ten bucks) and pushed it way back under the desk against the wall with all the cords and boxes (routers etc.) behind it.  Keeps his little hands out of everything and I still have room for my chair & feet.  Still trying to find the best solution for protection for 2 other strips in our home. Seems like nothing is perfect."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this for the power strip in our livingroom by our tv.  It does a great job of hiding the strip and the plugs and I like that you can open the part of the on/off switch separate from the section where the plugs are.  But there also lies the problem with this.  The clips on the side are not easy to reattach.  So as long as you don't plan on opening and closing this a lot then it works great.... but if you need a cover over a strip that you need to access a lot, then this one will most likely frustrate you quickly!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was going to get the \"spindle\" changing table from POttery Barn Kids but found this one, at about 1/3rd of the price. This one is even better b/c of the rail that goes around the actual changing area.. i do recommend a contoured changing pad with a comfy cover. i have attached a crib mobile to this table to keep katie happy during diaper time. this changing table looks good in her room, i also bought the Jenny Lind crib. i did get the baskets from PBK to store stuff neatly on the shelves. The only complaint that i have is that the shelves are basically hard cardboard, but dont let that discourage you b/c they really are sturdy and as i mentioned i've got baskets on the shelves so you really dont notice."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These drop-ins are okay - they are not an improvement over an ordinary bottle. Yes, I can simply throw these liners away after using them, but since I still have to wash the bottle's nipple, this system does not save me any time. I use these liners in conjunction with my bottle warmer and they don't melt, which is good. I bought the Playtex Drop-In system to try to reduce the amount (frequency and quantity) that my baby spits up. However, the amount of spit-up is the same - not better, but also not worse."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have some Dr. B brand bottles. They are awesome. But when I was a first time mom, I hated washing bottles and parts. It didn't take much time, but still it took time. So I switched to Playtex Drop-Ins bottles. Yay! I rinsed tons of nipples and washed them all at once later on the day. Now I have my 2nd child. Playtex Drop-ins is the only one I use.The liners are expendable. It designed for the bottle. It's durable and doesn't have plastic smell like other generic brand I used once.Please note: If you want to use generic brand liners, you fill water to the water lines ON THE LINER instead of the marks on the bottle itself. The water level/volumn is different."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these liners. They are a quick and easy way to ensure a sterile container for my milk. I have never had a problem with them leaking except for one time when I was squeezing the air out, squeezed a little too hard and POP!!, breastmilk everywhere. I learned my lesson- squeeze gently, if at all. My only complaints are: 1. They are a bit pricey for plastic bags but the convenience factor makes up for it, imho. 2. The amount markings on the bags are a bit hard to read and don't really line up with the markings on the nurser shells, so the only way I can tell how much my LO has taken is to pour out and measure the leftover milk. Otherwise, this is a great product!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've been using these and absolutely love them! So much easier to clean than other bottle systems. Can easily remove all air to improve gassiness and colic in little one. Just press in the liner from the bottom. We are currently supplementing with formula and only using 2oz per feeding in a 4 oz liner, and it is still easy to remove the air.With the ring and nipple loosely on the bottle we carefully press on the liner from the bottom until the liquid level nears the top of the liner. Then we tighten the lid and continue to press any remaining air out through the hole in the nipple (be careful when pushing up on the liner before tightening the lid as liquid can easily overflow). If your fingers are not long enough, we sometimes use the handles of some of our kitchen serving utensils to aid in removing the air."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used the playtex drop in bottles for our daughter and I do not have one bad thing to say about them.  They made my life a lot easier by cutting down on the washing of bottles.  You just drop in the liner and throw it away after feeding and the only thing you have to wash is the nipple.  No taking apart the bottle and washing several parts.... Just quick and easy.  We used the Madela bottles at first but she was having a few problems (too much air) but we did not have any issues with these.  We order all of our baby stuff on autoship (including the liners) and the price is unbeatable."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We chose to use the Playtex Nurser Drop-Ins system because of convenience and sanitation. I'm so glad we did! We've been using the 4 ounce liners for 4.5 months now and we have never had one leak or break. They're very easy to use and reduce my time doing dishes. I've used the 8-10 ounce liners a few times as well with no issues. For those curious about measurements, it's very close to the measurement on the Medela bottles I pump into and Nuk bags. Sometimes after pouring milk into the liners they will expand just a tad more once the weight of the milk pushes the crinkles out, but it's not a large amount at all. I've used the 4 oz Up and Up Target brand liners as well, but when these are on sale at Babies R Us they are usually cheaper than buying the generic from Target."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I measured 8 ounces in a measuring cup, then poured it in the liner, and it was a little below the 8 ounces mark on the liner. I tried it again with a different measuring cup and received the same result. You can not put the liner in the bottle first to fill it up, because the measurements on the bottle do not match up with the measurements on the liners, My husband always has a hard time filling up the liners because it is hard to hold it and add water since they expand. Also, the numbers on the liner are very hard to read."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I started the first month of motherhood washing and sterilizing bottles multiple times a day. Then I came upon these Playtex nursers with disposable liners, and now I only use a regular bottle if I have to.  Valuable time has been saved, now that I'm using these things instead!The only caution I have for others out there is to be very aware of the measurements. Because the liners can accommodate 8-10oz of fluid, don't trust the measurements on this. I noticed the difference when I poured 5oz of pre-measured milk that had been stored in a milk storage bag, and when it was in the Playtex bottle, the bottle indicated only 4oz of fluid.Aside from needing to be more conscious of the measurements, this bottle liner system has been a life changing discovery for my household."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used disposable drop-in liners from multiple stores (Wally-World, the bullseye store, & various drugstores) and find that they all work just as fine as these Playtex ones do, but at half the price.  I like that the Playtex liners are thinner feeling, meaning the liner collapses better inside the bottle when baby is drinking...but even with the others feeling like a thicker plastic, they work as well.  Playtex, come down in price and you'll get 5 stars instead of only 4."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Playtex system works well with my Medela breast pump - you will need to buy these liners, plus a set ofPlaytex Drop-Ins System Breast Milk Storage KitPlaytex storage rings (which these liners drop into). That kit comes with an adapter that fits on a Medela pump. The whole system is convenient and easy to move from frozen storage to feeding simply by dropping these liners into a bottle, and you can buy either latex or silicone tips for your bottles. The thin plastic allows the milk to heat up easily by submerging in warm water before feeding. Overall, very convenient and in almost 7 months of pumping, I never had a leak! Also, BPA free which is great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product works directly with our Medela breastpump with the use of adapters that come with the breastpumping kit.  It is nice not to have to transfer the breast milk from one container to another.  I cannot comment on the freezing aspect since I did not make enough milk to be able to freeze.  The only downfall to the liners that we found is measuring out the quantity is not accurate if the liner isn't fully expanded.  We measure in a different container and pour into the liner.  The best part about this system is that we are sure that the container holding the milk is clean- we just don't trust a regular plastic bottle to come completely clean.  Our other bottles are the good old fashioned Evenflo glass bottles.  All in all, we recommend this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these and will be buying more.  I like that is made of tissue paper and nothing plastic.  They absorb pretty well--I admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast, but 95% of the time it doesn't leak into my changing pad sheet. I usually throw away the wet peewee pad right away so it doesn't have time to leak anyway. These really are a lifesaver and save me from excess washing of the changing pad cover. I only wish that Amazon sold the 108 ct instead of just the 36 ct pack."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Very handy item to have available. Heats faster than boiling and more efficiently/safely than the microwave.  The only problem I've found is that the heating instructions included with the warmer are overestimated. If you set it to a lower temperature (between 1 and 2) and let it warm longer, it's easier to prevent overheating.This warmer DOES HAVE an ON/OFF SWITCH, but still no built-in timer (the oven timer works just fine).And as far as the bottle floating around during heating, you can put the bottle in BEFORE you add the water, and fill up the water to the same level as the liquid in the bottle to prevent uneven bobbing.My son is now 1-year-old and no longer uses bottles, but I still use this warmer for his refrigerated baby food and even to warm up a cup of milk for him."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this as a gift and was surprised at how quickly this warms bottles.  However, if you don't pay attention, it will overheat the bottle.  It would really be helpful if there was a timer or auto shut-off because the water can become scalding.  I usually use the wide-neck bottles so I don't have the \"floating\" problem but the few times I did use the slim regular bottles and did experience the floating bottle.  The upside is that it does accommodate the wide neck bottles.  It's also an easy-to-clean item."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought the idea of a bottle warmer was a rediculous waste of money before I had my daughter. I breastfeed, but have a hard time functioning in the middle of the night, so I pump during the day and warm a bottle for the baby in the middle of the night. For three weeks I boiled water in a pot and held the bottle with metal tongs...not ideal for someone half asleep. Once we coughed up the money for this warmer I was a much happier, half-asleep mom. It only takes about 8 minutes to heat a 5 oz. bottle. Since the heating elements are on the bottom of the product, I would suggest swirling the bottle and testing the temperature before giving it to the baby, better safe than sorry. Cleaning of the product is ultra-easy as well, vinegar, water and some soak time and it's good as new."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My mom got me this for a present because it used to be that you had to heat your bottles for formula.  Now you can feed the infants room temp, warmed, or cold.  I make the bottles as I feed so I feed room temp. and actually, this is what my baby likes most.  Sometimes I buy the ready to feed and store the bottles in the fridge so I warm them, but honestly, it takes a lot longer to do that than to just make the bottles.I think that this warmer actually takes longer to warm the bottles than to just put the bottle under hot water.  Just my opinion."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like this bottle warmer.  It warms up the bottles quickly and that means alot at 3AM with a screaming, hungry baby.  I use the Dr. Brown's bottles with it and they fit fine.  I haven't had any problems with uneven heating or anything like that.  I have even taken the warmer with me when we go to friends houses so I can heat up the bottles quickly.  I strongly suggest that you do not put the nipples on the bottles while they are in the warmer.  It causes the formula to overflow from the nipple.  Found that out the hard way.  Other than that, I haven't had any problems or issues with the product. I would suggest this to parents looking for a small warmer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've had this warmer for 3.5 years, and have used it for both of my boys. It still works, after 3.5 years, as well as it did when I bought it. The only thing I don't like is that you have to add water almost everytime you use it, and that it doesn't have automatic shut-off. I have burnt much milk and formula in my life! (When you're chasing two kids, it's easy to forget you're cooking a bottle!) And, there have been times, too, that I've forgotten to unplug it for hours at a time... my fault, I know, but another reason auto-shut-off would be great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My sister-in-law told us not to register for this because she couldn't get it to work.  Well, I wanted it and I registered for it anyway.  We got it and I decided to give it a try just to make sure it worked.  I used it the next time my friend came over with her newborn and it worked great.  Just add a little water, throw in the bottle, and in minutes it was perfect.  My only suggestions would be to add an on/off switch and a timer.  But other than that, it's another great product by Avent."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I first purchased another bottle warmer which I promptly returned because it did not work.  I received this bottle warmer as a gift from a friend who has three children, two of which are twins.  So, I figured she knew what was good and what was not.  And she was right, this works well.  I read some of the other reviews of this product but can only say I've had no problems with this.  It's easy to use and always warms the bottle just right...not too hot, not too cold.  I'm very pleased with this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was told that you can warm up water in the microwave or just put it in a bowl full of hot boiling water. But, in the middle of the night after weeks of bad sleep, the last thing you want to do is exactly that!! With the avent express bottle warmer is the easiest way to warm up your bottles with less trouble. The only thing that I dont like of this product is that doesnt have an on/off switch. Otherwise, its great!!! ( avent products are the best out there...)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a really great product... With just a little bit of water it sterilize everything really fast and it turn off by itself...And it's big enought to put almost everything you  want to... I really prefer this one instead of the microwave one because the other one is smaller, what means that you have to spend more electricity because you have to sterilize more times!!! And not even try to boil the bottles in the stove .... believe me, you would forget to turn it off... That has happend to me a thousand times in my mother's house!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We started off sterilizing using the old-fashioned, boiling water in a pot...what a mess and waste of time! Standing over the boiling pot and risking steam burns ran out of fun very quickly. After I got over the sticker shock for the sterilizer and got it home, I couldn't see how we survived before! It's quick, easy and efficient. New moms have enough to mess with, don't spend you few, precious moments each day waiting for a pot of water to boil, splurge on this item and you won't regret it!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This one is easy.  Put your stuff in, add a little water then push a button.  Truely a no brainer.  The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that you do have to drain it after each use.  My freind didn't and something started growing in it.  Other than that, this is perfect.  If you take out the racks you can fit a ton in it at once.  You don't have to watch over anything-go ahead and take care of your baby while this one does all the work for you.  Put this time saver on you registry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought this would be a great way to get my bottles clean but you still have to scrub them clean first yourself, THEN prepare this thing to stick in the microwave for x-amt of time, THEN wait for it to cool.... too much to do prior to getting a bottle ready for a fussy baby!&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;If your baby has an immune promblem, then this may be great for you, otherwise, skip on this and just buy a nice bottle brush.... I like the one by Munchkin.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;BUT if you still decide to get this, check it in the store first, because when I got mine home it was USED- it had obvisiously been returned (someone else thought it was useless too I guess) with milk residue on the bottles- yuck!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Despite the concerns about BPA we are using these bottles for our daughter, and using canned formula to supplement breastfeeding. The concern with BPA seems to be heightened when the bottles are washed with hot water, or sterilized at hot temperatures. We bought this sterilizer, but have stopped using it. However, we still use the dishwasher, which is fairly hot. I am keeping an eye on Avent's statements:[...]We keep using them because they seem to be really excellent bottles and nipples, she feeds easily and doesn't get a whole lot of gas. The nipples are designed so that you can graduate her to faster flow nipples as she gets bigger. We are hoping that the BPA concerns will turn out to be unwarranted."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this a few months ago and after reading a little about it, I thought that I wouldn't use it.  Boy, was I wrong.  I use it for all sorts of things.My niece dropped a sippy cup of juice in my car that wasn't discovered for a week.  I washed the cup.  When I removed the valve...NASTY.  I don't think it's ever been taken apart and washed.  After a second washing, I put all of the parts in this and let the microwave work it's magic.I love the lift out tray because whatever's in there that I'm sterilizing isn't sitting in the water.  It can also hold the Avent Isis breast pump.  The sterilizer is actually a great place to store your pump when it's just been cleaned and not in use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It doesn't get any easier than this product.  Boy, am I glad that I got this at my shower.  I have never used anything more in my entire life than I have this guy.  It sterilizes my Avent breast pump as well.  As an aside, don't just rely on your dishwasher to sterilize your bottles and your breast pump.  For some reason, I never felt comfortable anyway just depending on it and put the bottles from the dishwasher into this sterilizer.  Well, I found out later that it was a great thing I was doing that because our dishwasher was not heating the water the way it was supposed to and nothing had been sterilized!  You can't always depend on one thing to do the job and since it's your baby's health involved here, take the extra step and make sure with this item.  I'm glad I did!  Plus, it's just so very easy to use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is such a great item and I can't say enough good things about it!  I use it several times a day for pacifiers, baby bottles, and breast pump bottles.  It couldn't be easier than popping things in the microwave for 5 minutes and knowing that your baby is getting sterilized items.A word of advice- be careful about removing it from the microwave.  The water inside and the steam can scald if you are not cautious.  Let it sit for a few minutes before opening, because the water can splash when opening the lid."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The express steam sterilizer is really the easiest and most efficient way to go if you want to be assured that your baby's bottles are truly clean.  When I first started using bottles I would use the sterilizer between dishwasher uses.  But after repeated cleanings in the dishwasher, the ounce markings on the bottles started to fade away, and the plastic caps to cover the nipples started to change color.  From then on I've used the sterilizer exclusively. It is quick, easy and effective.  I have taken several extended trips with the baby, and it is so easy to travel with and store her clean bottles in. This is one of those products that may not be necessary to have, but I am so glad that I do!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this.  This is the most wonderful item I have gotten.  I clean the bottles and then load them into this.  4 to 5 minutes later, the bottles are all sterilized.  I love this.  Since I express milk and freeze it, it is reassuring knowing that the storage containers are sterile.  I also love it because you never know if you are washing the bottles and pacifiers and such with warm enough water (I am a first time mom).  With the sterilizers I just have that reassurance that everything is clean enough for my baby.  This is well worth the money.  It is so easy to use and comes with extra bottles."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This has been a lifesaver!!! It can sterilize 5 small bottles & nipples 5 minutes at a time!!! Just add the correct amount of water, pop it in the microwave, and go!!! It's saved me so much time and hassle... At first, I didn't think that I wanted to spend the money on a sterilizer when I thought I could boil them myself for free, but this has more than paid for itself in it's first 3 weeks of use... A definate must have for new moms!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great product and I highly recommend it.  The best sterilizing option since I don't have enough dishes to bother using the dishwasher more than once every two days.  Even if you just want to clean one pacifier, it uses less water and energy than boiling on the stove and it's quicker too.  It saves my skin from hand washing in scorching hot water  (but I still give things a quick rince in warm soapy water before tossing them in the sterilizer).  It is a lifesaver when pumping and bottle feeding.The only drawback is the space that it takes up - it is about 12 inches in diameter and 6 inhes tall.  But I use mine so much, I just keep it in the microwave when I'm not using it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I highly recommend this product whether you are breast or bottle feeding (or sippie cup for that matter). I did not originally register for this item because I didn't think it was necessary, especially since we have a dishwasher. This is a great tool to get all those baby/toddler items germ free. I mainly use mine for sterilizing my breast pump supplies, bottles, and pacifiers. 4 minutes in the microwave and its done. Its not necessary to sterilize all baby products but when something really needs to be, it sure beats having to run the dishwasher. There are just the 3 of us so we only need to run the dishwasher about twice a week. I find that I sterilize more often just because it is so easy to use this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Yet another great product from Avent!  This is so very easy to use and in minutes you have sterilized bottles, pacifiers, toys, pretty much anything that you can fit into the the thing.  We have a dishwasher, but our doctor advised that newborns can be sensitive to the soap the first few months.  Plus with animals in the house, we just like the idea of a little extra peace of mind.  By the way, we started with the electric sterilizer but after reading the directions and seeing it's size we returned it for this one.  This one is easier to store and use and is faster."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My almost 4 month old son is VERY small (24th percentile!) so the doctor recomended me buying a sterelizer, in other cases careful scrubing and just putting the bottles in the dishwasher would do, and it can save you some trouble. but for those people who need or really want a sterelizer, this ones great. Its much less expensive than the other sterelizers that take over all your counter space! It cleans my bottles very well, and I use mostly avent by the way. It can also sterelize my 2 1/2 year olds \"magic cups\" after he gets over a virus or if he had milk (another product by avent). It is fairly simple to use and much less stressful than boiling water, in my opinion. It also comes with 4 bottles, although my house is a bottle factory as it is! This sterelizer can also be used as a drying rack if needed. I love this sterelizer and it has kept my small son very healthy, happy and playful!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have to pump milk for my daughter at my office, and getting my pump parts clean was challenging.  Our sink doesn't put out enough got water for me to feel that my parts were really clean and safe.  Now, I wash the parts and then put them through a steam sterilization in the office microwave, and I pump with the confidence that I'm not adding harmful bacteria to my breastmilk.  It also serves as a nice place to store my pump parts at the office, where I know they will remain clean and untouched."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this sterilizer. I am a breastfeeding mother and use the Avent Isis to pump milk from time to time. This sterilizer fits the Isis perfectly along with a few bottles, nipples and sealing discs. I wash my bottles out after I use them and put them away. When I'm ready to pump, I load this up and 7 minutes later I'm good to go. You don't need to dry the bottles or pump before using, if you use them right away. When I'm done, I wash my pump and store it back in here to dry. It stays there until I'm ready to use it again. I've never tried sterilizing any other bottles but the instructions specify how to place others in here so they fit well. It is very time saving, rinses easily, and works very well. I'm glad I've never had to resort to the boiled water on the stove."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was told that I could wash our baby bottles in our dishwasher and I would not need a sterilizer.  BUT we live in post housing on an Army base and our dishwasher is awful and hardly gets anything clean.  So I handwash all my bottles and bought this as an extra step to help me get them clean enough for my child.I really like this product a lot.  It is very easy to use and since I am using Avent products and an Avent manual pump, everything fits great in this sterilizer.  I can even pop pacifiers in there when they fall on the floor.  There are slots for basically everything and it all stays put when I am moving it around.I know that it isn't really necessary, but I like using it for that extra peace of mind that my baby is getting CLEAN bottles.  Every parent has different 'must haves' when they have babies and this is one of mine! :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "On more than one occassion I've had a crying hungry baby on my hands in teh middle of the night or the very early morning, and walked into the kitchen only to find that all of the bottles are in teh sink or in the dishwasher yet to be run.  It's much easier to keep my daughter distracted four the 4 or 5 minutes I need to wash and sterelize in this product than to wait for a load of dishes to run!  If this sounds like somthing that could happen to you . . . buy this product! (Or put it on your registry)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "5 reasons to have the avent express micro sterilizer:- Reasonable price!!- It comes with an extra value of 4 avent bottles ( it says here that comes with two, but I just got mine and comes with 4!!)- Its great for travel,not too big, not too small.- Very very very easy to clean- It does the job in 4 minutes!you can keep it anywhere because of its convinient size ( and its made of plastic!)* I used to have an electric sterilizer and as soon as I heard about this one, I got it  and life with a baby it just  became simpler than ever!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I saw this and just had to get it. It's good to wash and sterilize all bottles and breast pump parts before using them the first time.I own the Avent Isis breastpump and this has grooves for it to click into-very cool! I like to sterilize my pump once or twice a week, and once a week I sterilize the bottles and nipples.I can't ever wait for the washer to run, so instead of waiting, I just throw everything I want sterilized into the microwave for 4 minutes and it's done. It's so easy and simple.And it keeps things sterile for 3 hours unless you pop open the top right away!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "For weeks I boiled my ISIS pump parts and bottles, leaving on my non-stick pot calcium stain. As I was going back to work and my baby had to be bottle fed (thus more things to be sterilized), I found this great product and eagerly bought it. It's such a great invention! Everything (pump parts, nipples, dome caps, bottles etc) has slot of its own on the rack so they won't shift around. And if you keep the lid closed after sterilizing, contents stay sterilized for a day!Be sure to check your microwave power though, since it takes 4 minutes for a 1100watts microwave, longer for less powerful ones. Even though I have a 1350watts one, I do it for 4 minutes just to be sure!  And let it cool for recommended length of time to avoid scorching yourself.Enjoy this product and you won't regret."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was using a basket to hold wipes, lotions, etc and keeping on the changing table.  My daughter is growing and is very long so the basket was in the way.  I looked everywhere for a hanging basket but couldn't find one I liked for a decent price.  This diaper  depot is absolutely perfect.  It hangs perfectly on my changing table.  I did put a piece of fabric under it so the finish doesn't get scratched on the changing table.  I love having everything right there at changing/dressing time without taking up drawer space."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was worried this wouldn't work for us. We have a Pottery Barn Kids changing table that has a decorative moulding that sticks out about 3/4 inch beyond the frame of the changer top. This product hangs at a slight angle because of this, but it still hooks on solidly to the changer's top edge, and gives us much needed storage space for wipes up top. It is an inexpensive fix to a very annoying problem. Another bonus is that the plastic piece that the wipes container rests on is hinged to allow easy access below for loading diapers or whatever you choose to store in there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son is huge and long for his age.  At 8 months he was way too long for the changing pad and his feet were kicking off the products and wipes at his feet.I ordered this product and it got everything off the changing table so he fits now with leg room to kick away without hitting anything.  Wipes are right there and we put a kleenex box in the diaper dispenser (the diaper dispenser isn't great--I'm not sure how it works w/o you grabbing more than one at a time.  We put the diapers on the shelf right under the table and put products and stuff in the lion heart thing.A MUST HAVE!!  I love this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I borrowed this item from a friend when I had my first child.  I loved it!  It stores a stack of diapers, a case of wipes, diaper cream, lotion, etc.- all within reach.  What I liked best was when friends and family came over to help out with the baby, they could clearly see where everything was to change baby's diaper.  Also, the plastic is clear, unlike a fabric diaper stacker, so you can clearly so how many diapers you have handy.Loved this item, will probably buy it for myself now that I'm pregnant once again!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The texture of this concealer pallet is fantastic, it has great coverage and a wide variety of uses, I guess it's meant for professional makeup artists and a lot of the colours are of no use to me but I use at least two of them on a regular basis, and two more occasionally, which is the only reason I'm giving it for stars, I feel like the range of colors is kind of a waste for me, but the  product itself  is wonderful, it's not cakey, gives me a natural for and concealed my imperfections, therefore I highly recommend it :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have mixed feelings about this product. When I first started using it, I can see and feel the difference. It actually started to literally peel the dark skin away. There's a bit of a sting but that's how I know it was working. My skin was lighter in just a couple weeks! However, once I've stopped using it when I reached my desired skin color, it went back to being dark. I applied more and suddenly it was no longer working. It didn't peel or sting. I wonder what went wrong or if it has an expiration date or something. Overall, it works but definitely not consistent."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the real Versace Bright Crystal fragrance.  My bottle was not open, tampered with, or have a strong alcohol smell. I love how clean this perfume smells. I tried it out at Macy's. I wanted to try a fendi  scent, but the salesman asked me to try Bright Crystal and another Versace scent. I smelled the other first and then Bright Crystal. I was instantly sold on the Bright Crystal. I sprayed it on myself and then came straight to amazon to get it at a fraction of the price. The bottle is huge! I'll be wearing this everyday to the office, I'm sure I'll receive tons of compliments. Because the scent is not overpowering and very clean, I don't have to worry about it being too loud in an office setting. Thanks amazon!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "We were pretty disappointed with this shampoo and conditioner. Had high hopes for it, and it did not deliver.The smell was okay.It was harsh and stripping on the hair follicles.Left our hair with that squeaky clean feeling, but not in a good way, more in a removed all the oil from your hair kinda away.Even in using the conditioner, my hair still looked frizzy. And I do not have frizzy hair! Mine is fine, thin, and straight. If anything I usually border on having my hair be too silky and need things to volumize it.Just cannot recommend this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I put in my sons bathroom & he's as picky as me.  This doesn't leak out all over the tub like I thought it would.  I just knew when I hung it & went to clean his bathroom, there would be residue from whatever was coming out of this dripping on to the tub underneath it.  I am happy to say, there is NONE!  Easy to install & this thing isn't moving, installed with silicone which I love.  Easy to refill as well. A+ for this little mechanism!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this because my shower was getting cluttered with different kind of soap, shampoo, face wash and etc. After receiving this and putting it up on my shower wall, no more bottles!Pros:Each bottle holds a lot of liquid.Each to use buttons.Clean design.Comes with waterproof adhesive and it's stick as hell.Durable - I've dropped the bottles over and over again when I was clumsily trying to shampoo inside and it still works.Cons:The adhesive stinks when you first place it on but that's a given and does not take away rating for this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought 2 of these in October 2011 and they are still working perfectly.  When I have a need for another one, I naturally come back to the same brand, same style - the  Classic - and ship and sold by amazon.I like the fact that when I need to refill, I can take each container out individually, plus the fact that there is one cover on the outside making it easy to keep it clean.Some other dispensers have 2 or 3 chambers and the chambers are all in one piece. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CD3T2U/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc;=1You have to slide the whole thing out even if you only need to fill one chamber when others are still full.  In addition, the others not having a one-piece cover on the outside, water tends to get inside the chamber holding mechanism and mold can develop inside that you can't see without taking the chambers out.  I have a couple of those that came with a house I bought. This also reinforces my decision in going back to the 4-chamber Classic one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought a similar type of dispenser back in 1995, when I was outfitting my new apartment. Perhaps that was the Dispenser Classic I. That one lasted 11 years without a problem and I threw it out only because it looked old and I was moving. Flash forward to 2011. I decided to buy one for my condo. A day or two after I put in the bottles, I noticed shampoo from the dispenser dripping onto the faucet. It turns out that one of the bottles had a hairline crack in it. It was tiny but enough to cause a serious leak. I examined the bottles closely and realized how thin and cheap the plastic containers really are. Unbelievable. Now I have to decide whether to use Crazy Glue or go through the hassle of emptying the two other containers and sending the whole thing back to Amazon for a refund. If this is the Classic III, I wonder how bad IV will be. I'd be hesitate to order this again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I think that the organizational system behind this is great - the bottles are reasonably easy to load and prime, the little windows let you know when you're running low on anything. There are several different labels included in the package, including a blank one, in case you want to fill it with lotion instead of body wash, or whatever.The mirror is rather small, but useful for checking your brows or, if you're a dude, your facial-shave job. It doesn't steam up, there may be a coating? Or I'm just getting lucky :)The flat shelf are on the top is useful for holding your razor, while the many hooks on the bottom help organize the scrubbies and loofas that seem to overwhelm the bathroom shelves normally.My only wish is that it's just a bit smaller, as the whole thing is maybe 14-18 inches across, which is a lot of visual space!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have this in our guest bathroom shower and it is perfect.  The bottles hold only about 2/3 of the full size one I have in our master bath, but that is fine since the occasional use it gets doesn't facilitate a lot of refilling.  I loath those wire shelving units for showers so I was so excited to find this and have everything off the floor and kept together for easy use in such a tidy little package.This comes with the silicone adhesive AND a few squares of adhesive foam backing, the idea is you spread the silicone on and the adhesive foam squares hold it in place while it dries.  You have to wait 24 hours before filling the bottles to allow the silicone glue to cure. I have one of these in my master bath for 3 years without budging so it is a very strong hold."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I first purchased this hand treatment from a garden center - what a favorite it has become. I really does help restore your hands after digging in the garden (or washing dishes in the sink, if you're old-fashioned like me). I have purchased many as gifts for others. This size (100g) is a generous tube and will last a long time. I gave it four stars only because it is more expensive here than at the Crabtree & Evelyn outlet store - or maybe I just got lucky when I visited that store last time. Truth is, I'll buy it wherever I can find it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Crabtree & Evelyn Gardener's Hand Therapy has been my favorite lotion for many years.  While I don't have a problem with very dry skin, I still like a good, non-greasy lotion for my hands, arms, feet, and sometimes even my face.  This product is not greasy.  It does not have an annoying fragrance, actually not much at all.  My sister-in-law told me she uses it on her psoriasis and it helps.  It's not a cure, of course.  There really isn't one.  But it helps the skin feel better.  Since she liked it so much, I tried it and have been using it ever since.  It's hard to find in stores---almost impossible---but Amazon.com carries it.  Thanks again, Amazon."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like the size of the barrel on this iron and I like the results I got with it.  However the design of the kickstand and its location are horrible and unsafe.When you heat the iron up on the higher settings the kickstand gets very, very hot and it's very difficult to use the iron without touching that kickstand because of where it's located.  I burned my hand on it while holding the iron and then I burned my face with the kickstand while curing my hair.I'm not at all happy with this product and I'm returning it after using it only twice."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So in love with my conair curling iron. I have been using this everyday since I bought this. I have never had a curling iron with a clip, so I was wanting to try it. It heats up quick. I think the buttons are perfect, I have not hit them once while using the tool. Curling iron came in super fast, came in2 days before shipment date! It did take me some practice to use this. After the third time, I finally got use to it. Overall this product is fabulous. I recommend this if you want a curling iron easy to use, something that heats up quick, shipment comes in super quick, and for a great deal!P.S If you are interested in this product, but unsure how to use it; go on youTube and look up &#34;How to curl hair with conair curling iron&#34;. You can look up different styles as well. It helped me choose this curling iron. :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Rarely do I go cheap on things that have to do with my hair but I wanted to try out a new size barrel without making a huge commitment so I gave this one a try.Pros:heats up quicklythe barrel and clip hold even my thinner hair tightlygets hot enough to produce a nice curl without burningcool tip makes holding at certain angles easier.Cons:the collar that regulates the temp broke - it is stuck in the temp range I wanted it in so no need to move it but that could be a bigger problem if I wanted varying tempssometimes takes several presses of the on button to get it to turn onno auto turn offFor what I paid I think this is an acceptable choice; if you are looking for something that will last I'd suggest looking elsewhere though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My hair is super straight and thin. It also doesn't take heat very well. What's so great about this curler is the adjustable heat settings. 7 works great for me and I just hold it there for ten seconds. Not only that but the curls actually stay. Most times, they go wavy after the first 30 minutes, no matter how long I hold it on for. But with this it lasted me two hours. I'm so impressed and especially for the price. You cannot beat that."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I absolutely love this conair instant heat curling iron!  I ordered it on amazon because of the great price. It did not come in the packaging I'm used to seeing in stores but figured it may have just changed since my last curling iron purchase (last year).  The first time I used it it worked great.  The second it kept turning off or shorting out on me.  I changed outlets and still the problem continued.I would recommend this curling iron to a friend but perhaps not through the internet.I re-ordered thinking it was just a defective one and the second time, it wouldn't even heat up enough to hold a curl.  I think Conair has changed it's product and I will not buy again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I needed a 1/2 inch curling iron and this one works just fine for my needs.  I have one of the same model in the one inch and I liked it, so ordered the same model in the smaller size.  I like that it turns itself off after a certain period of time because I often forget to do so.  I also like that you can adjust the heat or strength of curl.  I have had many Conair products over the years and have been satisfied with all of them."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I picked up this concealer to cover up acne, blemishes, pimples, the works.  I was trying to decided between this one and the light one but decided to go with this one as the green is supposed to cancel out the redness.  This stick concealer is near impossible to blend to a nice finish and it leaves a sticky and waxy residue on your skin. As to no surprise, the packaging is just as flawed as the product itself.  Within a week of using this product the concealer stuck to the top of the tube and I couldn't get it out.  Ick!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I wanted to be blown away by this concealer, but sadly I wasn't; don't get me wrong this concealer is good, I gave it 3 stars because first and foremost it's real sticky creamy consistency, after I applied it, it kept this wet sticky texture, I like the ones that don't stay wet like and sticky, plus it made me have a few pimples,  if your looking for a concealer that stays kinda damp then you will love this one, because all of us girls like different things, and one thing may work perfect for one of us may not work at all for someone else, ya know!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have had one tube of this for a couple of years now and JUST ran out. I am feeling very yucky without it.I only gave it 4 stars because the consistency could be a SMIDGE more creamy, but it has decent staying power.For those who say that it doesn't cover the dark circles under the eyes, you will need to 1st use a concealer that is a shade lighter than your face's skin color first (or closer to a salmon color) and then lightly add this to the top. Watch some videos on YouTube about 'highlighting' and you will find that this color is perfect for those highlighting areas on top of your base/ foundation and normal concealer.Maybe there are better versions of this in the 'fancier' brands, but I am returning to buy this one because I know it works and takes off 10 years when used under my eyes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very fair, translucent skin and have always had issues with dark circles under my eyes.  I've used every concealer out there, but most only further exaggerate the dark circles and worsen the appearance of bags.  The good thing about this concealer is that it's extremely affordable and the yellow really does help neutralize the appearance of blue and purple veins under the eyes.  The bad news is that it appears cakey when applied under powdered mineral makeup, giving a chalk-like appearance.  This occurs even when the concealer is applied VERY lightly.  If you use a liquid makeup, this will probably not be an issue.  With other forms of makeup, it might not blend as well as you would like.  I still find it does a better job than the other concealers, so I still use a small amount of this and take some considerable time blending it with my foundation."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have absolutely horrible dark circles, far beyond the point of being concealed with any type or amount of makeup, but this product significantly reduces their discolored appearance.This looks pretty good and almost unnoticeable once blended out with my ring fingers. However, I really need a primer or something with this or it creases horribly. It feels sort of greasy and heavy when applied, but if you go easy with it and just make it last by spreading and blending, it works. It looks even better if applied under flesh-tone concealer or foundation.My main problem is that the packaging isn't entirely hygienic, at least if you put the stick right on your skin. It could spread bacteria and cause breakouts, so maybe use a small brush or something with it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This was the first waterproof liquid eyeliner that I used. When I first started using it, I loved it. However, I had nothing to compare it to. Since, I've used different drug store brands of liquid eyeliner and this one sort of fails in comparison. Don't get me wrong, it isn't horrible, but there are others out there that are better. It is waterproof, but it isn't air proof. It dries, cracks an then flakes off throughout the day. As it dries, it feels as if it tightens and shrinks (which causes the cracking). While it does this, IT ITCHES SOMETHING FIERCE! After a while, the brush starts to get weird and application gets messy. I wouldn't recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The brush for this eyeliner is horrible. I LOVE brushes, and prefer them over felt tips but this is the exception. The brush for this eyeliner is VERY small and too soft. It's hard to make a straight line because the bristles are just all over the place. Additionally, when you go over to reapply liner in some places - when it dries, it tends to look very clumpy and unflattering. I had such high hopes for this liner because of the brush applicator and how beautifully matte the color was but this is a total fail."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only liquid eyeliner that can withstand my oily eyelids all day without degenerating into a pool of guck. Cat eyes are my every day look and this liquid eyeliner does a competent job. But, it's not perfect either. I'm not sure if I should keep buying new bottles every so many weeks without using up the old ones because I think being exposed to too much air breaks down its effectiveness. Rather than getting smudgy on my lids, it starts flaking, so I look like I have chipped paint. Not good. But out of all the liners I've worn, this is the longest wearing one by far."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My family had used this product for many years but I had not been able to find it in a long time.  I have old feet, yep, there it is...I have old feet.  They have developed cracks and creases, callouses and snags.  My husband is a diabetic and foot care is of utmost importance for his wellbeing.  Pretty Feet & Hands is a great exfoliant for both of us.  I recommend using this at least once a week, though it can be used daily.  Bye-bye rough, dry, cracked, snags and such.  Hello to smoother, younger, healthier feet!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this months ago. Like it a lot. I use it on my feet periodically right after I get out of the shower. I think the little bit of moisture from the shower makes this product more effective. The dry dead skin rolls right off. I use it on my elbows as well to keep the dry skin to a minimum. I know some people use it on their faces as well, however, my face is already soft, and it's also extremely sensitive. So I think this would just make my face break out. I only use it on problem areas like my feet and elbows. Good for the hands too, since I wash my hands a lot, my hands dry out. Makes the dead skin roll off instantly."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Certain celeb liked to brag about Head n Shoulders which is ok.....the real deal is T-Gel for any of you poor souls who are prone to dandruff, eczema, etc., I use it twice ....and I use it liberally....no quarter sized amounts....more like a silver dollar size or more and message into your scalp thoroughly, leave it and wash some other areas....then rinse off thoroughly, and rinse the T-Gel out, and do it again, maybe wash your back as you let it set, then rinse thoroughly again. Buying the largest size on Amazon let's you fill smaller bottles at home if you are self conscious others seeing it, or just leave the big bottle in your shower caddy. I've been using T-Gel for 30 years and I wear black shirts all the time. Every time I drift off to some sort of natural shampoo or expensive quality shampoo.....flakes come back and I go back to T-Gel!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This may work on dandruff but does not work on seborrhoeic dermatitis. They are different. Dandruff is a generic term and coal-tar active ingredient products like this one may work on the kind of dandruff that flakes.If you have an itchy scalp which does not shed but instead causes sores, you may have the already mentioned seborrhoeic dermatitis. The latter is caused by clogged oil glands. It often takes place if you don't shampoo frequently. That was the case with me. I shampooed only once a week because I did not want to ruin my expensive hair-color. The problem took several years to really develop before my doctor and I finally figured out what was wrong. What you need instead is a shampoo like the kind of Selsun Blue which contains selenium hydride."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm on accutane which has caused me to get some dandruff (I normally never have it). After freaking out and doing research, I bought this. It seems to have lessened the severity of my dandruff after just one use, but the smell is SO AWFUL! It's like I dipped my head into a freakin tank of gas! I have long hair and to try to get that smell off is  impossible. I have to put really potent anti-frizz serum in it, then spray some of my strong perfume DIRECTLY on my hair in order to TRY to mask up the smell. Even then it still stinks.If you like the smell of tar and gas, this is for you. If not, try to get the \"clean scent\". I haven't tried it, so I don't know if it's realyl different. Honestly, I'm thinking I'd rather have dandruff than stinky hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As a young woman who has lost a lot of hair due to thyroid problems, I have tried a few products with mixed success.  This product isn't even marketed towards hair loss but I gave it a try...and it actually works!  I started with the extra strength shampoo but switched to regular (less stinky, still effective).  My hair loss stopped completely and even started growing back!  The shampoo does smell awful, but it works!  I just rinse really well and use a lot of shampoo.  It leaves my hair soft, clean, and shiny.  I will definitely keep using this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Very dry skin causes me to itch. Lotion takes care of the body but conditioner on the hair or conditioner shampoo products still leave my scalp dry. Used this product and the sensation of an itch on my scalp went away by about 80%. After a week, my scalp does not itch. Using regular shampoo again brings back the itch after a few days and then I use the T-gel again. The only downside is that hair that has been colored will lose its color. The T-gel also makes the hair dry and you have to take care if your combing it damp. When the hair dries, it is very soft. My naturally curly hair is curlier after using T-gel. Not having an itchy head is worth any downside."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "During the past two years I've been struggling with some scalp build up problems and I pretty much have purchased all the drugstore products I could find to solve this. After months and months of trying to find a solution I decided to give this a try even though I thought it was quite expensive and yes, it did start to get better right away. However, it wasn't as quick of a process as I wanted it to be so I decided to buy Head & Shoulders Clinical Strength and use it combined with this and this combination REALLY solved it in a matter of days. Since I've done that I haven't had any problems, my scalp is super clear and I couldn't be any more please. I never really stopped using this product and I don't plan on doing it but just keep in mind that this product by itself didn't really do too much. In terms of the smell I don't really like it, but it's nothing intolerable or disgusting."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very dry super curly hair. I get build up on my scalp whenever i use 'regular' shampoo/conditioner. I've been using apple cider vinegar to treat this but it doesn't always work for me.  After the FIRST use, this shampoo cleared up my scalp. It's squeaky clean with no weird off-white build up! Yay!There's also no smell! I've tried head and shoulders, tar shampoo and hated the smell.This stuff is fragrance free. I love it :)Btw, haven't tried the conditioner but I use my ACV/Water spray as a conditioner after this shampoo. Works wonders, super soft curly hair with clean scalp :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have shoulder length thick hair, but the ends are brittle and break too easily due to consistent wear n tear from my heating tooks (hair dryer and flat iron used daily.) My stylist told me about this product but I didn't want to buy it from her because the product was marked up so much, so I went in search of it a year or two later. I found it at a local store more expensive than online, so I purchased it here.Wow o wow is my hair happy. My hair has a shine that wasn't there before, my hair seems stronger with the weekly use of the VO5 hot oil treatment and I'm having less issues with our humidity creating flyaways. My hair is noticeably softer to the touch, and easier to manage when I straighten. I'm no longer having to use the flat iron as long.Love love love this product. Buy it once, and I promise you'll want to keep buying."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have natural tightly coiled African hair and have tried other hot oils included pure olive oil but wasn't satisfied with the result. I heard about using VO5 from natural hair forums and thought I'd give it a try. While using it in the shower I wasn't particularly impressed, but once my hair dried, I must say I was happy with the result. My very very tight coils were actually loosened quite a bit and hung down to my shoulder....with a lot of bounce. I will defiantly be using this product again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When I am in the mood, I mix one hot oil treatment tube with an equal amount of olive oil and some Aussie three minute miracle deep conditioner. Then, I heat it just a tad in the microwave for an intensive \"conditioning pack\" treatment.Once you have this all on your hair, you cover it up and then you can use a blowdryer to heat up your hair to let it all absorb nicely.Or, as I recently found out, you can just go get the Frizz-Ease Smooth Start Shampoo and the Defrizzing Conditioner and you will be thanking me for telling you about it! ;)Realistically, you need both. You need the deep conditioning treatments and the daily shampoo/conditioner miracle of Frizz-Ease. Bless them.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have suffered from chronic consitpation my entire life. I am 65 yrs old. I have tried many different types of fiber supplements and I keep coming back to Konsyl Natural Fiber. I usually do ALL my shopping at Amazon.com because I am a prime member and the products work out to be cheaper than me going 20 miles one-way to the nearest store and then paying sales tax. However, this is the first product that is overpriced on Amazon. Walmat has this product for $13.  So I will buy there instead of here. My review should be that if you suffer from constipation, then this is a great working fiber that is almost taste free."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Williams Lectirc Shave is a great product that has served men's electric shaving needs for several decades!  BUT DON'T buy it here!  WHY?  I didn't pay close enough attention to the prices vs weight and when it arrived I was really angry!  This is the 3 ounce travel bottle that you can sometimes find in you local drug store for about $2.50, NOT $5.62!!!  For $5.48 - $5.85 you can buy the 7 ounce bottle at every drugstore in your town or on line at CVS.com or Drugstore.com or any other online national drug store chain.  DON'T GET RIPPED OFF BY THIS SELLER!!  YOU ARE PAYING TOO MUCH FOR WHAT YOU GET! THE PRICE SHOULD BE FOR THE 7 OUNCE BOTTLE AND NOT THE 3 OUNCE BOTTLE.  RIP OFF!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this after researching what would best help/prevent my flaky, dry skin.  The extra gentle Buf-Puf is great for every day cleansing.  I use a dab of cleanser, wet the puff and make little circles over my skin.  It is just enough exfoliation to get the dead cells off, but not so much that it irritates my sensitive skin.  I follow up with my skin care regimen (serum, toner, moisturizer) and this little puff has helped make a world of difference.Being the first time that I have used one of these, I am not sure how long they \"normally\" last, but I have gotten a good two and weeks of daily use out of mine, before noticing that it was beginning to lose it's structure a bit."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The regular version of these Pufs is way too rough, can't imagine using them on anything but elbows and heels. This extra gentle version is better for facial skin, exfoliates nicely. I use it with Neutrogena Facial Bar, rinse it well, and air dry it on end on a soap tray between uses. It does begin to pill slightly after a couple  months but lasts a good long time as long as you carefully rinse it and prop it up to dry out. This is the most cost effective exfoliating treatment available. Too bad its only available online."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I know a lot of persons have commented on how great these Buf-puf sponges are, but I had to add my own praise.  I had previously tried the regular and found that they were a bit too harsh for my skin (I have both eczema and acne, so my face tended to get extremely sensitive even when I was gentle with the puff).  The gentle is perfect and  I'm happy I bought the 6-pack too.We're currently renovating at home and it feels so nice after dusting, sweeping and mopping every evening to be able to just put a little Cetaphil cleanser on it and just buff off all the dirt....no other scrub product required...I also use the body buf-puf for showering and can't help but feel nice and clean afterwards.A great little product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is another product I've used for years to keep my face clean. I'm almost 70 and people say I look 20 years younger so keeping the facial skin free of oil and dirt must have some merit. Buf-Puf are a bit hard to find but luckily we have Amazon. Gave one to my granddaughter to help her avoid Acne and show her how to avoid oil and bacteria caused pimples. Buf-Puf Gentle has a little scrubbing action which helps to remove dead skin and keep the skin glowing. Recommended highly for daily use."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using these for years (since I read Bo Derek stating in a post \"10\" interview that she used them to keep her skin smooth :-)).  As my skin has aged, I have switched from the regular to the gentle version.I have sensitive skin that doesn't like harsh chemicals.  Using these allows me to slough off the older layers as well or better than expensive exfoliants.  They helped control acne and now remove the old skin that keeps me from having the \"healthy glow\" that the commercials for costly creams promise.  It has been difficult to find these locally as the shelf space gets taken by new, expensive options, so I am really glad to find them on Amazon.Inexpensive, re-usable, no chemical reactions or worries about getting something in your eye. Perfect."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It saddens me to write this review because I've been using Buf Puf since I was about 12. I always attributed my youthful appearance to daily exfoliation with the Buf Puf, but now I think my cystic acne in my 30's and 40's was certainly exacerbated if not caused by the Buf Puf. I discontinued use of this product and switched to a skin care line called Glytone (buy at Dermstore.com) and haven't had a breakout in over 2 months. Unfortunately I'm convinced the harsh exfoliation causes skin to rebel and break out. I won't use again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really like that this stuff is mild and gentle, but also totally cleans off any makeup that I'm wearing, even waterproof mascara. I love the scent, very fresh and clean, and the texture is nice too. It washes off very easily and doesn't cause any problems to my skin. I have a problem with acne, and haven't noticed any improvement on it because of this product, but it definitely doesn't make it worse and really makes me feel fresh after I've used it.This is now my favorite nighttime cleanser because it's gentle, yet does an amazing job of getting my face clean and makeup-free at the end of the day. I love it for that reason, and will keep using it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For some reason or another I have problem skin. I used to use proactiv solution but my skin is way too sensitive for it. Then I used a litany of brand-name facial cleansing lines--but they were too expensive to maintain. I tried Stridex for a while but it just seemed to take my skin off. Nowadays I have stumbled upon the simplest solution (astringent). I wear lots of makeup throughout the day and if I don't remove all of it I tend to break out. I clean my face once a night with astringent, I put a little bit of lotion under my eyes and on any super dry areas, and then go to bed. Astringent, Lotion, Repeat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this over a week ago at target for my combination skin. I break out quite easily on my forehead, and have a few blackheads on my nose. After using once a day, my forehead, chin and cheeks have broken out. And I never break out on my cheeks. On the plus side, my forehead is no longer an oil slick...I understand that products have to clear out the dirt and oil first, but if this doesn't improve in one week, this is going in the trash.3/24Most of the breakouts cleared up with continued use one week after my first review. However, my skin is a bit flaky around my nose. A bit ironic for a moisturizer if you ask me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As the title says, it broke me out really bad. I finally had figured out what worked for my skin and had a semi clear face with a pimple or two here and there (that time of the month, stress) but I needed just a bit more of moisture so I decided to try this moisturizer--BIG mistake. I usually brake out on my chin/jaw and in between my eyebrows/forehead so when I woke up the next day I had so many little white in those exact spots. I cannot tell you how upset I was and how itchy my face was. I hate this product and would not recommend this to somebody who has acne-prone, sensitive, oily skin.I only gave it a star because I could not give it zero stars!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am a male and I have adult acne.  The acne meds dry out my skin.  I needed a moisturizer that wouldn't make my acne worse, and preferably, would help prevent acne.  This product fits the bill.  It is light, cooling, and doesn't clog my pores.  It's gentle enough that I can put it on my face right after shaving, and it doesn't sting or burn.  (It actually works really well as an after-shave conditioner; seems to help prevent red bumps and ingrown hairs!)  The only way this product could be better would be if they added sun protection to it.  I hope someday they make a version of this with SPF 15; if they do, I will give it 5 stars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Between this Neutrogena Spot Treatment and Oxy Spot Treatment Maximum, there is no contest! The Oxy works and the Neutrogena does not, pure and simple. I have only the occasional pimple these days, but want a treatment that quickly dries up the oil  and inflammation. The Oxy costs more but is worth the price, the Neutrogena does nothing (as far as I can tell) as a spot treatment. A better medicine will prevent scarring and disfiguring marks on your face! Early application of effective medicine can stop an emerging blemish before it becomes much worse. The Oxy Spot Treatment Maximum did a far better job for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like this product and have returned to using it when the drugstore is out of my usual on-the-spot treatment. I use this product only at night - when the cream dries, it does leave a little flaky residue - for this reason, I would recommend using it only at night or other times when you aren't going to be out in public. It can dry out your skin a little. In the morning, I have noticed that my blemishes are much less noticable, though there are better on-the-spot treatments out there that do jsut as good of a job reducing blemishes and aren't quite as drying."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to have pretty bad acne, but thankfully it cleared up! I do sometimes get the occasional pimple..yippee. Lucky me, I got a big one right in the middle of my cheek right before vacation. I bought this on a whim and thought I'd try it on my bad timing zit. I washed my face like normal twice a day and covered the pimple with this. After a day, it was gone! It wasn't red and puffy anymore, and with a little make-up was nonexistant!I don't think you should slather this all over you face though, it does really dry out your skin and leaves it feeling kind of stiff and like you have dry soap on it... but overall, I think it's great!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using Purpose products ever since I was a teen.  I used to have acne and dry skin and needed a product that I could use to moisturize my face.  Because my face is sensitive I would always break out but when the dermotologist recommended this product I was elated and am still using it to this day.  It does what it needs to do to keep my face moisturized and looking young.  I am 55 now and still have smooth beautiful skin.  I recommend this product to anyone who has sensitive skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My skin is pretty resilient and not easily irritated, with that being said I started with one a day but quickly moved up to two. I use this between my CeraVe foaming cleanser and my CeraVe moisturizer and they've been working very well so far. They are pretty cheap and this order came with three boxes, but if you want the most bang for your buck you can cut these pads in half. I generally don't use the entire pad so half is perfect and now you have 540 uses for ~$11."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "These wipes are a great find. As many have mentioned, they are not easy to find in stores and you cannot beat the price on Amazon. I use them as an adult, just recently, for nights. I am too lazy to wash my face and these wipes have been a great help in clearing up my dull skin. I find they are gentl and non-drying. They have a light, pleasant smell to them as well. My only wish is that they come in a subscribe and save option."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cetaphil Antibacterial Gentle Cleansing Bar is indeed the optimum choice for my problem skin.This pH balance non-soap cleansing bar is a super gentle all over body wash. I even use it on my face in lieu of shaving cream - it's that soothing!  The antibacterial ingredient - triclosan, also helps protect my freshly shaved face.CONS:This stuff's priceyCetaphil Antibacterial Cleansing Bar is very soft and it melts away quickly once it's under the shower stream.TIP: To reduce wastage of this pricey cleansing bar, don't lather up under the shower, lather up your washcloth instead and store your Cetaphil Cleansing Bar away from the shower (I keep mine in a covered soap dish).Shop around on Amazon ... this product offers a few buying choices.Hope my review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am 45 and this stuff works.  I have used a lot of different products since my teens.  I have NEVER been disappointed with Alpha products.  Simply they work.  Alpha product lines tend to fly low in an already over stimulated market of commercials and new product wonders that appear in constantly in an ever changing money making industry devoted to our own vanity (present company included).  But these products work!  I can testify to that.  The best thing is they are high in concentrate and low in price that is an A+++ in my book."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I usually read ingredient lists carefully, but I guess the name fulled me and I thought this product had some AHA's.  After using it for a while and not seeing or feeling any difference (AHA's should sting a bit) I checked and sure enough, despite the name, no AHAs.  I wanted a product with AHAs and think the company's name is deceiving on such a product.  I thought they only sold products with AHAs.  Perhaps they aren't doing this intentionally, but it is confusing and I wanted to let everyone know in case you were fooled too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using Neutrogena Fresh Foaming Cleanser and Peter Thomas Roth Anti-Aging Cleansing Gel with good success for the last year.  I decided to try Alpha Hydrox Foaming Face Wash based on good reviews (see beautypedia dot com) and a sale price.The first time I washed I used way too much and took awhile to wash it all off.  After that I switched to pea-sized squirts and it foams up and cleans great.  My skin is dry to normal and I haven't had any of the problems reported by the low reviews.I'll continue to alternate the three products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this product because I was so impressed with the Alpha Hydroxy Face Lotion, as it leaves my skin bright and clear and I have minimal break outs, so I figured the facial wash would do the same.. So I stopped using my normal face wash and I used this product instead for about a month and I noticed more irritation if anything... It wasn't really stopping my breakouts just leaving my skin red with more bumps than normal. I thought using the both in conjunction would just work best but I'm starting to think my skin is too sensitive and cannot take too much of the same thing? I am not quite sure... but I'm going back to my old facial wash and sticking to the alpha hydroxy face lotion. Another thing is that facial washes really do not exfoliate your skin.. They just tone it.. and I think I need more exfoliation or I wish they had exfoliation beads in this product.. Maybe it would've worked better? Idk.."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this face wash on and off for YEARS!I just saw this at Ulta for around $6 so I will use this until they stop selling it.I started using Alpha Hydrox about 8 years ago. I had bad acne from using the pill and was on ProActive.This cleanser worked just as well and it wasn't $40!My skin was so soft and seriously, after one day of use my skin cleared up.I'm so happy I found this again. They've stopped selling this at most drug stores.I have dry skin during the winter and super oily during the summer. This is great cleanser during the summer months.It's a bit drying on my skin during the winter so I use Aveda moisturizer after.Btw,If you love Aveda cleansing gel, you might like this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have suspicions that this  may be a counterfeit.  I purchased this because it was rated so high.  After washing and drying my face, my face starts to burn.  I then have to rush and put moisturizer on my face as quick as possible to avoid/eliminate the burning.  I have also noticed some dry patches on my face since beginning to use this.  Finally, my face burns during the day if I happened to sweat outside.All three of these experiences are new to me.  I have never experienced any of these things with any other cleanser."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If you want to live your life like a vampire...this is the right product for you! Why? Well, I found out the hard way, Glycolic Acid increases your skins sensitivity to the sun. A warning was issued on the lable, but silly me didn't think it would be that big of a deal. I burnt horribly the next day from 20 min. of sun exposure! YIKES! Not worth it.It does, however, improve the look of the skin, the price is great, and there is no fragrance(YAY). BUT, like most beauty products, it has dimethicone, which is an acne irritant. If you have horrible acne like me, dimethicone is TERRIBLE for you! Find something with out it! If you don't, than this might work nicely for you. Dimethicone is bad no matter what, but it wont hurt your skin appearance if you have no acne."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was really excited to try this because of the wonderful reviews.  I put it on right before going to bed. The 1st through 4th days were wonderful. It did exactly like it promised. My face looked much brighter and clear.  However on day 5, I woke up with red itchy pimples all over my face and neck.  After a series of expensive test and research, my derm said it was contact dermatitis from using this product. She said that it had the preservative Diazolidinyl Urea in it.  She went on say that a lot of companies are moving away from this preservative because it causes problems with a lot of people. Keep in mind, I do not have sensitive skin. That being said, if they would discontinue using DIAZOLIDINYL UREA in their product, I would definately try it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As a retired hairdresser I have some training in skin care and the Alpha Hydrox line is effective and modestly priced. It works better than the designer products at triple the price. Don't waste your time or money on any product with less than 8% glycolic acid, and don't be suckered into buying brands that promise more than 14%. The FDA mandates no more than 14%, and those products that claim higher concentrations are \"fudging\" their formulations. One thing to remember? When you try a new product give it 6 weeks of use before deciding whether or not it works for you. It takes 6 weeks for skin cells to go through their \"life\" cycle. It's only after a full cycle that you will see full and true results. I love this whole line of skin care and have been using it for several years. I just turned 50, and people are constantly asking what skin care products I use. You simply cannot beat the Alpha Hydrox line for effectivness and cost!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this to try because it seemed to have some good active ingredients at a fair price. Alas, as I already know, you get what you pay for. First, the smell is pretty off putting, but that's not the deal breaker for me. What I really dislike is the watery texture and how it seems to just sit on my skin in white streaks that don't seem to absorb so much as dry on the face. This just feels icky yo use before bed and it's definitely not right for under makeup. Once it finally dries, it does sort of tighten the skin, but leaves it feeling sort of tuggy, not soft and smooth.I am generously giving this 2 stars because at least it doesn't seem to cause any adverse reactions."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So i was a bit skeptical about this product at first. I tried it for a whole week and let me tell you-brighten skin tone-acne going away-old acne scars fading-new acne scars fading-softnes-smoothnessI just dont really like the smell. I did a patch test as they said. It burns on acne marks alil but no harm just working.How I use it before I go to bed i apply a peas size that all. I even started using it for my toes knuckles they have gotten hard from last summer.. and its helping!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been having acne issues since i was 13 and im now 23. Nothing ever seem to work for the acne scar. I am usually skeptical about people reviews but I heard that AHA could help and i gave it a try. My goodness! Its only been 2 weeks and i am already seeing great improvements in the texture, tone and the overall health of my face. The price is just right and the quantity is definitely worth the bang for your buck. Don't be scared when you get a burning sensation, thats normal and proof that it is working. Out of all the products i have used to treat my acne marks, this is by far the best and the price is a bonus! This will have your skin looking so young, fresh and alive. You will glow! Im so happy and slowly regaining confidence. i can't wait to see future results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm 48 and Mom is 75 yrs old and ANY moisturizer gives us immediate acne.  I'm glad I found this again, the AH souffle is a tad oily.  The no-oil formula is a godsend, no more breakouts.  The product exfoliates according to how much and how often you use it (overuse will get you a red face).  It provides a gentle peel effect that starts working quickly drying up oil and acne.  I like the rate of peel; no scaly face. In 2-3 months I had smoother skin, slightly smaller pores, and better skin tone.  Using Alpha Hydroxy I have received the first EVER complements on my skin. I have very few wrinkles for my age.  I'm not saying I look 30, but I look good.  Mom's a recent convert, her skin has smoothed and she has noticed a difference."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this product based on the rave reviews about using it as a treatment for acne. I currently have a strict regimen I stick to every morning and every night that is the only thing that works for me. I added the Alpha in and have seen no significant difference. It's on par with using 2% salicylic acid, which doesn't do much. I won't be repurchasing this as I don't feel it's worth the money.My products:Morning- 15% Benzoyl Peroxide face wash, 1% clindamycin lotion (prescription)Afternoon - 1% Clindamycin lotionNight - 10% Benzoyl peroxide creamI tried using this in the morning before applying my clindamycin lotion and then again in the afternoon after washing my make up off. It's better than using nothing but barely."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is heavier than the lotions so I normally use it on my arms and legs, and a dab on my face at night with the lotion. It's fragrance free, doesn't break me out and helps with winter itching. I recommend for sensitive skin types like mine, because cold weather makes my life miserable. Always has. Dry skin, rough hair and five months of no light. At least there's a lotion line out there that cures one of those issues. Could the makers of cetaphil please destroy winter as we know it? I'd really appreciate it, if this global warming deal doesn't work out...thanks. Oh by the way, I think they changed the formula because it's easier to spread."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this stuff. I use it as a facial lotion. This tub has lasted me over a year and I use it on a daily basis. I have extremely sensitive skin and this lotion hasn't irritated my face at all. It also has NO smell at all, no weird chemical smells or anything. It goes on a tad bit greasy if you use too much, but it quickly absorbs. It also doesn't irritate my acne. When I don't use this product, my face gets really dry like it usually does, but it works great when I use it. If I had to pick a con, it would be that I hate that this product is in a tub.....since it lasts so long, I don't like the thought of dipping my hands into a tub, it feels unsanitary. If you accidentally forget to put the lid on, the product gets hard at the top......either way, whatever. It still works great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I moved to the high desert plains a couple of years ago and the combination of low humidity and hard water began to wreak havoc on my skin. I've tried many different products at many price points, including some extremely expensive ones. Lotions did not last and most creams I tried felt too heavy or either looked *or* felt greasy. This Cetaphil formula has the perfect balance for me; it is light enough to sink in deeply and thick and creamy enough to make my skin feel incredibly soft and have that feeling last.TIP: I buy this extra large size to keep the cost low but I reuse small cream containers to make this \"portable\".Leaves my skin soft and supple. Doesn't leave a scent. Doesn't cause breakouts. Quite simply the best!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Absolutely love this cream.  I have combination skin with oily t-zone but my skin dries out near my cheeks, near my eyes and chin.  I use this cream twice a day--once at night after a shower and once in the morning after washing and cleaning my face.  A lesser moisturizer would result in dry skin by lunchtime but this cream really keeps my skin moist and soft.  Super safe around eyes and works into skin really well.  No added scents!  I've tried lots of different moisturizers and this one is by far the best."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this.  My dermatologist has always told me to use cetaphil because I have acne.  I was actually using the cetaphil facial moisturizer for a while until I tried this.  I like it a lot better because it moisturizes my face a lot better than the other.I use it on my face and neck every time I wash my face (morning and night).  It doesn't feel too thick, but it helps moisturize.  It Doesn't feel greasy, oily, or sticky either.  Another plus is that it lasts forever if you use it for mainly your face.  I'm guilty for using in on the dry patches on my arms though!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This stuff is a miracle. I have incredibly dry skin from eczema and allergies. Winter is pretty awful for me. My skin, especially my legs, get very dry and itchy. Then I scratch and they hurt. Then I put lotion on and they sting. And I've tried everything, having particular luck with colloidal oatmeal lotions, but they weren't perfect.But this has been a godsend.Even though I use Cetaphil face wash, I would have never thought to try this out but received it in a package of products from Allure called the Allure Beauty Box. After my first use I was in love.It's thick, feels nice going on, doesn't burn, and kept my skin unbelievably healthy. I haven't scratched my legs once all winter for the first time in 25 years. Seriously unbelievable.I can't recommend this enough. Really does what it says!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have extremely dry skin/psoriasis and I have tried all of the moisturizers in the world that claim to relieve dry skin but Cetaphil is the only cream that has ever saved me. It's really great for any skin type and I recommend it to everyone. It seems like it would be greasy but when its put on, it absorbs really fast and you can see that your skin really and FINALLY finally moisturized and its a rather wonderful feeling. I'm pretty sure that if I didn't use it, I'll have horribly dry/ peeling skin all over my face and look twenty years older than I actually do because of it. It's so wonderful! CeraVe and Cetaphil are the two moisturizers I highly recommend, but Cetaphil is still my favorite."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My dermatologist friend has this all over his home... he's got two little kids.... so I figured there might be something to it.Bit pricey but I can see how this will last me awhile.... I like to use it on my drier bits... feet, knees, elbows, face, etc. I was never great about lotion on my face but when I've used this, it's been kind of awesome.... it just love that it feels so rich but so neutral... I guess that's the point... don't want it to aggravate the skin!So I figured I'd splurge a little in my mission to become better friends with my skin. I figure if I get a good running start now, I can look more youthful even as my body has other plans ;)Really like this cream!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser is the gentlest facial cleanser I have been able to find. I am highly allergic to several different soaps and preservatives, but Cetaphil doesn't cause me to break out, itch, or dry up.I'd suggest the liquid Cetaphil cleanser instead of their soap bar, as bars can cause one to have clogged pours (read: blackheads).The only downside is that it won't remove makeup very easily, so I only use it in the morning and use my trusty cold cream at night.This bottle is rather large.  I use it to refill my 4 oz bottle since it's cheaper to buy 16 ounces at a time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The texture of the cleanser takes some getting used to; it does not spread over the skin like soap so I can't get away with a couple of squirts on a washcloth to wash my whole body. I have dry, sensitive skin and mild adult acne that gets worse with exercise and the hot weather. In the month I used this (only lasted me that long) I realized I wasn't breaking out the way I used to. When I ran out I tried another, less expensive product that was also supposed to be dermatologist recommended. I broke out the next day and had itching in areas that weren't itchy using Cetaphil. I'm going back to Cetaphil but to make it last longer I'm just using it on my face and sensitive areas. I think it's worth it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Hi,I've been using Cetaphil for years now.  I first bought after reading reviews in Allure magazine and I wasn't disappointed one bit!! It's the best, non drying and non-abrasive cleanser I've ever used... and while it is a bit pricey (I'm pretty cheap lol) it's worth it and the bottle (used by my eldest daughter and myself) lasts us 6 months!  And you can use it without water if you needed too!  It's amazing!Honestly, I will use this stuff forever.  :)LOVE it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Ever since my friend told me about Cetaphil a few years ago I have not used any thing else! Since then I have been introducing my friends and family to Cetaphil soaps and creams. Not only does it make your face and body so smooth and soft but I think it makes you look younger. I have noticed that the wrinkles around my eyes and forehead seem to have diminished a little. I highly recommend the lotions and face creams. This is a great product for all ages of women. You will feel the diffence on your skin as soon as you apply it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin and combination at that. I used to spend much more money on the kinerase moisturizer. But I decided to try other brands so save some money. After several attempts on different brands. I found this gem! Diamond in the rough! It lasts me a long time and I have no reaction to it. I only hope they don't discontinue it any time soon because I really don't want to find another one and chances are, it will be much more expensive. At this price you should definitely try this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Pleasant smell, non-irritating, non-drying does it what it claims! I was depressed over how my skin was looking & tried Proactiv but that stuff made my condition worse, with this & the Neutrogena, Anti-Wrinkle, Anti-Blemish cream, I noticed a noticable difference the next day even my mom said that my skin was pretty! Don't expect a big lather with this in fact, it's actually a good thing it doesn't lather too much (it's just right) because that can be drying to your skin just as they say you don't want an uber soapy shampoo that lathers too much because that can strip the oils from your hair drying it out. I LOVE THIS STUFF, & being on a fixed income I needed something I can afford that actually delivered on it's promises!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I can't find this is ANY stores.  Neutrogena makes something similar in a pump, but I hear that it's pretty harsh on the skin.  I got this due to rave reviews -- and Thank You Amazon for carrying it --- and I absolutely love it.  I wear it almost nightly under my moisturizer.  My skin is smoother and appears fresher in the morning.  It did make my nose peel a little bit, but that's when I take a night off.  I really like this and hopefully can continue to buy this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "All the neutrogena are very effective when it comes to anti wrinkle and acne fighting, only draw back if you are prone to have sensitive skin like me, be careful how much you apply, and how often you apply it, otherwise it will really dry your skin out and your skin becomes very itchy.So make sure to follow the directions, do only apply to the effected area, stay away from anywhere from the eye area, about 1 inch at least, and try it out first and use it every other day or so.Even as I keep my Neutrogena products on hand for emergencies,:) , for the day to day use you maybe want to check out the Lush products that are also on sale here on Amazon. Dream Creme, amazing moisturizer(also for people who have dry skin due to Caner treatments !!!!) , Vanishing creme, amazing moisturizer for acne prone skin, deminishes redness, acne scars, and Herbalism, an organic cleanser."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using the night cream from this line for a few months and quite like it -- so I decided to buy the corresponding day SPF 15 cream.Overall, it's a nice product. Moisturizes well, and have good enough SPF. I like the fact that it has retinol and comes in a tin tube (so sun can't decay the retinol). I haven't noticed any improvements in my fine lines or wrinkles, but I'm using it more as a preventative measure (I'm 34 currently).However, I have noticed that the texture of the product is a bit chalky and less nice and soothing as the night version. I attribute this to the SPF, so that's fine. I like this product enough to continue buying it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "with just 1 month of using this product my skin already feels so much smoother.  for people that wear makeup this is great for it soaks in very fast and doesn't just lay on top of the skin before you put your makeup on.  i have it delivered monthly and i use in the am and pm.  if it's been a very warm day i put it on again in the afternoon.  love that it has a sunscreen in it.  no such thing as using too much of this in the florida climate.  i highly recommend this.  i don't see however that it would work well for excessively dry skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best cleanser I have used in years.  I have 30 year old skin that is starting to look a tiny bit tired after two kids and lack of sleep.  In addition I have break outs still on a regular basis or should I say I did until using this product.  Since using this product my skin is looking refreshed and I have ZERO breakouts, even around that time of the month.  I ran out and was using some sample products I had on hand and what a mistake, my blemishes came back almost instantly.  As soon as I returned to using this product my skin was clear and feeling great.  I use it once a day in combination with the Neutrogena lavender face wipes at night.  This product is not a scrub, but a creamy sort of cleanser.  I would recommend this product for sure, no hesitation."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this product in despair after Neutrogena discontinued Oil-Free Acne Stress Control 3-in-1 Hydrating Acne Treatment. But I found I liked this product better. True I am older and it is time to switch to a more intense moisturizing regime, but this product really worked. I know Neutrogena has put Oil-Free Acne Stress Control 3-in-1 Hydrating Acne Treatment back on the market but I am sticking with this Anti-wrinkle stuff from now on. I highly recommend this to anyone over the age of 25 who has the intelligence to wash their face before bedtime. Use this, it may not get rid of wrinkles but it really does keep your face softer and prevents peeling and helps heal sun damage. I speak from experience. This stuff is not a miracle (most products are not) but it really does a good job and the price is very reasonable."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I never thought a body oil would be so great.  When I hear \"body oil,\" I think, \"greasy,\" \"thick,\" and \"gross.\"  Neutrogena body oil is none of those things.  I squirt a little in the tub when I run a bath, and it keeps my skin from drying out.  After I shower, I put it on my legs and they never get dry, either.  It's so light that you don't feel it at all, and the scent is very light too.  I did, however, order the unscented version for when my current bottle runs out.  My husband is hooked on this stuff too.  We keep a bottle in the shower, and when we turn the water off, we just put some on our arms and legs before we get out.  That way, we don't have to use a lot of heavy lotions instead."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First of all, I always buy the unscented body oil because I use a dropper and squirt some of my favorite aromatherapy essential oils into it before I use it. It takes no more than one dropper full to completely scent the entire bottle of body oil. Impressive, and with heavier oils like sweet almond it takes alot more than just one dropper to carry the scent.I use this after my shower, and just a few drops on my hand can cover an entire body area (lower leg, upper leg, arm, ect). I find the moisture to be helpful, but not enough for my legs, so I use lotion there, too. But it helps, definitely. Plus it adds a sexy sheen (as in shine, not Charlie).It's also great for suntanning, though suntanning is bad for skin anyway...this at least helps keep the skin moist and isn't so heavy that it makes me feel sticky afterwards."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried all kinds of oils over the years to combat dry skin.  I love this Neutrogena body oil, I love the large bottle it comes in, it has a great flip top that makes it easy to use, without making a huge oily mess.  It smells great, it goes on smoothly and is easy to blend in.  I will be ordering more of this, it works so well.  It has helped me get rid of a patch of very dry skin I had on the back of my neck.  I just put this on after a shower, when the skin is still moist.  It really moisturizes and isn't greasy."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Neutrogena Body Oil is an added extra....something good especially through this exceptionally brutal winter. However, for me, it doesn't work as well in the shower as I expected it to.  I love Neutrogena products and decided to try this.  It works just OK during the shower.  I even do as instructed...use on damp skin w/o rubbing off. I must say though, I find it works much better when I use it in the bath.  Maybe it's the fact that it has more time to penetrate into the skin.I have sensitive skin &amp; therefore I'm really comfortable w/Neutrogena's light products.  I may have to get something a little stronger for the shower but for my baths...it's good!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have to start out by saying that I am really not a fan of Neutrogena products. This is one of the exceptions. Three days after starting Accutane, I ran out of my expensive moisturizer (Physiodermie - Oily Skin Cream - 50ml) and had to run to the drugstore to buy moisturizer. I had a meltdown because they didn't have Olay in stock and bought Aveeno, Cetaphil, and this. This is the best, by a long shot. It feels nearly as good as my expensive one, but it doesn't sink into the skin quite as fast. The only downside is the smell, which is of clay. I don't mind it, since that proves it is fragrance free-- I just wish it was a little less strong.My favorite drugstore moisturizer is stillOlay Regenerist Deep Hydration Regenerating Cream, 1.7-Fluid Ounce, but I would definitely repurchase this neutrogena moisturizer!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Neutrogena oil free moisture SPF 15 is amazing. The bottle has a little pump that makes it very easy to dispense. The product goes very far and you only need a little bit. This product is great for people with dry/semidry or combination skin. It helps combat dry skin in the places that need it without adding additional oil. It is also good to put under makeup. It causes much less foundation to be used up due to the fact that the skin is already moisturized. It also has SPF 15 which is great for the summer when you're not outside for long periods of time. (For long periods of sun exposure, I would suggest a higher SPF.) This product does smell a bit like sunscreen so there's no secret to what you're using!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For years I have struggled with dry, acne-prone skin, and all moisturizers I tried caused me to break out, left my face feeling oily, or would wear-off and would need to be re-applied throughout the day. This is the first moisturizer I have tried that works for my sensitive skin without any of those problems.This product dissolves quickly without oily residue and leaves my skin feeling soft for the entire day (until I wash my face my again).  I use this product twice a day (morning and night) after I wash my face, and I love it!  If you are struggling to find a good facial moisturizer, I would definitely recommend this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After having my baby I developed a rash on my hands from overwashing and extremely dry skin. I visited a dermatologist who prescribed me a steroid cream to get rid of the rash and samples of this hand cream. He insisted I use this every time I wash my hands to keep them moisturized so I would not have another rash breakout. I have been using this for over a year now and do not have dry chapped skin. I still wash my hands about 20 times a day so this is a life saver!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a great product but it is not what I would call a hand &#34;cream.&#34;  The formula is a yellowish almost clear oil/petroleum-like based formula.  It does absorb into the skin but not completely.I would not use this during the day to avoid leaving greasy prints on things.  This is a great product to use at night because it does absorb somewhat into hands and the residue creates a &#34;mask&#34; soaking completely into the skin after a few hours.  It leaves hands very soft and well moisturized; perfect for night treatments.If you have severely chapped dry hands this is a great product because it will not cause a burning sensation that most hand lotions will.  The formula is extremely gentle and would work on most cases of dry cracked skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This creme is super heavy duty, but tends to disappear as it soaks in.  Great for hands and feet. Being in Arizona, I am always having to apply some kind of creme to my heels and hands to combat dryness. I've run through about a dozen, high-end and low-end, but nothing works quite like the Norwegian Formula. Must be all the glycerin?I wouldn't use it on my face, obviously, but anywhere you have itchy, cracked or super dry skin, go for it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm absolutely in love with this hand cream. Since it's winter my hands have been cracking a lot and feeling really dry. If it isn't the weather, it's washing my hands too often, but this cream has completely healed my hands. After one or two uses (overnight) my hands feel and look better! You need only a small amount to get this result too (:It does feel a little tacky after you apply it, but give a minute or two and it'll sink into your skin. It'll be like it's not even there!I totally recommend this product. No doubt in my mind."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This hand cream was created for use by Norwegian fishermen working in the North Atlantic.  There is nothing glamorous about it. It doesn't have pretty packaging, there is no pretty fragrance, it tends to be a little slow to absorb and it is gooey if you get  too much on.  However...it is hands down, without a doubt, the hand cream that produces the best results over any other, in my opinion.  I use it at night (I use a more easily absorbed cream during the day) and the next morning my hands are kitten-soft and incredibly smooth.  Not surprising.  After all, if it can help those fishermen braving the icey waters of the North Atlantic, think what it can do with our hands!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My mom started using this product and has been \"addicted\" to it ever since. She uses it when her hands are dry any time of the year. I was a little skeptical of this \"miracle cure\" (as said by my mom), but when I tried it out I must say that I was pretty impressed. My dry skin went from being rough and ,well, dry to smooth and moist (but not too moist . .just enough to feel nice). The only problem I had with this hand cream was that it was very thick and it made my hands very sticky/slippery for quite some time . .a longer time than most lotions/hand creams. . .But, after it dried out some, everything was cool . .."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Every winter my hands get really chapped.  Even if I wear gloves.  They crack and bleed and are just not attractive.  Every year I try to find something that works.  I took a chance and bought this item.  It's amazing!  I put some on last night and immediately noticed that my knuckles weren't as tight and my skin was softer.  Applied a little more before bedtime.  This morning, my hands are silky smooth.  There's no cracking, no chapping and they look amazing!It is thick, and until it absorbs it leaves your hands feeling a little weird.  But it doesn't take long to absorb and that feeling goes away.  For the results, it's well worth it!I recommend this product to anyone who can't find anything that works."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a basic make-up remover.  I forgot how thick it is.  It does a good job at removing my make-up.  You need to wipe it off with a face cloth or wet wipe to remove.  It will not come off with just a water splash.  It leaves my skin soft and dewey.  I would recommend to you if you like the extra removal step.  You wil need to follow with a toner to completely remove the residue from your skin.  Nice scent."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This does have the extra ingredients that some people on here are unhappy about, but it does not sting or burn me whatsoever. It feels very mild and nice on my face. Everybody was raving about the smell, so I was surprised when I opened it and realized that the smell is kind of like a grandmother's perfume. It's not a bad smell at all, though. The cream takes my make-up off nicely, even tough liquid liner. I was really surprised by how small the jar actually is, but after using it I realized that this stuff will last me forever. You only need a very small amount to do the trick. Overall, I'd recommend this to anybody!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Reasonably priced skin cream that can go on under makeup for daywear and apply liberally at night.  I have been using this for years and it does softens skin in an extra rich texture that has a pleasing and recognizable scent.Since I am allergic to lanolin and have had sensitive skin my whole life I first checked the ingredients on the back of the jar and found this is not listed.There is also no sticky feeling left on your hands or face after applying and no tightness present on the face. It feels so silky when applied after I have come inside from a hot day, relief in a small jar that can be applied over face and throat. I have noticed a big difference in how my face looks since I first started using Pond's Dry Skin Cream."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I never taken care of my face as I should so I ordered a jar of this to start the process. Turning 30 is boring and hard. so far this has been a really, really great choice!! I have very sensitive skin and I get little to no breakouts and this lotion has been a perfect balance to keep that consistent. I've tried other lotions that claimed to be amazing (I'm looking at you Lush) and have either broken out of the ingredients have dried my skin out drastically.I will buy this again and continue to use it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have extremely dry skin...if I scratch my face in certain areas, like around my nose, skin flakes off, it's so dry. So of course I've tried every kind of moisturizer out there. This has worked the best for me. You only need a littlebit, I put it on and my face stays moisturized all day without my skin soaking it up and drying right back out. But it's definitely only for dry skin. Other people will say its greasy, but if your skin is truly dry like mine, It'll soak it right up and stay moisturized and it won't look greasy."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only cosmetic product I've stuck with for over 25 years.  This powder has been around forever and there is a reason for that.  It has a very fine texture which applies perfectly.  It is also very inexpensive.  Most people would be able to use this powder without foundation, since it enhances and perfects the complexion so well. Unless you really need extra coverage, I recommend the basic translucent shade if you wear foundation, which should work with nearly every complexion.  The other shades are heavier and, if used with certain foundations, might not last as well for over 8 hours without caking.  On the other hand, the heavier extra coverage shades work very well without foundation.  I've tried Christian Dior, Lancome, Elizabeth Arden, and a million other loose powders and none of them compare to Coty."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have two other foundations that I mainly use but this comes a close second to them.  Great coverage.  Stays put.  Easy to use.  What more could you ask for?  Maybe make it easier to find.  I've been so surprised at how many stores have dropped this product. I really love Max Factor and hope it doesn't get discontinued.  That would be a real shame for such a good brand.  Their mascara, 2000 Calories, is one of the best I've used too.  Went looking for it the other day in the store but no luck.  Thank goodness we can still get it here. :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I tried this product while looking for a replacement for the Neutrogena Visibly Firm lotion that has now apparently been discontinued.  I am NOT impressed.  It reeks of \"that sunscreen smell\" and leaves my face feeling greasy for hours.  It does not work well under makeup - the face ends up with a somewhat smeary look, similar to the look you get on a hot day when you've been sweating buckets.  Additionally, it causes a very uncomfortable burning sensation if you get even the tiniest bit in an eye.I now only apply this product on my neck and d&eacute;colletage. While it does seem to work pretty well as a moisturizer, I will not be purchasing any more when the two-pack has been used up.Disappointing."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'd been using the regular Neutrogena bar soap on my face for years, but I just decided to grab this one day while shopping.  I could not be more pleased!  I always thought my skin looked ok, but with this I actually love my skin!  Not to sound vain, but I look in the mirror and just think about how good my skin looks now and I don't even wear coverup!  IMO I think it makes me look younger too, but that could be wishful thinking!  This does not have the consistency of a cleanser, it does seem more like a lotion, but don't let that dissaude you, it is really great on the skin!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Okay - I agree with others that this face wash can be drying.  I would not use it.  However, my husband swears by it and I see his results.  He has been cursed with horrible problem skin that can have bad cystic acne breakouts even though he is in his fifties.  If he goes even a few days without using Deep Clean he will begin breaking out.  He is a firefighter and is usually very good about bringing all of his grooming items when he works a 24 or 48-hour shift.  Occasionally he forgets an item.  If this is the item , you can tell even if he had to use a different product for as little as one day.I have to believe what I see and his testimonial."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love love love this cleanser!!! I'm changing products all the time to see if I find a better fit, but I always come back to this cleanser! It feels sooo good on my combination acne prone skin. It doesn't dry it out, however I can feel it cleanses very well. I like to leave it on as a mask during the time I brush my teeth (about 5 min or so), then when I rinse it off my skin feels amazing, there's a light tingling feeling and incredible deep clean sensation! They say it contains beta hydroxy, so I'm guessing it's acting a little kind of like very light peeling, refreshing your complexion every time..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this cleanser for years and I love it.  It does a good job cleaning your skin, while also leaving it soft.A few months ago I switched over to Biore Combination Skin Balancing Cleanser.  In comparing the two products, the Biore does a much better job cleansing your skin.  When I am wearing make-up, the Neutrogena Deep Clean always left a little reside behind.  The Biore, however, never did.But, after using Biore for 3 months, I decided to go back to Neutrogena for daily use.  The Biore was just too drying.  I never had a problem with dry skin with Neutrogena.  So, back to what I used for years before.  I'll still use the Biore for the few times a week that I wear make-up...but, for every other day, I am going to use Neutrogena.My husband also uses this and loves it as well."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Men...if you have large pores that get clogged up this is for you.  I started using this two months ago.  It will keep your pores clean and open.  After just one month I found that the pores on my nose were staying open and actually seemed to be slowly diminishing in size.  I have this as one of my many subscribe and save items... so I know it will be a good price and I know it will arrive with all my other sub/saves on the 1st of every month."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't use this often but when I do it feels great to my skin.  It cleans well, removes oil and dirt.  I like how does not cause that overdrying feeling once it dries.  It also seems to have a cooling aid too so if I happen to clean to harshly I won't tell.  For those who wear makeup from my understanding it's a good at removing it before bedtime.  This does cost a few bucks more than its competition Noxzema -- I don't see a big difference besides you paying for the name.  Nevertheless pretty good facial cleaner."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this mascara! I have used it for several years and when I try other mascaras, I am never happy with them and I always come back to this one. I don't like waterproof mascara because it is so hard to get off and I feel like I pull eyelashes out when I try to get it off. This if perfect; it is truly a thickening mascara and makes your eyelashes look great! And it doesn't have to be black; even the brown looks great! I like that it's also hypoallergenic and that it conditions my lashes with aloe and vitamin B5. And even with the shipping the cost was less than if I bought it in a store...and it's delivered right to my door!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Almay make-up remover towelette like  wipes are much better than these Almay pads.  These pads irritated my eyes because they are scratchy and they have soooooo much oil on them.  One word: Horrible!  I have to use a paper towel to soak up the oil first before I put these on my eyes and it's still that bad.  I only got them because I love Almay make-up towellete like wipes.  Boy was that a big mistake.  Stay-away from these pads."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because it was on the top ten colognes for men on some site i went too on google. Anyways, it smells really great and lasts all day. I work in a corporate office and its 8 hour days and this scent lasts well pass the time i get home. Warning: you dont need a lot of sprays for this, a few well placed squirts around the neck and the wrists and your good to go. I recommend this, it came well before the estimated delivery time, nothing was tampered with and it smells really great. Get this fragrance and smell like a BOSS!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Early in my married days we were living, well let's call it, a low-income life. With a baby on the way I picked up another (lower-cost) brand. The sticks were harder and the cotton wasn't nearly as puffy and soft.All I can say is that on this item you CAN tell the difference!So in my house we always carry the Q-tips brand of cotton swabs and I must admit we also use a decent (and soft) toilet paper as well.Some things just aren't worth skimping on no matter how tight your budget."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "There's a reason why these guys have been around for years.  Their quality and price have made them the best value there is for cotton swabs.  They do the job, however interesting that that may be, and come back for more.  They're indispensable if you have a baby or young children, but they grow with you into adulthood as well.  There's some things you shouldn't buy the generic and this is one of them.  They've been around for years and for good reason - they're great!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The cotton on these unravels every single time I use them! I didn't have any troubles with the stick bending etc, but the cotton issue is terrible!! I bought these since they were on sale so cheap - 2 bucks - but now I regret it.I usually buy generic ones at the Dollar Tree, for a dollar of course, and those work perfectly well and NEVER unravel on me. I figured for the price, I'd buy these QTip brand, but boy was that a mistake. I can't even believe these things are so poor in quality, but yet the price is premium. Ripoff."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For starters, my hair LOOOOOVES color. Soaks it right up and does great with almost all cheapo home kits.I got to the color on the box from very dark brown in about 3 colorings that were spaced out, hence the 4 stars. I have a lot of red in my hair and it really kept the brassiness to the minimum while I worked on getting to a lighter shade. there is a lot of really nice dimension to the color as well, making it look naturally blonde.I also ignored the timing instructions. I always apply my color the same way (roots to ends) and leave it on for 45 minutes no matter what. I also cover my hair with a plastic cover to keep heat in and help the color set.I finally got bored of the upkeep this color required as far as roots go and went back to my natural, but it was a fun (and cheap) way to go medium blonde for a while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very dark brown hair and for some reason it took me a while to learn that these feria blacks are just not good for your hair. not only does it strip my color out of my hair (my hair starts turning medium brown in spots after a week of this product) but my hair absolutely feels awful (course, dry, brittle) immediately after usage. loreals \"last through 28 shampoos\" creme gloss product is longer lasting than this so called permanent hair color. I think this crap needs to be taken off the shelves and they need to try again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I discovered this color on what was my never ending search for the perfect bright copper red hair color. I found it once at  Target, then when I went back to get more, they were sold out. I went to every drugstore in the area for months and no one ever has it in stock. Finally I did an internet search and have been ordering it on automatic delivery ever since. The color is not for the faint of heart-it definitely gets noticed. I love it. I am stopped regularly by men-and women and complimented. There is no comparable product out there. I even went to a beauty outlet and worked with a sales person but the color came out more pink than copper. This is so much easier."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like the ombre look. So i decided to try this after all of the tutorials Ive watched.Long story short, I think this look is okay.....Its definitely looks better with your hair curled, like a light wavy....But thats just my opinion....Its a very nice product, everything you need is right there in the box.You can achieve any look with this.i will say my first time, my hair did turn brassy copper color.But i bought a second box by accident and re did my color, and its a nice honey blonde....."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This did lift my medium brown hair to a yellow blonde. Which I toned down with a purple toner and now it is a lovely blonde.I left it in for 40 minutes after applying it to my hair. It took me about 20-25 minutes to complete the application so some areas of my hair had  60 minutes of contact with the product. That hair came out completely blonde. Next time I will leave it on a little longer.Left my hair in great condition in comparison to other brands I have tried."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been dying my hair for 10 years, and this is my absolute favorite blonde hair color! Feria seems to last longer than most home coloring brands that I've used. It smells nice, and it lasts longer than your average box color.New improved Feria boasts of \"3X Shimmering Highlights\"... and they're not lying! In the light, you can really see it shimmer. I can also pick out some highlights & lowlights if I look closely. I love it! This color itself (Dark Golden Blonde) is my favorite. I tell my sister it looks like \"gold in a bottle\", which is totally true!As a bonus, I love the conditioner that comes with it!If you want non-brassy color with rich golden/reddish tones, use this! You won't regret it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Back in the day, I would have seen a girl with her hair like this and thought she needed to do her roots.  However, I had gotten sick of my plain dark brown hair and wanted something new.  I saw this at Target and went for it.  I have actually tried before with highlighting kits to do this but thanks to the Feria brush it is now much easier to get this look.  My hair at this time is shoulder length and I took the brush and bleach and at chin level created a new look.  It is really cute!  I curled the ends and can't wait to premier it.  If it gets accolades, I will update this review!!!  LOVE IT...In case my low votes are due to my lack of editing...SORRY, My hair did look fantastic and A LOT of guys liked it!  I have used this again and again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this product at walmart for $10...  waste of money!!  I am mosltly platinum and had a few yellow tones and brassy streaks that I wanted toned out..  I've used feria before but just the darker brown colors.  It did tone out the yellow.. not so much the brass though....  the damage is horrid!!  It feels like it did the first day a bleached it from black..  save your money and your hair and go to sally's and get a quality lightening cream."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'd been messing around with lighter shades of red for about a year before I came across this color. I loved being a strawberry blonde, but the deeper, darker reds always intrigued me. So, I picked this up at Target. I wanna say it was the same price as on here.. At first, I thought it was too outrageous. I don't want to attract attention everywhere I go. But then I started getting compliments. I mean, everywhere I went. I had people tell me it was the prettiest hair color they'd ever seen. And I have to say I agree with them!The only downside is that it didn't seem to last as long as I'd hoped. I use a color depositing shampoo so I expected my results to last a tad bit longer. Either way, I'm happy dying my hair every day if that's what it takes to keep my hair this beautiful!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this color regularly for 4 years. I love it.It's a very bright carrot-y color at first, but as it fades it becomes a very natural red. I have seen many surprised reactions when I tell people that I am not a natural red head.This is the ONLY brand that I will buy an orange-y red from. It's the only brand with the vibrancy I want.TIPS:-when dying your hair red spray windex on anything you accidentally get hair dye on (it'll come off near immediately)-DO NOT wash your hair for 3-4 days after dying your hair red (it helps lock the color in)-DO NOT use shampoos with sulfate in them (they cause the color to fade extremely quickly)-depending on how much it fades and how long it's been you may have to completely redye your hair instead of touching up on it because of the color difference between when you first dye it and when it fadesGood luck!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My hair was already platinum and I was simply trying to get the last of the extremely faint neon-ish banana yellow out, as my toners were not doing the trick and I did not want to bleach again.  I thought for sure this would do it, as it was really only ONE LEVEL to lift and this dye promises seven.  My hair STILL came out with yellow in it.  It's a VERY THICK substance and even with my extremely short and thin hair, I think it may have worked better if I had purchased 3-4...however at that point I may as well go to a salon or just bleach it again, it'd be cheaper and end in better results.  Basically, unless you are already an extreme platinum, this dye will not make your hair the colour on the box.  Furthermore, my dark blonde roots turned out neon orange."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have stick straight, black Asian hair and was skeptical whether or not this would work or be too harsh, but it worked and looks great!PROS- I left it in my hair for 25 min and rinsed it out.  It is VERY subtle, I recommend leaving it in more for a bolder look.- Hair does not appear damaged, but then again I did not leave it in very long- Other people have complimented me on the new highlights and said it looks good- The end color is really beautiful and goldenCONS- You have to put A LOT of it in your hair (especially if you have long hair).  My problem is that I thought I had enough in, but I didn't.- It's a little challenging to apply evenly and get the back hairs in.  In my case, only the front portions changed colorI would recommend this and buy it again!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't like spending a lot of money and I don't like going to get my hair done. Over the years I try to save money by buying the cheaper boxes but my hair never turns out the way I want it to. When I use Feria it comes out exactly how I want it each time. I also love that it's pretty much the only box that gives out true highlights. It's amazing. Other plus about Feria is that it comes with a lot of actual product. Meaning if you have long hair you only need to buy one box! In the end it's just better to spend a couple more dollars to make yourself look great. I've never had a problem with any Feria hair colors. I love it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I can't find this dye anywhere, firstly. Secondly. IF you're like me and you have dark, dark, brown hair, maybe you should look elsewhere. I actually came to this shade because I wanted a reddish tent to my hair.Anyway, this stuff actually shimmers, though my hair is no where near copper it is shimmering. I actually had shiny stuff all over my pillow for a week, so, just a heads up. I love the results I got. I closer to a copper chestnut than a sultry copper, but, like I said, copper was never my intention."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The reason why it scared me is because this is my first time dying my hair and once my hair dried, it didn't look at all like the color. My hair looked like my natural color only with pink blotches here and there. I went to bed and the next day my hair color looked a little better and my hope was restored. I took a shower and noticed the water going down the drain was pink and I assumed the color was still washing out. When my hair dried this time, the color changed again! Now I'm watching my hair color as the days pass and it seems as if the color is still adjusting to the color on the box. So if you experience the same thing I am, don't panic. The color comes in eventually."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this for years, and it's a must-have for helping to keep my heap of curls controlled and conditioned. I use a little every night after I shower and occasionally in the morning, and it really helps to keep my curly hair from tangling and the ends from splitting/frizzing. It also has a pleasant, light scent, and it's a good deal price-wise compared to other leave-in conditioners (many of which I've tried and not been nearly as impressed with).The only drawback is that I have very thick hair and thus go through a bottle of this in a month -- I wish it went a little further. Still, for the price it's hard to beat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have not been able to find this conditioner anywhere until I spotted it on Amazon. Because it's a spray mist, it's much easier to control where and how much I want to apply, which I like because my hair is fine and most bottled conditioners weigh it down, even after ample rinsing.  This spray also enhances the highlights in my hair - I don't know why since it's not meant to do that, but I don't mind. The scent is wonderful and light. I purchased a 3/pk for about $11 with free Prime shipping so for now, I'm a happy camper!  Thanks again Amazon....."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm becoming obsessed with hair products so now I always like to have something in my hair even when I'm not styling it. I love this product because it's a spray, and it's quick to use. It doesn't leave my hands sticky, and I can put it in my hair as soon as I get out of the shower. I use it before I use other hair products too. Plus, it smells really good!I mostly love it because it's a spray and not a cream. It's cheap, and I will definitely be buying this again when I run out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product smells great. It has a coconut/beachy/light smell that fades so it is not overpowering at all. I wash my hair with shampoo and conditioner, then spray it on my dry hair and comb thru. It leaves my hair super soft and smooth. I even used it a day after washing my hair when I woke in the morning to smooth out bed head. It does not leave your hair greasy or weighed down at all. Not sure how that is possible but I love it. I have atomic pink hair and it does not fade my color."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "In my quest to find the best products for my hair, I purchased this leave-in on a whim, thinking the spray bottle would add convenience to my overall hair regimen. I was so wrong. This product left my hair extremely dry and difficult to manage. I expected it to work like other leave-ins and provide moisture, but all it did was suck the moisture out and leave behind something resembling a helmet. lol The bottle states that the product contains silk protein, but I think there is more protein than moisturizing ingredients, hence the hard hair. I will not be purchasing this again in the future and would not recommend it to anyone."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this leave-in conditioner and it's so hard to find! Glad to get it in an &#34;add-on&#34; deal. I'm a lap swimmer and have colored and highlighted hair but don't like wearing swim caps. Instead, I wet my hair and spritz this into it, so my hair is saturated and the chlorinated water rolls off. At least, I'm hoping that's what happens! My hair stylist suggested I do this and my color seems to last as long as it should."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Suave Daily Clarifying shampoo is great for removing build up.  I use it weekly because my dandruff shampoo builds up after a while; my friend uses it daily because the many styling products she uses leave her hair looking dull.The bottle says for \"normal to oily\" hair, but my hair is dry and I've never had an issue with it drying out my scalp.This has to be the best bargain shampoo in the world.  If I didn't suffer from dandruff I would use it only a daily basis."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have relied on Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo for many years for its ability to clean my hair and slightly oily scalp at a reasonable price.  It was an excellent alternative to theNeutrogena Anti-Residue Formula Shampoo.The last time I purchased this, I noticed that it was in a fancy new bottle and was tinted pale blue rather than being colorless.  When I got home, I was dismayed to find that Suave has also added a vaguely floral and unfortunately artificial chemical perfume to the formulation that irritates my eyes and sinuses and gives me a headache.I can no longer use this product.  I certainly hope that Suave will reconsider this change and go back to the original, almost-odorless formula."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am an African-American woman with 4a hair. I gave this shampoo a perfect score because it thoroughly cleaned my hair and scalp with drying it out or stripping it. My hair has low porosity so it can easily collect build up. It is important for the health of my hair to keep it as clean as possible. I use it about once a month. I also love the price. I bought it at Walgreens for only 75 cents. I was surprised that such a cheap product could work so well. I recommend this product to anyone with any hair type. I'm sure this product will work just as well with naturally straight hair. I am definitely going to use more products from this brand in the future."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Granted, it is the industrial ingredient standard, but What Suave has done for the knockoff is what Armani has done for the couture industry. Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo (comes in clear-Blue or clear-White)washes away the daily grime of product use and can also be used to treat swimmer's hair in a pinch. For just under $2.00 it is a real gem, and if I wasn't such a die-hard Aubrey Organics fan, I'd use it every shampoo... Like I said, it's a real keeper (and great for all hair types) !  A+/A-"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I TRYED AT LEAST TWO TONERS BEFORE AND NOTHING COMPARES TO THIS!! IT MAKES YOUR FACE SO REFRESHING AND CALM AFTER YOU WASH YOUR FACE. IT FEELS LIKE COLD WATER WITH SOOTHING ELEMENTS IN. PLUS IT'S NOT OILY LIKE MOST TONERS AS WELL. AND IT'S GREAT FOR ACNE PRONE SKIN.AND DRY OR COMBINATION AS WELL. I USE THIS WITH MY OLAY FOAMING FACE WASH FOR SENSITIVE SKIN. THEN MY ZAYPT ZIT GREAT TRIO.  BUT I HAVE ACNE PRONE AND THIS CALMS THE ACNE DOWN PERFECT. AND NOT OILY SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT YOUR FACE GETTING LIKE A OIL BUCKET. IT'S ALSO VERY CHEAP THEN LOTS OF TONERS SO DON'T THINK THE PRICE IS LOW CAUSE THE PRODUCT IS BAD. THE BEST OF THINGS COME IN LOW PRICES AND PACKAGES!! LOL THANKS AGAIN OLAY!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My wife is writing this review for me:  I have tried all different eye makeup removers, either they are greasy or don't remove enough eye makeup or leave mascara behind.  This Maybelline remover works so very well, removes all of my makeup, doesn't leave my eyes greasy or leave remnants of mascara behind.  It even removes waterproof mascara.  I used Lancome for a while, and honestly, this works better and is so much less expensive.  Everyone should at least try it before buying expensive brands."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This powder has a wonderful, fine, silky consistency and a pleasant smell that doesn't linger. It goes on smoothly with the included puff and controls shine for a long time--maybe not all day, but for several hours, at least. I have mostly normal/combination skin, with a forehead that can get oily and cheeks that tend toward dryness; this controlled shine all over without making any part of my face dry or itchy. It didn't reveal flaky patches or make the thin skin under my eyes look wrinkly. It's difficult to evaluate the finish because it doesn't really match my skin tone. I would expect a powder that only comes in light or medium to be more neutral, but this has a noticeable yellow tone."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Recommended.I have used this to set my L'oreal True Match liquid makeup for years. I have fairly pale skin, and this is the only powder I've found to match my skin tone. Most powders have a tendency to run pink, and I have decidedly warm undertones, so I was pleasantly pleased to find a powder that won't turn my face orange. I have also used CoverGirl's similar powder foundation, which runs slightly more pink than this (though I'd probably classify it more neutral...), and I have a tendency to buy whichever one's cheaper at the drug store. I do not, however, like the powder puff that comes with this product. It's the thin, flat, cloth-type thing that might work better for some people but cakes the powder over my foundation. Whenever I purchase this powder, I use my own face brush to apply it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best bang for your buck when it comes to inexpensive mascaras. It definitely gives lashes dramatic volume but in a way that draws attention to your eyes and not your makeup. It doesn't clump at all, and it only flakes if you really start rubbing your eyes. My only complaint with this product is that it is very difficult to remove...but it's a waterproof mascara. It's supposed to be long lasting! When I shower and wash my face each night it will not budge. It doesn't bother me, but if you are someone who must remove every speck before bedtime, this is not for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Lies lies lies. I shouldn't have believed these positive reviews!! This is like mascara from early 90s or something, just black stain on your lashes, that put your lashes TOGETHER and clump. Oh yes it's waterproof so it gets a one star, thats the only good thing about it....it definitely isn't pretty!!!! And NO IT DOES NOT ADD ANY VOLUME. Wasted my money thank u very much! Sigh. I want my money backkkkkkkkkk!! Grrrrrrrr and I bought this for my wedding!!! D:&lt;I should've gotten l'oreal voluminous waterproof mascara instead......"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I guess the coverage is ok, but I don't like the texture.  It doesn't feel creamy and glide on like I want it to.  It has a dry feel to it during application, but your skin doesn't look dry after you apply it.  As I'm applying it, it dries up too quickly, and then I have to get more from the bottle.  A little does not go a long way and I have to really rub to get it on.  It also looks streaky after I'm done.  It's hard to explain, but I just don't like it.  I prefer cover girl."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am always searching for a foundation suited for my olive skintone. This color was perfect in caramel beige and for my type of skin , Dry with oily t zone. I was so shock to find a foundation which covers minimizes my  discoloration on my cheeks and makes my skin look so much better. I was so happy ordered several more for not to run out. Thank you Amazon for carrying this product.The product is medium coverage , applied it in sections and don't need that much, this gives a better coverage to your face. Please use a light hand on application. I notice some women like to rub in their foundation like lotion. A big no , no.Thank you ,Native Rose"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've has this lipstick for such a long time, and you cant find it in stores anymore :(. I don't use this by itself, I use it for a perfect ombre lip. I take any lip liner and outline my lips, and hen fill in the sides. Then I take this lipstick and put it on the center of my pout. Then I smush them together, and I have a nicely faded ombre lip. I get compliments every time. I have found that my ombre lip works BESTEST ;) with this lipstick. I've tried it with mac ones and its never as good! This lipstick is a staple in  my collection. Very quick shipping !"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I read the rave reviews about using it for years through many generations and the benefits of using it. I am in my early 50's so I wanted to get rid of forehead wrinkles and facial lines. I think I got better results in Ponds. This rich cream may need to sit on the face at night but I don't do night creams-messy. It seems it blends in nicely with a little moderate rubbing but I just didn't notice much difference in my apperance. It's just ok with me not bad and not great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First, other reviewers are correct that what is pictured is not what you'll receive. The shape is different, the handles aren't the same shape, the pads are silicon rather than the rubber we're used to, etc. It threw me for a moment... but then I used the curlers. I have used Revlon lash curlers for as long as I can remember and love them. This actually curls my lashes better than all the ones I've previously owned so I don't care that they aren't what is pictured. I don't know if it's the slightly bent shape, the larger head, the silicone pads, or what, but my lashes are completely curled - nice sweep-up effect - and the curl seems to stay much longer. I highly recommend them."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "YUCK!!!Too bad there's no option for zero star reviews, 'cause this soap deserves one.After three uses, I have broken out in one of the nastiest cases of contact dermatitis that I've had in years.  If you're even slightly sensitive, I've avoid this one like the Plague.Two Weeks Later:  I still have remnants of the rash on my extremities.  I fully expect another week to pass before it all goes away.I contacted Kiss My Face customer service.  Here's their response:Thank for taking the time to write and for your feedback.  Sorry that you are less than pleased with this KISS product. I'll definitely pass your feedback on to our product development team. We love hearing from our customers even when it is less than stellar, and we absolutely do take your input into consideration when developing new products or when tweaking our current line of products. Please feel free to contact me if I can be of further help."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This soap is just ok; it sort of makes my skin feel a bit like it has a film on it or something, but perhaps I just need to get used to it.  I quit using sulphate soaps, and I use this or Dr. Bronner's Tea Tree Oil soap.UPDATE: I really love this soap, and my skin loves it too.  I have VERY sensitive skin, and I can't even use soap with a wash cloth, because I will itch when I get out of the shower if I do.  I really like how delicate this soap is on my skin.  I slather my arms and legs in coconut oil after the shower, and my skin has no irritation at all.  I will probably use this soap forever, as it cleans, but it doesn't make my skin angry.  The bar also lasts FOREVER; I have been using it everyday now for several months, and it's only halfway gone.  Great deal for the money :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I feel the need to write a review of this product mainly because of all the reviews saying its caustic.First let me say I am a soap maker and run a very successful business making cold process soap. Sometimes I don't get a batch made for myself and I have to buy some,so this was convenient and I bought it even after reading some of the terrible reviews. I have several means of testing soap for caustics I used every single one on this bar before using it on my skin,this soap is in NO way caustic! It's a pretty nice basic soap, a large bar, and came at a good price.When I neglect to have soap made for personal use I will definately purchase this product again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've bought this before at the drugstore and used it until it was gone.  The smell is light, the formula is light; it was just a good option for using a dab to stay hydrated without feeling greasy.Problem is, either they changed the formula or I got a bad batch.  Now, even if I apply the thinnest layer to my face, using a dot smaller than the size of a pencil eraser, I get this weird greasy feeling all over.  Shortly after that is what I call \"the water stage,\" where as if by magic, my entire face seems to have a fine sheen of water just sitting right on top.  I seriously have to go pat dry with a towel, because it looks like I've worked up a sincere sweat.  I don't know what's wrong with this product, and I'm holding onto it to try in the dry winter months, but I'm not optimistic.  At this point, I would not order it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is more thin than I thought it would be. I guess I was expecting Pond's thickness, but I didn't want to buy Ponds which is a little greasy for me. Hydra Renewal smells so nice and feels good going on. It doesn't go on oily and soaks into my skin well. I have no problems using it on my face, around my eyes and neck area. I have had no problems applying sunscreen directly after and didn't end up with a greasy mess on my face.  I like the price, too, which is affordable. This product is available at Walmart, as well."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I agree with the reviewer below me..I have used nothing else but this product for over 15 yrs. I have tried so many $$$$$$$$$$$ nothing works better than this.Some products are much too aggressive for the eye area.Having very sensitive skin/eyes, everything I have ever tried irritates my eyes, or is to heavy & greasy.This removes the dark circles, feels extremely cool when applying, is not greasy, but moisturizes & keeps those lines in control .I use it morning & night, can be put in fridge also for hour or (2) before if your eyes are puffy, works wonderfully for that !It's perfect, I hope it never gets discontinued I would be lost without it.Thanks"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this for a few months now and this just moisturizes. For reference, I have normal, slightly oily lids. My eye area is incredibly sensitive to retinol. I have really dark circles, mostly due to genetics.Pros:-my skin has not reacted negatively to this product-first ingredient is water, making this a good starter moisturizer for beginners-does not sting or bother my eyes much if I accidentally get some in-affordableCons:-does not get rid of dark circles. There is white shimmer in this gel, which will reflect light making it seem like your dark circles are lighter.-does not get rid/fill in fine lines.-dries tacky. I've varied the amount I put on and there's still a tacky residue through out the day. Might be good for those who use makeup.Although I wouldn't buy this again, I would definitely recommend this product to those just starting out with eye creams. Also, this seems like it will last me a long time. I do use this twice a day."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I know there are some very long reviews about these. Here are my suggestions:1) watch the Youtube video and read other blogs/reviews on how to put them in. I had success my first time using and I think the extra research helped.2) I do feel pressure; it isn't true for me that you don't feel anything. I don't seem to have any extra cramping or discomfort other then feeling pressure in my lower, lower abdominal area though.3) I suggest taking these out in the shower if you can or follow the directions about using a medical glove so you have something to put it in to throw it away.I bought these mainly to use for intimacy during that time of the month and for that purpose these have worked great. I don't use these exclusively and still use tampons/pads as well. My partner has been thrilled with the results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was so hopeful about these. I wanted an alternative to tampons that was healthy and environmentally-friendly (and cheaper!) So I was excited to try them. But it wasn't at all what I was expecting. I don't want to get into vivid details. But basically, I was not warned that this would be such a MESSY ordeal. Not to mention it's not at all convenient. I do not want to leave it in for too long, because if I do, I know it's not absorbing any fluid, so I worry about leakage, or the horrible mess that it will make all over my hands when I try to take it out. GROSS! Also, the thing itself is absolutely huge. I imagine most people would look at it and be terrified to try to put it in their bodies. I believe there was a reason tampons became so much more popular than these methods. Sorry, but I've got to switch back."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I saw this and figure I would give them a try. When I finally got to use them I read the directions and scanned the square and watched the video. It took a few tries before I got it in place.( I have a injured back so there's not a whole lot I can do. ) I would stay in place for about three hours and then I would have to push it back in place. I still think it would be better if them did come in different sizes because I do feel it is to big. It might just be me cause I haven't had any kids."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm prone to yeast infections, so I try to avoid tampons, which can be irritating.  I've tried two different brands of menstrual cups, both of which were a challenge to remove!  With Softcup, they're super easy to insert and remove.  And while they're not reusable like menstrual cups, they hold just as much and, frankly, I don't want to bother having to wash one.  The fact that they're disposable make them really convenient.  Once they're in, I can't feel them at all, and they don't press on my urethra like menstrual cups do, so it's no problem to pee with them in.  I've worn these on an off for years and have never had any problems with leaking either."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "waaaaay awesome that you can use during intercourse. the boyfriend doesn't like it so much for his purposes, but other lovers haven't seemed to notice or mind. easy to clean and toss... i feel a bit guilty about the waste, but mother nature can suck it. we gotta deal with this bleeding, she can deal with my polluting. i make up for it in every other way anyway; i don't even use makeup remover wipes! no bleached cotton growing bacteria all day, no changing every 4 hours, no drippy pee string, no dirty silicone cup to boil, no feeling it at all, no fuss at all, really."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had been using the DivaCup for a while and had a lot of success with it, but when I lost it a friend  gave me a pack of the softcups she had used once and didn't like. I thought since I had liked the other brand this would be much the same way... it wasn't I don't know how many times I tried to readjust things and try different angles or higher/lower inside the vaginal walls, I couldn't stop the cup from leaking. It wasn't horrible, but it was enough to ruin a couple of pairs of panties which ensured that I wasn't saving money on this alternative item and that I won't be using the brand again. It was an utter disappointment... I'd say try another brand instead like DivaCup or Lunette, I had good experiences with both."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this cleanser since my late teens. It is one of the best OTC acne medicines available, and slightly cheaper than other drugstore cleansers like Neutrogena. When used twice a day, the Clean and Clear greatly reduces the number of pimples I get. Also, it contains menthol, so it feels pleasantly tingly on skin (but do not get it into your eyes; it burns like the flames of he11!). There are only two drawbacks to this product: 1) It will dry out your skin, so wear a lotion and 2) The active ingredient, benzoyl peroxide, is a bleaching agent, so it will bleach fabric. I recommend using old wash cloths to wash your face and be very careful not to get it on your clothes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this for about 6 months. Before I had been using Proactive. Proactive worked great for me for a while but eventually stopped clearing up my skin so I switched to Clean and Clear Continuous Control. My skin cleared right up and stays clear other than whiteheads. The only problem is that it's a little harsh on my skin. Usually irritates it if I leave it on but for a second. It also dries out my skin a lot. So I use it every other day. I get a couple pimples by using it every other day but it is still better than Proactive and AcneFree."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "it is way to strong for my face, i had use a dime size all over my wet face and then rinse,after i look in the mirror my face was red all over.it went straight in the garbage,but what i do like is clean and clear blackhead eraser scrub,it smell really good and leaves my face super soft,so i will continue to use clean and clear blackhead eraser scrub,as for the clean and clear continuous control acne cleanser never again will i put that crap on my face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I will admit -- I do feel this product was helping reduce my acne. However, I developed a really nasty yeast infection about two weeks in (sorry to be gross but want to give an honest review) and I also noticed a weird stinging sensation in my lower abdomen. I did some online searching and noticed some people say they develop gastro issues with this product. I didn't add anything else new to my routine and haven't had a yeast infection in years. May be totally un-related but once I stopped the product, my stomach issues stopped. I think this is a good product, but for me, the side effects were not worth it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's whatever.Been using the whole month but see no difference, maybe it's just me?Anyways, it shouldn't take more than 2 weeks to clear up your acne and maybe 2 months to completely rid of the scars. The pills didn't do much as far as I can see, but the cream helped a bit. But you have to mix it with moisturizer or you get SO DRY!And don't even think about putting make-up on over it because you'll get cakey as as a burnt biscuit.idk, guess some ppl had success? It's cheap so you have a 50-50 chance of it working, it may be worth a shot. but didn't work for me =/"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I tried this product for 2 months and i have to say it didnt do anything for my acne. I am the type that breaks out when my period is about to start and using this pill didn't change a thing. I broke out just as i normally would and this last month even while using the pill was nearly the worst i've had. I'm sure must just be a coincidence. I am not saying this is not a good product as we have to keep in mind one thing can't and won't work for everyone as we all have different skin types. This just isn't for me and i have discontinued using this product and cannot really recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've only recently started incorporating toner into my facial cleansing program, but this is my favorite that I've tried so far. This toner leaves my face feeling very clean, yet soft (not tight or itchy), plus it has the benefits of an Alpha and Beta hydroxy. It really does help keep my pores cleaner, and therefore smaller over time. I find it to be perfect for my combination/oily skin, but for those with dry or sensitive skin the alcohol might be irritating or overly drying."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I washed my face with this once yesterday, and once the day before and yesterday in the evening, a good portion of the right side of my face and a few under my chin broke out in ugly hives! It itches horribly and it really hurts. To make matters worse, I had to go to work looking like this. I didn't want to put on makeup that would irritate my skin so I was forced to leave the house looking like a pepperoni pizza. :(And also, when I was washing my face with this, I noticed that the scrubbing beads in this were SCRATCHING my face. Not a comfortable exfoliation, but like sandpaper. And this cleanser has a very noticeable chemical smell to it. I wish that I had never wasted my money on this product, and I wish that I had never put this on my face!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this toner every night after I wash my face.  I've been using it for several months now and I see such a difference in my skin.  My pores look smaller and my skin even looks a little less red!  My skin is clearer and just looks brighter. My skin is more on the dry side and I don't find this toner drying at all.  I always moisturize after the toner had completely soaked into my skin and it's worked well for me.  My skin is also on the sensitive side and this hasn't irritated my skin at all.  As soon as I run out, I will purchase this product again, because I love it so much!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this after reading reviews on multiple sites and seeing this toner ranked as one of the best when it comes to drug store brands.I've been using this every night for three weeks (I've skipped it by accident roughly 4 times) and my skin is noticeably clearer. Within a few days I noticed some of my trouble areas looked better and while the clearing process has been slow its noticeable and the progress steady. I also haven't seen a \"new\" blemish since adding this to my regimen.It hasn't done much for blackheads so a few days ago I purchased an exfoliant to address that issue around my nose.Overall I am very happy and will likely repurchase this when it runs out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this approximately every other day due to the drying it causes but after a week or so, my pores were visibly reduced, not gone just not as noticeable. Just a splash on a cotton square and I go in upwards motions after my morning face wash and before I moisturize. I will continue to use but will not use everyday as my skin is prone to dryness. It worked in all areas of my face, my nose and forehead were most noticeable to me and now they are much smaller. Recommend to anyone looking for an easy way to reduce size of large pores."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My skin is pretty oily and the pores are larger than I'd like. After using this cleanser for 3 months or so, I do notice a difference.Texture was what I picked up on the first time I used it. It is pretty thick, and the beads are definitely micro. It didn't feel real grainy, which I liked. A little goes a long way, and since this tube is so big it should last a while. I haven't even used a quarter of mine yet.I use this along with Origins Zero Oil Moisturizer and Origins Clear Improvements Charcoal Mask. I found them to be pretty effective at making my pores look smaller, cleaner and less overall oil production. It has a really good price point. Many a department store cleansers can cost 3-4X as much.It does work over time, so don't expect to see much difference in the beginning. I will buy it again and continue my routine. I've seen good improvement in the last few months."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have oily, acne-prone skin that is also sensitive and prone to redness when trying new products. Since Neutrogena's whole advertising campaign from pretty much day one has been all about how gentle their products are, I decided to try this stuff. Well... my face didn't like it. I used it nightly for 3 days, and on day 4 noticed red, dry patches on my face. By day 5 the patches began to flake, and I stopped using it.Since I didn't use this toner long enough to see whether it made a difference in my pore size, I can't speak as to its effectiveness. But if you're like me and have tried many acne products on your face, and have developed sensitive skin as a result, this is not the product for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried other astringents, and this one is the perfect balance of effective cleansing without overdrying.  Those who use this product alone probably do not get great results, but this is designed to be part of a skincare regimen, including moisturizing.  I use a mild face wash, then I use this astringent to help remove any makeup that did not get removed by the face wash (makeup remover gives me breakouts).  After that, I use Neutrogena Anti-Wrinkle Anti-Blemish lotion.  It's a very simple regimen, but extremely effective.  I've tried other astringents in the same regimen, but they dried out my skin and had noticeably higher alcohol content, likely the cause of the over-drying."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am 21 and have had combo skin for years and years, dry in the morning, oily throughout the day! i love this product though! i use it on my face every morning when my skin is a bit flakey, and it makes my skin so soft! my moisturizer goes on smoothly finally! a bottle lasts a long time, i very rarely break out, and i have noticed a significant difference in the amount of oil on my face at the end of the day! i still have some but much less! my only complaint is that it does nothing for blackheads, i still have those..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is an excellent astringent, I had my doubts with products touting  \"oil eliminating\", \"oil free\" as they never seemed to work. This product does exactly what it's supposed to. The smell is similar to theNeutrogena Clear Pore Scruband it does not burn like some astringents do. I follow this with theNeutrogena Visibly Even Daily Moisturizer, SPF 30in the morning. I consider this product my \"holy grail\" in my skin care regimen. I kills the bacteria without killing my skin cells. It's an excellent product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very sensitive skin so I have to be careful about what products I use when I have breakouts on my body (notably my shoulders and back).  My dermatologists recommended that I try the Neutrogrena Body Clear Body Wash, Pink Grapefruit for when I broke out.  She was adamant that I did not use it on a daily basis because my sensitive skin and she is right! This body wash is great for when you breakout during the summer months- the salicylic acid treats your pimples.  It does so quickly and without much irritation to my sensitive skin.  However, I thought because it was rather gentle when I did breakout that I could use it on a daily basis- WRONG.  After using it for about 5 days in a row, my skin was extremely irritated and very dry.  I would recommend that sensitive skin people only use this product when they breakout or KNOW they are going to breakout, otherwise it will dry out your skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've found this shampoo in Mom's grocery stores, but they are almost always cheaper online.  It has a gentler formula than let's say selsun blue.  It also has a &#34;fresh&#34; smell.  It does not smell like tea or mint.  However, it is a little on the &#34;runny&#34; side for shampoo and may leave a little &#34;dustiness&#34; to your hair.  I'm not sure if it just makes my hair attract dust, if it's shampoo residue.  It's not noticeable unless you examine your hair under a microscope - which i do."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I typically use Burt's Bees shampoo and love what it does for my hair, but not for my scalp (dry and itchy). I purchased this shampoo to use on occasion to prevent the itchy scalp it seems to cause. Plus, I love the refreshing tingle of tea tree shampoos.Let me just say, I honestly felt like I was being dipped for fleas the first time I used this product. It has a horrible chemical odor...EXACTLY like pesticide. I tried a few more times to stomach it, but just can't do it. Plus, you would think it would at least tingle a bit, with it smelling like Raid and all, but nope; NADA.Also, if you are looking for a shampoo that is organic with no SLS...READ THE LABEL! This product is not what it is marketed to be."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My husband and I both use this shampoo - he for light dandruff control, and me just because I like the way it cleans my fine hair.  It is paraben-free, and does not contain sodium lauryl/laureth sulfates.  The scent is not as refreshing as the scent of Jason Natural Cosmetics - Satin Shower Body Wash/Tea Tree Oil 30 fl oz Gel, which is a fabulous body wash, but it is not a bad scent.  You do need to watch that it doesn't get in your eyes, since tea tree oil can sting a bit."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this for my boyfriend, he loves it. I ended up taking a shine to it as well so now we use it all the time. Tea Tree oil is great for oily skin and this particular wash smells great. We use it as a face wash and have had less break outs since we started using it. Best thing about Jason products is that they are organic, all natural, not tested on animals and contain no animal ingredients. Perfect for vegans or those who just care about what they use on their skin and bodies."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "In the past I've purchased a ton of LUSH beauty products because they make them with lots of essential oils. What I've realized is that I can make some scented liquid soaps myself by using essential oils and this Jason's Body Wash. Simply put a combination of oils in a small plastic bottle and add in some body wash. Shake and use. Some of my favorite combinations are sweet orange, neroli and rose. I've also tried Ylang Ylang, Patchouli, Lotus and Sandalwood. I'm looking forward to trying out new combinations as I have a big collection of essential oils. I also like Balsam Fir Needle which is refreshing. I find the body wash works well with a body brush.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Smell is so subjective it seems that it may not be a valid review point. One person may love the smell of something and another person hate it. That being said, I like the smell of the citrus body wash. It has a faint scent of oranges and is sweet. It doesn't dry out my skin as much as other soaps do. It makes mounds of lather, so a little goes a long way. The ingredients listed on the product page are incorrect; it does not contain lauryl or laureth sulfates."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I worked in cosmetic ingredient sales for several years meaning I sold the ingredients directly to large manufacturers and worked with the scientists.I learned much and try to share it.It's rare to find so many natural and beneficial ingrdients in a soap or face wash. This is a cleanser for oily skin according to the bottle front but it actually is surprisingly mild and non-drying. But the big bonus for me is the tea tree. This is a natural antiseptic and blemish cure yet having to dilute a bottle of it and then apply that mixture to skin isn't all that convenient. This does it for you so you not only have cleaner hands, but better skin on your face as well.How can it clean the skin with an antiseptic without drying it? It also contains olive oil, another great skin helper. So between the two you are cleaning, removing bacteria, as well as moisturizing.I have very sensitive skin and have had great results with this cleanser."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I started using it only a few weeks ago. I have combination skin. I recommend using a moisturizer with it because I noticed my skin started peeling. Although, my skin looks clearer, some of my old freckles seem to be fading, and I just really notice a difference in my skin. I also feel it helps my vitamin C moisturizer absorb better. I used to use Retin-A and Retin-A micro, but I feel this stuff works just as well, plus it has other ingredients that help improve your skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The first time I used Avalon's Vitamin C eye cream, my eyes began to sting so badly that I was uncomfortable for 24 hours.  I thought that maybe I had used too much, so I tried again several days later with only a tiny amount, being careful to keep it away from my lashes.  My eyes still became uncomfortable. This is the exact opposite of what an eye cream should do.  The whole point of eye cream is to be thick enough not to melt and get into your eyes and, if it does, it should not sting. That's why eye cream is different than face cream. This one fails. I won't be using it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used this product for years. I have a dermatological condition called keratosis pilaris which consists of small raised bumps that appear on one side of my forehead and on my arms. This rich cream is actually more effective in minimizing these bumps than the prescription lotion that I have used. I was extremely distressed to read that this company has been purchased by health food giant Hains and that other product formulas have been changed and are no longer effective for whatever they were supposed to do. When I purchased this bottle there was only one left and it is not a new product nor is it manufactured by Hains so I guess I was lucky. If this information is correct then I assume Amazon will be restocking another facial cream that is ineffective. Apart from my particular condition, this cream is a wonderful eye cream. It softens and smooths this area just as you should expect. Can't really recommend it if the formula is being manufactured by another company."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "- Tommy Hilfiger name brand. Some reviewers seem to think certain colognes have been not authentic, but anytime I buy from Amazon directly, shipped from and sold by Amazon, I have always gotten a retail packaged item.- Smells great, fresh, clean, and not overpowering.- Price is a little high for what I like to spend, but this is a good size supply that should last long enough to justify the price.- Overall I'm pleased with the product. Will I buy it again? Maybe. I like to try different colognes and also look at which happen to have  a lower price at the time I need to order, but if the price is right I'll likely try this cologne at least once more.- Amazon delivered quickly w Prime."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have a condition which makes my arms itch intensly and nothing, I mean nothing has worked. Finally, I have found something that helps! This lotion really does the trick as it has Calamine (3%) and Pramoxine HCl (1%) in it which seems to be the key.  The calamine lotion does make the application appear a bit pink but rubbing it in well disguises this and helps the lotion work even better.  I would recommend this for all itching, but if you have itching that nothing has helped, give this a try. It's not greasy and works like a charm."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this mascara for years and it never disappoints. Adds lots of length and volume to my lashes. The first couple applications from a brand new tube are pretty thin and light, but it will thicken and give you the desired results thereafter. I used to go through these tubes so quickly because they would dry out pretty fast... until a trick I learned: if your tube starts drying out, extend its life by adding 2 drops of contact solution/eye drops to the tube. It will instantly rehydrate it for continued use. I've been using the same tube for 10 months now by doing this! :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to love Revlon's full n' soft mascara, so I decided to try this one.  Its just not the same.  If I'm not extreme careful my eyelashes become clumped.  My eyelashes are soft, but only because I used one coat.  If I put a coat this one and then use a different brush, my lashes look great, but I didn't want to have to use two brushes. Just not for me.  The good part is it washes off easily."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Why haven't I been singing the praises of this little beauty of a mascara?!  I get courted away by $30+ mascaras that flake or never wash off!  Even the drugstore brands lured me away with their fancy brushes and promises of butterfly lashes.  No more!  This stuff doesn't flake, is inky and black, but can be removed w gentle soap and water.  My lashes actually feel conditioned after using this for a few days.  Do yourself a favor and buy this!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This has to be one of the best mascaras I have ever tried (and I've tried many!).  My lashes are both thin and short, and I've found that this mascara adds plenty of fullness AND a bit of length, too.  Plus, there are absolutely NO CLUMPS when I use this mascara; the unique brush deposits just the right amount of product on my lashes, unlike other products that claim to be \"clump-free.\"  I've tried both the regular and the waterproof versions of this mascara; I prefer the latter, as it stays on great yet washes off easily.  The only thing that I think could make this product better would be a curling brush to give the lashes a bit more lift.  Although Full 'N Soft isn't a dramatic mascara, it is perfect for everyday wear, and I would recommend highly to anyone."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "i love this mascara, the brush and consistency work perfectly together to give a feathery fan of darkened lashes without looking like you obviously have mascara on, which when working in a professional setting is really important.  what i love most is i have to be a huge lash comb fiend with most mascaras to avoid the awful spikes look or worse, clumps. this mascara does neither, i don't have to comb at all and i'm always in a rush so saving a another tool and step is great.  probably not intense enough for night looks, but for day to day this is perfect."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This cream feels great and feels like it absorbs well. Unfortunately, it also seems to be slightly pore clogging since it causes small white heads.I also the had the tinted version of this cream and was not satisfied with it at all. It was too thick and did not spread well. The &#34;tint&#34; was more heavily colored than some of the foundations I have used in the past AND it just seemed to sit on top of the skin. As a result, the color would rub off in spot and look blotchy. In other words, it was terrible. This one is MUCH better, but it still doesn't cut it, really.If you want an AMAZING cream, see my review of the L'Oreal Ideal Moisture Even Tone cream. I really love it. http://www.amazon.com/review/R1P4OWBH1VSBUF/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00AYWN8OY"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Olay Total Effect's facial lotion is an excellent everyday lotion.  It goes on smoothly and a little goes a long way.  It has no fragrance and absorbs quickly.  The one issue I have is that it leaves me looking a bit shiny.The bottle that it comes in is small and travels well.  It's easy to pump out the exact amount that you need.I have combination sensitive skin and I've not noticed and issues or breakouts.  I've been using it for about a month now with good results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Can't stand perfume and its in everything. ( Perfumed toilet paper is just strange!) This is great for me,doesn't take forever to be absorbed. I have it on auto ship. Sent to me every other month cause I have my husband use it too. He's had a lot of skin cancer on his face and this spf 15 is just enough for regular daily use. I use this in the morning and a heavier one at night. The dermatologist says my 65 year old skin looks great even with her magnifying glass. Lets keep it that way!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've only had this cream for about a week now but so far so good. It is so smooth and creamy and really makes makeup go on smoothly. The one thing I don't like is if you use too much and don't rub it in really well right away it will flake off like peeling skin later in the day. I can't say much about its effects on lines or age spots yet but hopefully it helps!UPDATE: This lotion isn't really living up to my expectations. I'm not convinced it actually changes anything about your skin, it just slightly masks flaws. Once I run out I'm going back to my AveenoAveeno Positively Radiant Daily Moisturizer SPF 15 - 4 oz."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I hate it when my moisturizer slithers of my face like an oil slick, or is so thick you almost have to add water to spread it onto your face. Just one pump of this covers my face, neck and d&eacute;collet&eacute;. Makeup application is smooth, and seems to stay put longer than usual when I use this. I haven't noticed any major changes in the appearance of my fine lines, etcBut I do like he way my skin feels when I use this.  I'd order it again for sure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have only used this for the last couple of weeks.  I break out very easily, and was worried this would break me out, but it hasn't!! Yay!!I use this once a day in the morning under my makeup.  I love the sunscreen smell.  It is very light and feels good on my skin.  I am mainly using it to prevent wrinkles. I don't have any yet, so I can't comment on this making them less noticeable.  I think my skin looks only better, though.  I have had a male co-worker say I look \"fresh\" just out of the blue.  It makes my skin look real healthy and dewy.  No acne and just really nice looking skin.  So I am very happy."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Don't laugh. My wife has been using this for years and I tried it on my face for my drying skin.  Later I used it on my hair as a conditioner at night and the hair is not dry after shampooing and drying the next morning. Amazing. At Amazon prices you can do this. If I were buying from retailers the cost would be a little too high to do this although I still might since it makes hair shinny and easy to control without being greasy.  I know I sound like a girl. So be it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First of all let me say that I have dry skin so I need something that is really going to help me with that and this just didn't do that for me. It didn't break me out or cause irritation but it didn't help with my problem areas either! I have large pores around my nose, chin and forhead, This didn't help tighten those. I have dry cheeks and oily in T-Zone and it didn't help with the dryness AT ALL. If you have perfect skin and you just need a face cream then this is for you. But as an Anti-Ager and all the other stuff it's supposed to do not so much. It didn't brighten my complexion or help even out my skin. So I went back to my Boots No 7 Regimen (See My Review) and I couldn't be happier."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried many different moisturizers.  I've been looking for something that helps with the fine lines, but doesn't make my face greasy or clog my pores.  I love this moisturizer!  It feels like velvet, absorbs quickly, and doesn't cause my face to break out.  The description says it's unscented, but it does have a very, very light fragrance.  It's not perfumey, just fresh and clean.  I'm on my second bottle and I can absolutely see a difference in the texture of my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's hard to know how to review this. I've been using it for a few months and while i haven't noticed any radical changes in my skin (my fine lines are still there), it is still my favorite moisturizer. I decided on this product based on the review at beautypedia.com, it seems to be a reliable product. It goes on very smoothly and dries quickly, you don't need to use too much. It does smell slightly like sunscreen lotion, but I don't mind. I like the pump design, and if you have read up on moisturizers you might have heard that you shouldn't use any product in a jar because it is constantly being exposed to air and bacteria. The packaging, spf, and anti aging aspects are unbeatable at this price (mine was $14 on Amazon at the time)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Everything has a smell. When Aveeno says that it is fragrance free that means they did not add any external fragrances to the product which can be irritating to some people. This product smells like cooked plain oats when initially applied, but that will go away after it absorbs.Now that that's out of the way, the reason I rated this product 3 stars is because Aveeno seems to have changed its ingredients around from when I first bought this lotion. Oat Flour (Avena Sativa) use to be its FIRST(most abundant) ingredient. Now it's the 7th, and the first ingredient is water, which I think has caused this lotion to be less effective than it used to be for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "While I'm not overly enthusiastic about the scent of this unscented product that is easily remedied by the addition of any essential oil I want to add before slathering this on my skin. The main ingredient seems to be Oat Kernel Flour and that is the main reason I buy this product.The skin calming and healing qualities of oatmeal are almost immediately apparent. Within a few days of using this product you will notice a difference in your skin.This lotion absorbs easily, it is smooth, healing and a creamy comforting addition to your day. If you enjoy scented lotions, try the Aveeno Stress Relief Moisturizing Lotion. I also enjoy using the Aveeno Body Wash and Soaps.If you want to scent this product, buy some rose oiland add a few drops. Rose oil helps to balance your emotionsand that in itself will help your skin.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Love it............... it cleans skin wounderful, if u boil hot water on the stove.steam it, take a hot washcloth and let it soak for about 1 min, cool the cloth down it a lilcold water.. put the cloth on your face let it sit there for about 1 min to open your pores.take a lil bit of facial cleanser and rub it on your face, then rinse of with cold water... skin comes outlooking like milk.. wait about 2 mins then put your favorite moisturizer on your skin, head out the door.and start your day.. trus me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Honestly, I couldn't tell if this cream was working or not. Yes my stretch marks faded, but it could have been them naturally fading over time. Regardless, it didn't hurt to go ahead and use the bottle up. After a while I didn't see any difference so I just stopped using it. I've also heard rumors that cocoa/shea butter has no proven affect on stretch marks. Perhaps IF I ever get stretch marks again I would re-try this product. It has a nice, subtle smell and it is very creamy. Not too thick, not too thin. It takes about 5-10 minutes to dry but it will definitely make your skin softer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I still got stretchmarks even with religious use of this product. After asking my doctor and reading books and online articles, I'm not sure if stretchmarks is something you can avoid by rubbing in some cream. I think genetics and your body shape plays a factor, too. I mean I have friends who just used plain old olive oil and coconut oil and didn't get stretchmarks. I had friends who didn't do anything and didn't get stretchmarks. Then there are gals that tried everything and still got stretchmarks.I still give it 4 stars because it's inexpensive enough that if you want to try it, it's very affordable. Plus it smells great and has a great texture. Rubs in easily and is a nice way to relax and bond with you baby in utero while giving yourself a little R&R; time and a belly massage. And this cream is very hydrating. I sometimes apply to hands and feet as well and it works great.If you want to try, go for it. Can't hurt!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I&#8217;m a fan of a lot of Palmers&#8217; products and was looking for a good body oil so I really thought I would like this. Having used baby oil in the past, I was shocked at how quickly this was used up. The baby oil would last easily through the winter and beyond, but this barely lasted a month. The consistency was quite thin and runny, so a lot of it was lost in the process of trying to apply. Then &#8211; possibly because of thinness? -  I felt like I needed more. I have used sweet almond oil in the past and it has a similar consistency. On the bright side, it smelled good and felt good, but because of the above issues I won&#8217;t be buying again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm not sure if I got a faulty product, but the \"hot\" air was not hot. It was lukewarm at best. As such, it did nothing at all to my hair except make it extremely frizzy. No curls or waves.You might have more luck than I with this product. And because Amazon allows you to return this after you've opened it (I've already spoken to a rep and created a return tag), no harm in trying. It's just not for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's a great product. I have had two before and my last one, of three years, died finally so I went to buy a replacement but could not find one anywhere. This Hot Air curling iron is a great price and it works great for my hair, which is on the thicker side and wavy. I can do anything from baby-doll curls with this thing to soft shiny waves or use it to shine my hair and give it some shape after straightening. It's a good multipurpose tool.The shipment on this thing was crazy fast. I ordered it and the third day it came to me. I did a test just now to see if it works and it does. Nothing was wrong with the packaging or the product. When I need one again I will defiantly buy from this person/business again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've had a conair facial sauna for years (and it was still working fine when I lost/misplced it) so I had to try another Conair.Well, this is perfect, even better than the first one I got. Why? It's got that safety timer, it tells you when it's ready, it comes with two cones to choose from. Plus, it comes with this free exfoliating brush and sponge. So nice. I used it last night and now my skin's glowing beautifully, like it got a polishing. It's a nice way to pamper yourself.Great price too!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This didn't put out much steam, and wasn't very hot. Maybe it's because I'm in the mountains and water produces steam at a lower temp. up here. Anyway, I had a better facial with a pot of boiling water, and had to return this. UPDATE 2011: Want steam??? Use a \"My little steamer\" mini clothing steamer!!! CAUTION: Keep at least 12-15 inches away from your face.  I used distilled water, and this thing really puts out steam, and in less than a minute too! Remember...do not put it too close to your face!!! It generates VERY HOT STEAM!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "An item you can do without. Before i bought this i would sit covered over a bowl of hot water. The benefit to having this product is that you can turn on the steam as soon as you need it. Still takes like 5 min for it to actually start steaming. Once you have your face in the bowl mask you can feel a bit insecure because if that thing splashes water on you it will burn you. The battery operated exfoliating brush (included) is loud and cheap. I dont use any of these things as much i thought i would."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this product to alleviate symptoms from seasonal allergies. Every spring  my eyes itch and I'm constantly sneezing. Most allergy medications are too expensive and/or ineffective or cause drowiness. After researching the benefits of steam treatements for people like me I purchased the Conair Facial Sauna. I realize this product is designed for cosmetic reasons but it does the same thing the more expensive allergy/sinus steam machines do for a third of the price. I used it at night for 5 minutes and my eyes stop itching and I get restful sleep. I don't know if this product makes the skin glow as some other reviewers have claimed but it couldn't hurt. I would purchase again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this machine. Could I say anymore...I will. I like to keep my face clean, and steam is the easiest, safest and more effective way to do this. It really clears the pores and gets all the gunk out, while adding moisture to the skin, then I rinse with cool water and put on a mask and my skin is happy and clean. You can use it every day, or night and the results will be amazing.It works well for your sinuses too. I put this on my counter and lean over it, just don't wiggle it or hit it while it is on. It has been safe for me and heats up fast. I really love my machine.The brush was great, it worked well to cleanse before the steam, but it isn't waterproof and eventually broke."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this system at a \"Bed, Bath, and Beyond\" store. I used it, and I really did like the whole Facial Sauna System. However, not too long after using the system, problems did occur. The moisturizing sponge attachment wore down & eventually fell apart...And there's really no way to order a replacement. The other problem was that the actual Facial Tool eventually stopped working. I thought perhaps I needed to replace the batteries, although when I put new batteries in, it still did not work. So the only thing left that still works is the Facial Steamer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For those of you that really wants a great facial steam, this product doesn't neccessarily perform the greatest. Its good but it doesn't cover the entire face. With a facial steam, you want to be able to cover the entire face --- in this case, I would suggest going to the gym where they have a STEAM ROOM. But again, this product is not a bad buy... i just don't use it much after 1-2 uses.. because i don't think the effect is really great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this steamer for the last 9 years.  My first lasted about 8 years, but got a little crusty by the end of it.  The timer option is great so  I don't have to keep track of time.  This one includes a convenient measuring cup.  I wasn't crazy about the exfoliation tool (prefer to use a combo of Cetaphil and baking soda), but I guess it does the job.  I use the steamer about 2x a week for blackheads."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using these for several years, and I try never to be without them. My face tends to get oily in the afternoons, and a quick dab all over with one of these completely takes care of it without disturbing my makeup.  I took off one star because they aren't quite as big as I would like.  If you're oily enough that you need to use the whole sheet, you end up having to hold it by a spot that is already used and then you have your face oil on your fingers.  If the sheets were a little bigger, that wouldn't be a problem.  Overall, though, one of my favorite products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't use too much makeup, maybe concealer sometimes, but my skin is super duper oily. So even if I use a sunblock, after a few hours, my skin will be very oily. So I use this sheets to remove the oil from my face. Its very easy to use- just take a sheet from the package and press it against your skin and that's it! The sheet will turn transparent as soon as it absorbs the oil from your skin. It saves so much time since applying powder foundation to your skin after every 2-3 hours is such a hassle."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used this during the day for a couple months in conjunction with the Q10 night cream and it seemed to help soften the wrinkles I had started to notice.  Doesn't aggravate my acne prone skin and I like this lotion better than the night cream since the consistency is light and absorbs well and the smell is very minimal (plain suntan/lotion smell).  Works fine under my makeup.  Would be great if they offered it with a slightly higher spf to last just a bit longer (since I don't reapply over my makeup)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The good thing about this product is that it contains a pretty good antioxidant.  The packaging, a pump as opposed to an open jar, makes it so the product isn't exposed to oxygen, so the antioxidents don't break down and oxidize.  The product isn't too greasy either, and I have cobination to oily skin.Now my gripe with the product is that because it contains SPF 15, this will lull many consumers into thinking they are covered for sun protection.  Unfortunately, it's not broad spectrum protection.  This product doesn't contain titanium dioxide, zinc oxide, avobenzone, or one of many other ingredients that protect against UVA rays.  UVA rays cause skin cancer.  Many moisturizer with SPF do not contain broad spectrum protection, so make sure to check the labels.Bottom line: This is a good, light moisturizer for sensitive skin.  Just be sure to use a full spectrum sunscreen along with the moisturizer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For me the lotion is too greasy for my face so I use it for hand lotion.  I also purchased the 2-pack of Eucerin Q10 Cream which is really good for the back of the hands and I will certainly use it for that.  However, the Q10 Anit-Wrinkle Sensitive Skin Lotion is just too greasy for my face which is already oily.  I suppose for ladies with \"dry\" skin it would be a good thing.  But as I've said I will use it as a hand lotion"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This curling iron is pretty good, but it does not have a strong enough spring to keep hair in place when curling. I have learned to correct this by hair-spraying the strands of hair I am about to curl. Then I clamp the hair under the metal clip about an inch or two up from the end of the strand. If you try to clamp your hair at the tip--it will not hold. You have to start an inch or two up from the edge to get it to hold. But if you do that, and if you hair spray it first--this curler can make some excellent spirals. I give this item 4 stars because it was basically the cheapest ringlet curler I could find. And this product does give me the curl I want, it just takes a little bit of finesse. But if you want something stronger and easier to use, look elsewhere."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Doesn't heat up enough.  I had it on my hair for 20 seconds without it feeling hot to the touch, on the highest setting.The on/off buttons are in the way and I turned it off by mistake at least 3 times just trying to curl the front of my hair, before I gave up and used another iron.I did get a cute curl once, but it went away by the time I did the next strand.  I knew I hated Revlon curlers, but this was the biggest one I could find at the store.  Hopefully the store will take the curling iron back unwrapped."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Anything I every purchase by revlon was cheap and works great as high pricey products. Packaging was great as if it was just light books were inside and delivery was perfect timing for me.  If you haven't tried anything by revlon then I really recommend all there products and purchasing them from this seller when needed to. It's really worth every cent you worked for and heats up in seconds when your on the go. I really have to complete the whole entire set by getting the other size barrels by revlon that works wonders on any type of hair.Thanks!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Okay, so I'm a guy... but yes, once a week I scrub my face with St Ives Swiss Formula Apricot Scrub.  I have gone through this ritual for about 20 years now.  I'm not crazy about the new scent, but this brand name item is the best out there.  (I've used the generic).  I'm 45 years old while writing this review... but I look at least 10 years younger.  Is it because of St Ives or is it genetic?  I'll never know... but I'm going to continue to use this product until I die.  Keeps my face smooth (makes it easier to shave with an electric) and keeps my pores open.  That's about all I ever wanted to use this for and I believe it serves it's purpose."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This cream is just too thick for my face and I am using it on my hands.  I tried it around my eyes and on my neck and it just started falling off in gobs when I rubbed my neck.  Gross.  I will not put it on my face again and will just use it up as hand cream.  I might mention that I am a 65-year-old boomer babe with oily skin still and don't have wrinkles yet and didn't want to get them.  I would rather get wrinkles than have this thick stuff or the greasy lotion on my face.  Both are good for the hands though and people can tell your age from your wrinkled hands too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Better late than never! This cream is amazing, it's rich without being super greasy and has vitamins (A, C, E), no oils, no parabens, fragrance free it's very gentle yet effective. I love it and its now a staple for me. I don't know why Eucerin dosent advertise this face cream especally since it has vitamin C and E which is all the rage in anti-aging face products.My only gripe is that it needs to be in a tube not a jar because of the vitamins.Ingrediants: Water, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Cocoate, Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Stearyl Alcohol, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Alcohol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Glyceryl Stearate Citrate, Octyldodecanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ubiquinone, Biotin, Biosaccharide Gum-1, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Zea Mays (Corn) Oil, Beta-Carotine, Tocopherol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Carbomer, Sodium Hydroxide, Trisodium EDTA, Dehydroacetic Acid, Phenoxyethanol."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this product for almost a year now and as with all Eucerin products it is the best. There are products on the market that are selling for 5 times what this cost and this is every bit as good. I'm 70 years old and look 10 to 20 years younger. This product makes my facial skin soft and moist looking. The first few times I applied it I could feel my skin tightening particularly around the eyes. I use about a jar a month as I apply it morning and evening."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this a couple months ago from Fred Meyers as a night cream (Olay Sensitive Skin SPF30 during the day, and I try to stay out of the sun for extended periods of time), and I really like it. It doesn't irritate my skin, it doesn't have a weird consistency (it's a bit like butter in colour and consistency, but it doesn't leave a tint and it absorbs in the skin as you massage it in), and it doesn't give me acne. My mother thought it a little weird that I'm using it because I'm only 20, but I believe that it's important to start taking care of skin and body at a young age with a proper beauty/wellness regime, clean diet, and regular exercise. I would recommend trying this for a month or two to people with sensitive skin like myself because overall, it's a great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Just the scent and lotion I've been looking for. Ecco Bella Vanilla is amazingly creamy and luxurious. It's gourmet lotion! I absolutely love the feel of it on my skin. It's not greasy yet it delivers fabulous moisture to dry skin. The vanilla smells heavenly. It's subtle and natural but you won't be able to stop smelling your own arms because the scent is SO intoxicating. It DOES NOT leave you smelling like a cupcake. It's a sexy vanilla scent. I will purchase more before this runs completely out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I suffer from dry hands... My own fault - I hate to wear rubber gloves when I do things. This lotion is a saver. It has NO water whatsoever and all the good stuff. So, a good sugar scrub and an application of this later, my hands look like I've never done any housework in my life. Highly recommended. I know it's a body lotion, but the rest of me is not dry enough to waste this on... It is rich, so if your legs are dry from shaving, it will probably save them too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like this mask a lot. I wanted something a little less drying than my purifying mint mask and since this has avocado in it I thought it would be a nice alternative. It's very nice and applies easily and my skin feels softer after I use it without feeling like it's stripped me of all moisture. Don't get me wrong, it's not the same effect as using a moisturizer or anything - you're still going to lose some moisture - but it's not nearly as drying as some masks I've used before."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I saw this clay mask at CVS and it had a rebate thing stating \"Try For Free\".  I gave it a try because I love free products.  This thing is actually good.  I have watched Youtube and saw reviews here that say this thing is wonderful.  I might have to agree with everyone.  It applies like a regular mask and after a few minutes, it dries up and you wash it off and voila, you'll feel great afterwards.  I took off one star because this mask does have a strong smell that even for a non-sensitive person like me, I would like for the manufacturer to chill with the scent.  It's a strong smell of baby powder with a tinge of hair perm??  Some of you guys might disagree but personally, that's what comes to mind when I apply it  on my face.  Overall it's not bad of a product because I do feel my face being cleaner after use."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have struggled with acne, blackheads, and scars since age 11. I have tried lots of products and seen dermatologists with little help. Now, about to turn 30 and still dealing with these issues, I tried this product after all of the reviews. I cannot tell you how amazing this is. It's so affordable, too. Admittedly, I use it 1 to 2 times a day for my best results. My pores are much clearer and squeezing the blackheads on the nose, which my esthetician used to do, (the only place I would squeeze d/t scarring), has become much easier and I have to do it less frequently with regular use. For the price, I would recommend everyone try it until the product is gone and see how it goes for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty sensitive skin and have tried a number of different masks through out the years and they almost always either make my face itchy, or cause me to break out after using them (in those horrible, big and painful zits!)...this one doesn't! It seems like it both dries out the extra oil in my skin, and moisturizes at the same time. After washing it off my skin is always a lot softer. If my skin is a little dried out I tend to get those little bumps on the outer edges of my cheeks, but they always clear up when I use this. It has a good consistency and is easy to apply, though if you wash it off with a wash cloth it looks sort of nasty, but no big deal. It does have a little bit of a scent to it, but it's not a fake perfumey type of scent, it's a more natural one. And one of my favorite things about this mask, it's cheap! Definitely recommend!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First off, if you have an Ulta near by, you can find this product there for four dollars in the same size. I used to use the Biore oil control clay mask which is an excellent product but they're no longer selling it anywhere. I was going to buy another expensive mask to replace the Biore but decided to try the Freeman brand since it was so inexpensive. It's not as good as the higher priced masks of course but it works well enough for me to purchase again. It leaves my face feeling soft and tightens up my pores. The results don't last very long for me; I have a very oily face due to hormone imbalances and it's very hard to control this for more than one day. I use this mask every three days and use an oil-control cream cleanser the rest of the time. My favorite thing about the Freeman mask is that it doesn't cost much. If it were more than ten dollars, I would never buy it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Even though I am pushing 50, and my skin is pretty dry, I still keep this clay masque on hand. Why? Because I have large pores that are getting (ack!) even bigger as I age. With one use, I can see my pores visibly reduced. With two I'm almost back to \"Pores? What pores?\" This stuff is super cheap, you get a lot for your money and it works.General 411: I usually put this all over my face (except eyes and mouth, of course),leave it on 20-ish minutes to let it dry. Rinse with a wash cloth then follow with a good moisturizer on my drier bits. The next day I exfoliate really well to get rid of any dry skin flakes. After this 1-2 procedure, I look like I've had a professional facial!Unfortunately, there's no way to \"cure\" large pores, but this masque certainly helps keep them in check."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "this one happens to be my least favorite. it has an extremely pungent alcohol smell to the point that it will have your eyes watering. applying it to the skin is like applying very, very thick honey. on the plus side, it is EXTREMELY cooling and invigorating as it is drying. i also enjoy peeling it off and find that the majority of it does come off in one piece, but some glue-like remnants sometimes get stuck to my eyebrows and that is not fun to scrape off. i most likely will not be buying this product again. i recommend sticking to the clay masks that freeman has to offer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If you are looking for a peeling mask this one is pretty good.  It dries fast and you can get a good peel with it - all in one sheet. It seems to help to control my sons acne a little.I made the mistake of after the mask, using a blackhead tool and clearing out anything that came to the surface --- well everything came out easily but he was left with a face full of red marks and scabs for like a week, so I felt terrible. It draws everything to the surface and leaves the skin extra soft and sensitive and more easy to tear and damage.So I'd recommend just using the mask - and not picking after! I've used it several times without picking and it's been fine."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "One of my favorite peel-off masks. A treat for my face. Exfoliates/peels and leaves my skin feeling super clean and soft. It's gentle on skin but cleans effectively.  The cucumber mask feels great in the hot summer months for deep cleaning and leaves my face feeling refreshed and renewed.  Dries fairly quickly and peels easily.  I use a cucumber toner after peeling off and my skin feels calmed and soothed. I have better results with moisturizing when I use this peel a couple times per week."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I just brought this product yesterday at Walgreens for $4.29 and I love it. It smells great, it's a little sticky but it works. When I opened the top I wasn't expecting a clear gel like substance, I was a little hesitant at first but I followed the directions. It will dry fast so smooth it over your face fast and wait about 20 minutes and peel it off and then wash your face. 5-10 minutes is not long enough in my opinion and make sure to not put it on your eyebrows or sideburns because when your peeling it off it will be very hard to get it off your hair. If you do run into this problem do not panic just simply wash it off your face with warm water. Your face will be left feeling smooth and smelling great. The bumps on my face are smaller but not as noticeable but I will continue to use this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This really is a good hair dryer, it gets very hot which I love and dries the hair quickly.  I have long hair and it didn't take me long at all to dry it.  The dryer itself is pretty heavy but that was not a problem for me, to others it may be though.  The reason I gave this product a 3 is because I bought it on Sept 4 2010 and finally just had to replace it about 2 months ago because it started to make the most god awful noise when I would use it, I can only describe the noise as slowly murdering a cat behind the engine of a plane.  I do like conair products and it was definitely a good dryer and lasted me for quite a while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I thought this was a more powerful dryer...my bad. I'm going to keep it since I like the color (LOL) and it dries well  with a high and low setting and 2 speeds, and has concentrator and attachment for curls. Both attachments are very tough to take off...I'm so afraid I'll break one of them....they need a better system to get them on and off. The dryer is only 1275 watts, not exactly powerful. And, very important, the buttons for high/low/off/ and heat settings are very small, and placed badly. I keep accidentally turning off the blower!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This dryer doesn't blow hard or hot enough to straighten the waves out of my hair without a lot of extra styling, which is time-consuming. I have pretty fine, thin hair, so I think this dryer should only be good for people with very straight hair that only want to dry it, not style it. I tried using a styling brush, but the style didn't hold due to the air from the dryer being too cool. I had to use a curling iron. It does leave my hair soft and fluffy, but I wouldn't buy another one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "With below the shoulder hair, I found this to dry it quickly and without burning.  I have fine, thick hair so usually it takes 10 minutes or more to dry ... and other dryers run so hot that they burn if focused in one spot for more than a moment (to set a wave, for instance).  This gets just hot enough to be safe and pleasant to use.The finger-attachment might be useful if someone else is styling your hair, but my arms (I'm 5'9\") aren't long enough to make its use practicable.Two speeds, two heat settings (plus cold-shot button) actually give a very usable range for drying efficiently.  Took me less time than with my previous dryer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This blow dryer is a little on the heavy side, and the sound isn't exactly quiet either. BUT, like most people said, I do feel a difference in the way my hair looks and feels when I use this one compared to other regular dryers. My hair tends to be dry to begin with, so maybe that's why i notice the change. But if you already have smooth hair, I wouldn't know how the product performs. Another plus is that it dries my hair quickly...takes about 1/2 the time I usually need."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "In terms of how well this gets the job done, I would say this product is 3 stars.  It doesn't get as hot as my pricier Conair (both are the same watts), and it is much heavier.However, I guess it is not really that reasonable to expect a hairdryer this cheap to perform as well as a hairdryer that is 10-20 dollars more.  You can definitely use it to style your hair, but it might take longer.  Considering the price, I would say this item is a 4/5.I mainly bought it to use it at the gym/for travel.  It is a good spare dryer but I wouldn't recommend using it as your main dryer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this product for about 2 months now. I try to use it 7 days a week, once in the morning and evening but that doesn't always happen. I'm using it to fade acne scars on lighter skinned african-american skin (similar shade to beyonce). I've noticed a huge improvement on the acne scars that I have had for years.the one con is that this product stinks. :( but you are only using this product for a couple of minutes a day so you can suck it up and deal with it.you don't have to use a whole lot of this product at all. a little bit goes a long way so you could have it for several months. i would say that theres at least 95% of the product left after having it for 2 months."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't have any particular scars but I wanted my skin tone to even out so I didn't have to bother with makeup. This stuff doesn't smell great nor is the texture wonderful but I do like the way my skin looks. I usually wear it at night and in the morning I use a Vita C lotion (which smells and feels great) and a simple face lotion with sunscreen. This doesn't make me break out and isn't drying. I am a lucky adult with acne so some lotions are trouble. I also have the skin tone evening face mask by palmers, which I notice more impact from than the face cream. My skin always looks fantastic after I use it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love Alba products for being natural and wonderful!  I also love the micro nutrients in the sea minerals.  This moisturizer is great for my dry skin, it tones and leaves my skin feeling great and nice and soft.  It takes a little bit of time to sink in, but it does sink in eventually, and the moisturizing properties last and last.  I love this stuff.I've tried the Olay total effects, and I hated it.  It was heavily perfumed, greasy, and never seemed to sink in.  Alba's is light and MUCH nicer without being greasy, it is much better.  Alba's products are always nice, cruelty free, and natural as well, a MUST HAVE for me.  Great product!  Also you can apply make up cleanly over it once its absorbed after a few minutes.  Really great.  ^^"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've already have this product and ordered it in January. I decided to come online and write about how well its working and I plan to order more soon! I am a dark skinned african american women and have had discoloration on my face for years until I began to use this product. I only use this product, suncreen, along with carbolic soap and have seen a DRASTIC improvement. I was scared this would burn my skin or make me itch because I suffer from eczema and tend to have sensitive skin but no problems whatsoever! :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I couldn't wait to get this eye pillow. I read the reviews and was hoping that the scent wasn't too overpowering. Well it came last night, I opened the box expecting a beautiful scent of lavender and I can BARELY smell the scent. I don't know if I just received one that was older or what, but when I used it last night the lavender was so faint that even holding it up to my nose didn't work. I love the fabric and it's very well made, just doesn't smell...is there something you can do?"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "ok so first of all it has a VERY Strong odor. its not going to fade so don't worry about that.  when I first got it the smell was actually a little overwhelming but it has calmed down a little over the months.  this is a great product to relax with, this is not a good product to try to sleep with as it slides all over the place.  I am sure some people who sleep on their backs would love this but I sleep on my side so I am constantly doing a balancing act with it until I fall asleep.  For headaches or just general relaxation when you are laying on your back I highly advise!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using the Neutrogena Ageless Intensives Tone Correcting Tinted Moisture, Sheer Tint, SPF 30, which is currently out of stock on AMAZON.  I decided to try the Healthy Defense product instead.I am 57 years old and although I like this product I do prefer the Ageless Intensives because I feel like it hydrates my skin better than the Healthy Defense.  This product goes on a little thicker and doesn't feel as light on my skin.I have found that if I am working outside for several hours, I still need a sunscreen product under this one.  It does not seem to be as effective in blocking the sun as I would expect for an SPF 30.All in all, this is an acceptable sub until the Ageless product becomes available.  If you have younger skin or do not spend hours outside this may be the perfect product for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My lashes are long, thick but unfortunately straight  I only use the mascara to highlight them and keep them curled after using the curler on them.I have been using Estee Lauder&iexcl;s product for but a friend insisted this is just as good. Estee&iexcl;s mascara is $20+ for a new tube. I figured I have only $5 to lose if this works just as well.I&iexcl;m impressed. I really like this product. I now own both the regular and waterproof. No clumping or flaking.Cannot believe I&iexcl;ve been paying for Estee Lauder all these years when this works just as well for me. The only negative is I really dislike the tiny, hard brush and prefer Estee&iexcl;s brush but for this price I can definitely get past that."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product gives you good coverage without looking heavy or leaving a line of demarcation at your neckline. It doesn't have a chalky or powdery look, and has an added bonus of sunscreen. I usually prefer a cream matte foundation, but this Maybelline Purestay Powder & Foundation gives me excellent results as well. If you find that you need a little extra coverage for whatever reason, this powder also goes on looking natural on top of other cosmetics -- just use a light touch in applying.This makeup has excellent staying power, and that's what really counts. Who has time to keep checking in a mirror and retouching your face all day long? I never once felt the need to do my face again during the day!This is a good value at a fair price. Recommended!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to use liquid foundation when I was younger and my pores were much smaller.  Now that I am in my 40's I find that liquid foundation doesn't apply well and leaves my face looking flaky.  This product is perfect to use in place of liquid, applies evenly and covers blemishes well.  It can be applied throughout the day to reduce shininess and doesn't cake or build up.  This is the only product I use unless I am going for a more dramatic look, in which case I use a silicone primer and liquid but, even then I apply this on top of the liquid with a brush to reduce shine"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best foundation I have ever used.  It is easy to apply, completely covers and evens the skin tone, and stays on all day without clumping up.  Like the other reviewers, I appreciate that it dries matte.  I tried it because I have lupus and live at a high altitude, so I need extra UV protection.  So far so good.  The ability to lighten and darken the tone is great, although I do wish there were a way to add cooler/pink tones, since it is a tad yellowish.  That being said, I get lots of compliments about my skin when I wear this and, hey, I feel pretty!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have trouble with sunscreen causing breakouts and this almost never causes blemishes.  I also have come to hate the smell of typical sunscreen and this doesn't have that smell.  I have light to medium tone Caucasian skin with some yellow undertones and this is so thick it can double as foundation makeup.  It says it dries clear, but it's a little chalky and would probably really look bad if you have dark or ethnic skin.  I have read that the tinted kind doesn't blend well with Asian skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I started using this product about 4-5 months ago and I must say, I love this scrub! Its better than most scrubs I've used. Its gentle on skin, beads are very fine and it doesnt irritate my skin, smells heavenly and best of all, it doesn't make my skin break out nor makes it more oily. I've always had acne and had mild to moderate amount of acne scars on my face as well, with daily use for several months, I've started to notice that the scars are fading away, not completely gone but much less visible than before. Will definitely repurchase this! Also, price is great and a lasts a good while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used the Olay Regenerist cleanser, St. Ives scrub, Neutrogena, Estee Lauder, Ahava - need I go on? But I really like this Aveeno scrub (though \"scrub\" is a bit of an overstatement considering how small the beads are). I like the citrusy smell and the way it cleans gently. I wish it were a little more scrubby but I can't seem to find something that's about half way between this and the super-rough St. Ives so I'll stick with this until I do."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This stuff isn't very moisturizing at all. It has SPF 30 which automatically makes it thicker, plus the tint, this is just as moisterizing as foundation. I don't use foundation so I like that this is a very light foundation substitute, and that's what I would call it, not a moisterizer. I mix mine with grapeseed or emu oil so that it goes on slick and not cakey. When combined with my facial oil, I love the stuff..... But by itself? No good.Also I have moderate acne which I try VERY hard to keep under control, and this product does NOT make me break out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love these. Minus one star because they are almost either too large, or too soapy. I cut them in half because I feel like I am wasting product at the end because their is a lot left in the pad. The cleanser is very gentle, and I really like the exfoliating side of the pad. Very useful for when I am in a hurry and don't have time to do my whole skin care routine. I also like to use them in the morning if I need a quick cleanse or if I wake up and my face is a little oily."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My dermatologist recommended this brand of spf 30 for daily use because I have Rosecea.  I love this brand because it gives me a nice fresh glow if I don't wear makeup and it is easily worn under makeup because it's not greasy.  I've tried many other brands and probably my 2nd choice would be Eucerine's spf30 for face.  But I still say this is the best because it doesn't feel like you've got sunscreen on.  It seems to stay on well during exercise too, because I alway put it on when I go for bike rides and never burn."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This scrub replaces the Neutrogena scrub that my daughter and I used. I bought the Neutrogena for myself and as she progressed into a tween she needed a scrub too. She didn't care for the smell of the Neutrogena but it did work very well. I had been buying the Aveeno acne pads for her and decided to get this for the night time routine. She loves the smell and the texture and I love the great price. It leaves a soft glow to her skin and her face never feels oily.This combined with the Aveeno pads, a daily moisturizer with SPF 15 UV protector in the morning, followed by this at night, seems to be doing the trick for keeping acne at bay and keeping her young face bright and healthy.Don't tell her but, dad is using it too now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin and a history of melanoma so I require a high spf.  I chose this product because my old product was discontinued, Aveeno has typically been very gentle and this one offered a 30 spf, which I need.It smells like sunscreen.  It went on easily but after a few minutes, it feels like it's kind of caked on.  Like a layer on top of my skin.  After a few hours, my skin felt very dried out as if I hadn't put a moisturizer on at all.  Three days into using it, I got two huge under the skin pimples that left marks on my face for over week."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this product for about 2 years, but after running out and having to borrow my sister's (Eucerin Everyday Protection/SPF 30) for a week or so, my breakouts all but disappeared! I didn't change anything else in my routine or lifestyle habits - it had to be this moisturizer making me break out. If you look closely in the mirror after applying, you'll notice little glitter flecks. In my opinion, it's completely unnecessary and just contributing to the amount of crap available to clog pores! It has a tendency to leave my skin still thirsty for moisture too, also contributing to breakouts. Overall, it's ok, but after trying another product (that's also less expensive!), I found this wasn't what I assumed was as good at it got."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If by positively radiant, Aveeno means shininess, then this is the product for you. I love Aveeno products, but this one isn't it. I have some light acne scars and I heard this was a good way to cover it up (BB creams, tinted moisturizers, etc.).When I first applied the product, it really burned and felt like a sunburn for a good 30 minutes. Then, I waited for it to dry and not look as shiny but it pretty much glimmered on my skin for the rest of the night. The color was marked fair to light, yet it was rather orange. Overall, I'm disappointed in the results. I'll stick to my Maybelline concealer for now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I work in Afghanistan and had a hard time keeping any time of make-up on in the summers because of the heat.  I would sweat it off immediately.  I got this in the hopes of it staying on a little better, giving me some protection from the sun and being able to reapply through the day without it looking like I just added another layer of foundation.  This is pretty much a very light foundation.  I don't think it moisturized my face at all and it didn't cover any red spots or blemishes.  I was disappointed because I normally love Aveeno products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I wanted a stronger SPF and decided to try the 30. As is usually the case, I don't care much for the texture of this higher SPF. Otherwise it's okay. Unless you really need a higher SPF, you'll probably like the feel of the SPF 15 better. This one seems greasy. I have combination skin, but even when I dried out this winter I didn't care much for the texture of it. The extra grease didn't seem to help my dry skin problem either! It just made me shiny lol. I still use this (just to finish the bottle), but only mixed with make up.I haven't tried the tinted version of this moisturize because they don't make it in brown *ahem!*. :-)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm a 29 year old active male with moderately oily skin and I generally like this product.  The exfoliation is more gentle than most \"scrubs\" due to the very tiny beads.  It almost feels like you are rubbing fine grit sand on your face.  The actual cleansing portion is fairly gentle and smells nice.  Just a little dab of this will easily cover your face and I find one bottle lasting me over a month.One thing I will note is that this tends to be a tad harsh for normal skin - especially during the winter months.  I like to mix usage of this withAveeno Smart Essentials Scrub, since the latter is a little more gentle on the skin for when you don't need much exfoliation."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this today at Publix (our local grocery) on clearance for $8.00.  I really didnt need a sunscreen, just a tinted moisturizer as I dont like to wear foundation in Fla. in the hot humid season.  I read the other reviews and (1) The texture is due to the spf30 and quickly absorbs into the skin.  (2) Dont buy this if you have very dry skin as it is a lighweight moisturizer.  The fair to light works fine for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "PROS- I LOVE the way this makes my skin look! It has light reflectors that highlight parts of my face and gives my skin this gorgeous sheen.- SPF- Skin looks more even after continuous use.*CONS- *Unfortunately, it clogs my pores and causes me to break out if I leave it on all day; on the other hand, if I wash it off immediately when I get home after a few hours, my skin looks better.- Not water resistant. It will &#34;melt&#34; when it comes in contact with water.I've recently started trying to use more natural, eco-friendly products. Aveeno Positively Radiant Tinted Moisturizer isn't 100% natural and I believe it has an EWG rating of 3 with limited information from Aveeno. Although it seems to clog my pores and melts when it comes in contact with water, I REALLY like the way it looks. I use it when I know that I won't be out all day, that I won't be around water and I want to look fresh."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried facial creams priced from 200 dollars to 4.99!  Aveeno is the very best without question.  It hydrates, smooths, lightens dark areas, and is never greasy.  Just try it once ~  you wont regret it!NOTE:  I recently discovered I have a wheat intolerance.  SOME, not all, Aveeno product use wheat and oats.  Even on my skin, I had problems with reactions.  If you do not have wheat issue...  The Aveeno line is excellent in both results and social responsibility."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm used to using \"kiss my face tinted moisturizer\" which I thought was alittle cakey but I loved the coverage with a little moisturizer added to it. This Aveeno product doesn't seem so cakey to me.  It actually has less coverage then I'm used to and bc it's \"radiant\" has a bit of sheen, which I'm not used to and actually don't really like.  It would prob. be nice for going to the beach, to the lake or for other active outdoor activities, but not something I want to wear to church or to a nice function (which is usually when I want to add some tint).  I won't buy this again, but will be shopping around for something without sheen, as the kiss my face tinted moisturizer has been discontinued."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used a lot of tinted moisturizers and as a rule I LOVE Aveno prouducts. To due skin cancer and using Renova, I have got to SPF my skin all year.I love Aveno products & my skin lady uses them after treatment. I am a natural platinum blonde so i go from very pale in the winter to a light tan as the weather warms.In general, this is a good quality product with adequate coverage & excellent SPF protection &  while transparent it also evens out the complexion. I believe it has a powder base as this seems to sink into large pores and deep lines. TO avoid this, I put 3 drops of a higher SPF &  mix it into the Aveno and then apply. This takes care of the problem.I also bought the light and medium and mix the two together to get the perfect shade. I store it mixed in a clean glass baby food jar & capped tight."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was using Aveeno Skin Complexion Skin Care before I tried this one. In preparation for the summer, I thought I would get an Aveeno product with SPF. Unfortunately, I got 3 big pimples after I started using this Aveeno product. When I returned to the Aveeno product I used before, my skin  cleared up, and honestly, my skin hasn't looked this great in a long time. So I guess this a recommendation for Aveeno Skin Complexion Care b/c I'd rather not have pimples. I still have the almost-full, used bottle of this stuff. Oh well..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Ok, i love aveeno products but this is a total FAIL!! And a waste of $$ for that matter. I'm on a budget, and i was looking for something budget-friendly from a drug store. After all the hype about this product, i decided to give it a try. First of all, the scent was overbearing, too greasy, my skin is combination/oily, and this made it worse!! I was extremely oily all day even make-up didn't help. I also developed a rash on my T-zone. I'm a very patient person so i stuck with it for a month before dumping it! Started using St.ives and so happy with the results not to mention the price is 2 less for what i paid for this junk! Too bad i won't get my hard earned $$ back!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this to replace a similar product from a different brand.  It is larger, thicker, and more absorbent than the other one, and I really like it.  I have approximately elbow length hair, fine strands but thick volume with 2a/b curls.  This dries faster than a towel and leaves my hair less fuzzy.  It also seems to result in less breakage; hair is a lot weaker when it is wet and traditional towels are hard on it.  The towel is also thinner than a traditional towel, and so you can easily make a great turban that dries your hair while you put on makeup or do other things."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a fantastic product! I cannot wash my hair without it.  I am so used to this towel sucking up all the extra water that when I just use a normal bath towel it actually feels weird to have all the excess water in my hair.  This also cuts down on a lot of blowdryer time too. I have fine, medium length hair and this works fantastic for me.  I highly, highly recommend this for anyone who wants to save time on drying their hair in the morning and get out of the door faster."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very thick, coarse hair and was tired of wrapping my head with the standard cotton towel at home. Plus, the towels were always rough on my hair and would get soggy immediately. I purchased this towel to put less stress on my hair follicles and to improve the drying time.I was very excited that I was able to wrap all of my hair in the towel (about arm-pit length, 4b/4c, coarse) and it stayed put. No problems there at all. However, I noticed that the towel started to get really soggy after about 30 mins. I had to take it off and squeeze it out.I think this is mainly because my hair type holds onto water much more than others and because the towel is pretty small. So, the next time, I just made sure that I squeezed as much excess water out of my hair as possible before wrapping and it was not as bad.I really like the towel but it is definitely not totally equipped to handle all hair types."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The Aquis Microfiber Hair Towel is very absorbant and soaks up water in a jiffy.  The towel is big enough to wrap around very long hair and is shaped longer lengthwise to make a turbin if desired.  Hair dries much quicker with the use of this towel.  I see only one drawback, and that is the towel is sort of smooth and a little bit slippery, which takes some practice to get it to stay on your head.  This is the only towel I reach for now after washing my hair and makes for less drying time with the hair dryer. Worth the price and a good investment for those of us with longer hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Having obtained one of the Aquis towels from a brick and mortar store over 2 years ago, I decided to get another for gym and travel purposes. The previous Aquis towel has stood in good stead, maintaining its smooth feel and quickly drying after use. Even if you have short or medium length hair, using this towel as a turban and then using it to absorb some of the water left in your hair can shorten your time with a wet head or your time under the blow drier. Or if you choose, drape it over your pillow and you won't end up with a \"terry cloth\" face the next morning after slumber.If you're traveling to someplace where towels are stingy or none existent, this would be a good general use item to take along without too much weight or bulk. You won't dry your body with it but it would make a good supplement."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I gave this dryer a 5 because I am very satisfied with the speed that it dries and how soft and smooth my hair is right afterwards.  This is probably not the only dryer that will give these kinds of results and it's probably not the best.  But if you have thick long hair like mine(reaches my waist)this is a handy tool.  It is a little heavy but it shouldn't be a problem if you only need to hold it for 5-10 minutes.  The real reason why I chose this ionic dryer is because I love Revlon's button configuration. The top button lets me adjust the temperature from cool, warm to hot.  And the bottom button adjusts the air flow from low, med to high. It lets me control and style my hair how I want to. I get so frustrated when the temperature corresponds to the air flow setting because it won't let me use hot on low or cool on med...catch my drift?  Anyway, nice dryer:)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have really thick, hard to curl, dry, asian hair. This iron did not work for me at all.  The iron did not get hot enough to do anything. I guess it would work if I did small one-inch sections, but I have so much hair, it's just not worth the time.  The waves it did create were fizzy and ugly.My friend, who has thin hair, uses this iron all the time and it works great.I recommend the Hot Tools Deep Waver.  It worked a lot better on my hair and created well defined waves."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "my poor hands, cracked, peeling, painful, terrible hangnails, cracked nails, painful skin. this cures all of it in like a day. it's just like all the other reviews say. i garden and do a lot of housechores (we're poor as dirt so i'm always cleaning) and this is the only thing that's ever worked. i actually love the smell. and it rubs in super quickly, or perhaps it's my hands that suck it up so fast... either way i use it every day. i lost my last jar and had to replace it as i was in hell without it. thank you badger balm."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been an insomniac all my life but don't like the adverse effects of most sleep aids. This was given as a gift to me. I would have never thought that something like this could work! I rub some on my temples and my lips and I slowly relax and fall asleep much more easily. Of course when I am completely wired it won't work as well or as fast, but I was amazed that on some nights that I forgot to use it I tossed and turned for while. Then I put this on and then fell asleep! I don't know how it works but it does. The smell is very discreet and pleasant."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My mom used to crimp my hair when I was a kid and now that I have a daughter, I want to do it for her. This takes a long time to heat up, like 10 minutes, but once it is heated up it works like a charm. Ive had issues with straighteners where if you put it too close to your scalp it will burn you, this isn't like that. The plate is well inside the plastic edging so it won't burn my daughter if I touch her scalp with it. I flew through her whole head in 5 minutes and she loves it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Okay, I observed my wife and my brother use this product upon the effusive recommendation of my sister-in-law.My sister-in-law and my wife have basically perfect skin, rarely a pimple ever forms for them.  My brother also uses this product to great effect as well, which I have observed over the past year.  My wife uses this as a routine facial cleanser, then she applies moisturizer after she's done.  She does not get irritated skin.Personally, I think a lot of commercial cosmetic products are super expensive, over rated items that take advantage of the \"newest fad\". -- Okay, off the soapbox.  This particular Neutrogena product seems to be different."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I want to know what all the hype is about...it certainly is not a bad cleanser at all. In fact, it is pretty awesome! Usually (with panoxyl(sp?)at least) benzoyl peroxide - the main acne fighter in this product - dries me out and irritated my skin. So, its gentle on the BP sensitive. Also, (I don't like it but) it does have menthol which gives the \"wake up\" cooling sensation. I suppose I'm not being fair as I haven't tried it as a mask yet, but the product doesn't seem to be that great on my acne (which is mainly stubborn blackheads and some whiteheads). It does an okay job of preventing new formations, but its not touching what I already have. That is why I went to try the Oil Free Grapefruit cleanser. BAD IDEA. Compared to THAT hot mess, this is a gem!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Now that I'm over 50, I can't believe I still get acne.  I found this product on a whim and use it 3-4 times a week.  It's a thick white cooling gel that you can wash off immediately or wait and use it like a mask.  I can't believe that it has cleared up my skin and tightened up pores.  I truly wish I had this as a teenager.  I've never had a problem with it over-drying.  It's not expensive either when you consider that the better your skin looks, the better you feel.  Great stuff!  Walgreens and most drug stores carry this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have an oily forehead with dry nose and cheeks. I get blackheads and sometimes acne, especially if I don't follow my skin reggie.The texture is white and thick, clay-like. It tingles on the skin. I let it sit on my face while brushing my teeth or during the shower, then rinse with cool water. I use every night, as a mask once a week.My skin reggie:Neutrogena Cream Cleanser every morningNeutrogena Clear Pore Cleanser OR Neutrogena Blackhead Cleaners as a wash every night, as a mask once a week.Formula 10.0.5 mud mask once a week.Apricot Scrub once a week.Change pillowcases every few daysUse a separate towel for face only, change every few daysWash face morning and nightFollow with moisturizer always and sunscreen for the day on top of moisturizerTry not to touch my face, don't pick blemishes"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product has replaced my Proactive cleanser. It has 3.5% benzoyl peroxide, 1% more than proactive, so it really keeps your skin clear. CAn be used as a mask and cleanser. It is non irritating, and does not dry my face out. Dissolves oil too. I use the benzoyl peroxide moisturizer (step 3) from proactive. This is the only product that always works and does not irritate my skin, with exfoliants. I also use this with the Neutrogena Wave Duo, I rinse out the soap from the disposable pads and use it to deep clean my face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product really takes the gunk off my face.  I have been wearing Liquid eyeliner and that new gel liner in black a lot and when I use other cleansers for my face I still look like a raccoon under my eyes and residual makeup stays...but not with this product.I love to wear makeup and I must admit I dont normally take it off at night because Im too tired-but this product make its so easy to take my makeup off easily and with little effort.It is a foam pump but it comes out with a slightly creamy consistency which works very well.the only gripe I have with this product is that it doesnt feel refreshing after you clean your face-it just does the job I think it would be nice if it had a cooling effect to it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like the aveeno day moisturizer very much so thought will give this soap a try. But it made the skin very very dry. On top of it started getting more acne. So discontinued using. I got a pack of 3. My husband uses the aveeno face wash and really likes it. Since 2 more soaps were left over and also each and every person skin type and tolerance level are different. We thought he would try using it. But it made him break out immediately. He skin is normal and never had problem with breakouts. So that is it.. We thrashed it and never thought about buying again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm one of those people who had a sprinkling of acne as a teen (which was taken care of by Retin-A) and then nothing until later in life. For some reason, when I turned 35- BOOM. My skin went haywire. I went to a dermatologist and he gave me a variety of things, but the basic advice was stick to a \"clean\" soap (I usePurpose Gentle Cleansing Bar, 6-Ounce Bars (Pack of 2)) and use a deep cleaning product with salicylic acid.The Aveeno Clear Complexion pads REALLY worked. I don't use them everyday, maybe three times a week, because they are very drying. But they definitely clean the skin well. I also use them in conjunction with a pure sea salt scrub (I dip the pad in the loose sea salt and scrub my face) and it does an AMAZING job of cleaning my skin and keeping it clear without turning it into a dry painful mess.So, I highly recommend this for anyone dealing with fussy skin!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought these for the mild acne on my chin and for convenience sake I mean, cleanser and exfoliater in one pad, plus great reviews AND a decent price, sounded great. Well, I used these at night for one week and these evil little pads ruined my face. I had and still have little red bumps all over my forehead and cheeks like my skin was burned off! I haven't used the pads in 2 days now, but my skin is still very dry, even peeling in some spots and the bumps are still there. Oh and my acne is still there too.No, I haven't changed anything else in my skincare routine either.I've NEVER had skin problems before, besides the above mentioned mild acne on my chin, so seeing red bumps all over my face was a little frightening. Hopefully they'll go away soon..I like Aveeno, I really do, so this is very disappointing, if I could give this zero stars I would."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "With my adult acne I have to pamper my skin or it gets too dry.  I love this face wash because my skin feels amazingly clean and SUPER soft and moisturized after washing.  It almost feels as if I have already put my moisturizer on and it does not leave it with a tight feeling.  When I am having hormonal breakouts I have to attack my problen skin with several different products and techniques.  This is a frontline weapon for use several times a day.As a middle-ages woman I look for products that are fierce on blemishes, but gentle to my skin underneath.  This satisfies."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "i LOVE this moisturizer. It is thick enough that i can get proper coverage for just a small amount. It absorbs very quickly and does not feel heavy or oily. I will put this on in the morning and be good all day.My main issue before using this moisturizer was my forehead would dry out in the winter and would have skin flakes. It was particuarly bad after i got out of the shower. Now i just put this on and my skin is perfect.I use this with a combination of cetaphil in the shower and i rarely EVER break out. My skin is very soft and looks amazing.Yes, this is kinda pricey. But a little will go along way. Any more that one squirt and you have too much. So that bottle will last a good while. If you are in doubt, BUY THIS!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the first BB cream bottle i have bought and I like it. When I picked it up at the store, I tried on this Aveeno one on one side of my face and the Revlon Photoready BB cream on my other cheek. I believe the Revlon offered a bit more coverage but it also looked and felt a bit more heavy on my face (and heavy makeup isn't really too practical for me). I would recommend the Aveeno BB cream if you are not looking for too much coverage, a more natural look with some good SPF 30. It looks good on my face all day and so far I've kept it on for up to 12 hours straight.Like someone had mentioned before, yes, I did notice my fingers were covered with tiny specks of glitter after applying this bb cream but its barely noticeable on your face so that was nice to see and i noticed it really did help even out my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been trying to develop a skin care routine and was looking for a good moisturizer.  I have oily acne prone skin and this made my skin burn and break out even worse.  My face is red and dry now because of this.  Cystic acne is not fun to deal with and this brought out too many cysts around my chin and cheeks.  My face was doing great, clearing up before this.  Waste of my money, but I guess it's all about trial and error.  I take my time when adding a new product to my skincare routine so that I know if its going to break me out or not,"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I hate lotions because it makea me feel like i have something on my face and some will make me break out as well.  Nothing I found made my face feel clean and refreshed.I have tried various different types (both expensive name brands and not so expensive ones from drug stores and other retail) and hadn't found one I like.However, i found aveeno face scrub wash worked really well with my skin, and decided to give this one a try.I can say, I have finally found something that i can wear without the weight or the break out.  I think i will be using this for a long time.i'm soooooo glad to have found this lotion.It makes me feel refreshed without all the weight nor the breakout."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought these and they come with 28 pads. The formula is great - acne spots that usually took months to clear up, now clear up within a couple of weeks. It really does help to even skin tone and is gentle on the skin. It keeps my skin smooth and seems to be improving the overall look of it. However, I'm not the only one in my home that uses acne cleansers and these pads only lasted 2 weeks between my fianc&eacute; and myself. So my only complaint is that you have to get them more frequently than other cleansers. I ended up getting the Clear Complexion foaming cleanser - same formula and will last longer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because it has soy in it and I know soy helps to even the skin tone. I thought the salicylic acid it contains would help to keep my skin clear as well. But this made my already oily skin appear to be greasy. By mid day if I ran my hand over my face I could see the oil on my hand as well. There is also only 0.5% salicylic acid which really does nothing to control chronic acne.The good points are that the pads are nice and large and it smells nice and lathers up nicely. In fact I continued to use it b/c I liked the way the lather felt on my face, but it just got to be too oily for me so I stopped. If you have dry skin, I recommend it, but I do not recommend it for people who have oily skin and chronic or severe acne."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I LOVE this stuff. Too bad I just discovered this last week & it has been DISCONTINUED! I'm so upset!I used it this morning & then said to my husband \"How does my face look?\" He replied \"like you have on make-up\"  I don't wear ANY makeup so my complexion is important to me. This does the trick! Makes my face so clear and radiant. I've used it for a week on my combination skin at it's the best cleanser I have ever used.I will have to buy this where ever I spot it because I can't stand the thought of being without it forever. I just found another bottle today so maybe when I'm all out I'll giveAveeno Active Naturals Positively Radiant Cleanser, 6.7 Ouncea try."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Aveen Clear Complexion is the first moisturizer I've ever used, and I have to say it did not disappoint. I've never used many products to improve my skin, but I will definitely keep this in my stash now!I never had problem skin in high school, but once I hit college I just started having a lot of breakouts from high stress and poor eating habits. I finally found a daily facial wash that worked well and didn't completely dry out my skin (causing me to break out more!), but the combination of new skin wash and this moisturizer are what ultimately cleared up my skin.No more redness, and I've had one breakout in the last two weeks since using this. It really makes your skin look even and clear!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Searching for ways to stop break outs i decided to give this product a try. It has a strong smell of peppermint and it makes your skin feel tighter after use. It helped stop my break outs and clear them up. Although it is only 1 oz a finger tip amount will cover your entire face. The product lasted me about 2 months. I decided to use tea tree oil instead just because this product is so high priced but you do get what you pay for, all organic ingredients. Organic is never cheap."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was looking for a travel hairdryer to take on a trip to Europe. I chose this one because it has dual voltage, is foldable, and is available through Amazon Prime for quick shipping. It is rather bulky, but I suppose if it were smaller it wouldn't have the power and other nice features like the speed settings and \"cool\" button. It performed perfectly on the trip (with the addition of a tiny outlet adapter) and is comfortable to hold. Now I keep it in my gym bag.  Overall, I recommend this if you want a somewhat more compact but still powerful dryer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I picked up this dryer when I was staying some nights at my fiancee's apartment, so I could stash it out of his way when I wasn't there. It folds in half and the cord retracts into the handle, making it very small. I was immediately impressed with the power, I have pretty thick hair but I could completely dry it in just a few minutes. When we got married and bought a house it has stayed on with me, becoming my primary hair dryer. I have used it daily for about 3 years now and it has not faltered, definitely worth it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very long hair, well past mid-back but not quite to my waist. So, the majority of you with shorter hair will likely have different results that I did. But, this brush immediately tangled for me. And my hair got so entwined and stuck in this brush it took about three minutes for me to untangle it and free myself from the brush. The bristles weren't the main driver, it was the small seam between the plastic handle and plastic tip, and the metal body. Very surprising that these aren't sealed better to prevent this. Once my hair got tangled in those gaps, it inevitably got tangled in the bristles too. Maybe I just got a bad one, but really can't recommend this for those with long hair :("}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty straight hair and every now and then like a different look. I have tried regular curling irons (1 inch and 1.5 inch); the curls are good but they don't last long and I on't get soft curls with those. This is a great product for soft curls or smoothing out hair in the morning. Best part is, the curls last much longer compared to the regular curling irons. Only thing I would have loved to see in this product is a better brush, this brush is not bad at all, but my hair slip out of it while curling as the teeth are smaller than expected. With loner teeth I guess this would be an ideal product for me :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was hoping this would eliminate the need to blow-with-a-brush my thick short hair.  But unfortunately it  doesn't provide enough control to replace that.  It's good for touch ups, but when I used it on my hair that I didn't blow dry, it didn't give enough control.  My hair stayed frizzy and lost its shape quickly.  I don't like using a curling iron, but with the clip it does provide more control and has more effect on the hair.Based on the other reviews it does replace that process for many users, but didn't for me.Pros:Easy to useAdjustable heat settingsGood for touch upsProbably not damaging to hairCons:Doesn't provide enough control for thick, coarse hairDoes not seal the cuticle, hence doesn't stop the frizzies"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Great hot brush! My sister bought 1 of these years ago and then it died a few weeks ago. She looked everywhere and couldn't find one like it. I looked on Amazon and there it was! Needless to say I bought her 2 of them, 1 to take home and 1 to leave at my home. She was so surprised and both work perfectly. It's so nice to be able to find something like this at Amazon. If you use this size brush for curling this is a great little tool. Highly recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This Conair hot brush has so much quality built in at a sper low price.  Even auto-shut-off!Great size for short to median hair or just curly styles.  Many heat temp selections sogentle on hair.  Use on DRY hair !  Heats fast, easy to hold without burning fingers.Better than curling iron because it grips the hair easily.  Same results, but much faster.Leaves hair super shiny as the barrel is ceramic.  Nothing else on the market that has this muchquality at such a low, low price.VERY, VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER !!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I ordered the 3/4-inch hot brush for myself and after experimenting a few times, liked it so much I ordered the 1-1/4-inch as a gift for a friend and she is very happy with it.  It heats super fast, has many settings for heat needed depending upon hair type, and after a few minutes of experimenting I was glad I bought the hot brush style instead of a regular curling iron.  The delivery was fast, the items were packaged well, and the hot brush works according to description."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this thing!  It heats up in seconds yet its gentle to hair, it gives it shine and smooths the follicles, gives texture, bounce, and shape to lifeless hair.  This thing is the bomb.com!  I must have crawled under a rock because I have never seen this tool before and I sure wish I had!  It would saved me from one too many bad haircuts!  I love it and it came earlier than expected too! I was like a kid in Christmas opening up a special gift!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had a curling iron with teeth (only way I know to describe it) about 30 years ago.  It disappeared somewhere along the way, and I have wished I could find another one for a few years now.  But I never found one in any store.  Then I came across this one on Amazon.  I love it.  It accomplishes the same thing as the old one, which is to smooth out my hair after I have blow-dried it without adding unwanted curl.  Of course, you can use it to curl your hair if that's your pleasure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've had this for 5 months and, though I do not straighten my naturally curly (thick, coarse) hair often, this made easy work of it! I am African-American with natural (relaxer-free) long hair; mid-back length. It took over an hour in small sections, but WOW! My hair was sleek with curls and waves where I wanted them! I didn't even use the highest heat setting! I also used this on my son's 7&#34; afro, which is VERY CURL RESISTANT when using flat irons, and it straightened HIS hair (I do this so I can trim his hair since he doesn't trust barbers after a bad experience cutting his &#34;bodacious fro&#34; lol). I have lots of heated irons, but this did straighten AND curl my hair very well. Therefore, I have NO hesitation recommending this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I think these will be great jumbo heated rollers with dual voltage to use in Europe.  BUT, I use a hard sided spinner suitcase that opens into two compartments, instead of one large compartment.  This travel hairsetter has a small stand on it, which looks pretty sitting in the bathroom, but will take up needed height space making the double sided suitcase difficult to close.  I found on Amazon the Conair MiniPro Hot Rollers and they fit just fine, even in carry-on size. This set will be fine at home and came with claw type clips that hold the roller in place to support a curly set.  This was not written in the Amazon description.  I wish I had known because I spent more money to get clips which I didn't think came with the set."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty fine long hair but alot of it-little over the shoulder in length.  These give volume and a nice soft wave. Clips hold fine for me but sometimes leave a slight crease mark. Heat up very, very fast. Easy to use.  They would be more perfect if there were 6 of them but I can make do with 5. I still have to use the big curling iron for the small shorter pieces of hair around my face.  They almost give that look that the hairdresser can get using the big velcro rollers and then have you sitting under the hairdryer.....Very pleased!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Good and cheap hair styling product! I tried it today after I blow-dried my hair. It was frizzy and hard to handle at the tips, as always. I looked like a troll. I turned this on and let it warm for a few minutes. I put 2 on each side and one on the crown. After a couple minutes I took them off and voila! Loose, sexy, and effortless Victoria's secret curls (:Would recommend to anyone, unless you're looking for a genuine curl."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I just tried this color for the first time today and I really like it. I've been dying my hair auburn for years, but I have so much gray now that auburn is not sustainable, so I've slowly been phasing the auburn out. I've been looking for just the right blonde shade and thought maybe a honey blonde, however many of the colors looks too yellow/goldish. This color is perfect and looks just like on the box - kind of a light rosy blonde. The product was easy to apply and not messy/drippy and the smell wasn't overpowering. I will continue to use this one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "#4 is not a coffee brown to my eyes, it is much mid range brown.Dark Brown(#4)made my natural black (middle east black hair color) a kind of golden brown,anyhow its lighter than coffee brown. I was expecting something like black brown, which was not. Unfortunately, It was not working as grey color hair concealer or cover.#3(soft black), on the other hand, has been acceptably matching my natural hair color. It has 100% gray hair coverage for my case and I probably stick to this number.#2B, black seems like leather black, not very natural in my context, but we could call it black anyway.I have also Loreal Feria black (#20), it is also a fake black for my hair, kind of leather black, like Crow's feather color!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First off, this turned out gorgeous.  Absolutely perfect, very close to the box.  LOVE this color when it's fresh.  I have medium to dark brown hair and it really turned out fantastic.  However....I've really only been getting about a week of vibrant red before it starts fading despite using mild shampoos formulated for colored hair, without sulfates.  I'm having to recolor every two to three weeks otherwise it's more of a really dark auburn color instead of intense red.  The formula is very strong.... smell is strong and it burns my scalp.  I am hoping to find an alternative to this product with more resistance to fading...the burning scalp thing probably isn't good either...nor is coloring so often.  Good news is that despite very frequent coloring my hair is still in good condition."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using the L'Oreal Preference, Lightest Golden Brown shade for many years now, and still get compliments on the golden highlights and how healthy my hair looks. The color is always consistent and natural looking and the coverage very effective, though with the increasing amount of gray in my natural hair, I have to be careful with the application, particularly around the temples and where I part my hair. Now, if the product could only make my face look as smooth and wide-eyed as the model, I would give it 10 stars !"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "L'oreal makes many hair color brands, The Superior preference brand is just TERRIBLE to apply.  It is extra runny and watery.  I could not stop the dripping and I have been coloring my hair for 20 years.  I'm very careful and do it in sections but this is not a cream type like the excellence is.  It was literally dripping off my gloves after I put it in my hair.  I never had a problem with any other hair color product and not even by L'oreal.  This formula is way too watery!!!  I never had so much drip to the floor ever before.Always buy the cream kind, or the mouse.  This stuff is terrible!!  :(I swear the good reviews must be for the L'Oreal Paris Excellence Preference and not this.  The boxes look almost the same.Boo on how runny it is!!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The color is pretty, but no where near the color on the box.  It is a mahogany/red color.  Much deeper and quite red.  There is NO gold.  I am disappointed with how dark and how red the color is.  The grey covered very well (which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1).  I don't really like the formulation -- the gel colorant is quite drippy. I also like that it only takes 25 minutes to process.  I might try it again if I had confidence about the color choice."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this for a few weeks now.  I'm not noticing too much in the &#34;firming&#34; department yet, however I like the cream a lot.  I have very sensitive skin and this does not bother or irritate it at all.  The smell is pleasant and the cream goes on smooth.  I wake up &#34;fresh-faced&#34; without an oily sheen as I've expreienced using other night creams.  I'll keep watching on the &#34;firming&#34;, but I will definitely purchase this again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using Olay products for a number of years, and at 67 years of age, I don't have any wrinkles on my face, neck, or upper chest. This could, of course, be due to heredity because my 94 year old mother doesn't have much in wrinkles either. There is really no way to know for sure, but I do like the feel of this product on my skin. When I use it, my skin feels soft and moisturized, and not greasy as it does with some other products. I will continue to use this and other Olay products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a nice, light night cream.  It has a pleasant fragrance, that is barely noticable and fades quickly.  I like the way the cream feels when I apply it, like my skin is saying \"aahhh\".  The cream soaks in quickly and is not oily or sticky at all.I can not give it a higher rating because I did not find it to be effective at firming.  In fact it did not leave my skin as hydrated as other products I have used.  I will finish my jar, but will not repurchase.I am nearly 60 years old with fairly dry skin and I must need a need a more emollient product.  I think this one would work well for younger people."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using the product for 4 months and have been applying it to my face every night before bed.PROS: Has a nice clean smell, moisturizes very well, makes my skin feel smooth, gets rid of dry spots. Also, a little goes a long way. I still have 1/3 of the product left after 4 months.CONS: Did not tighten/firm my skin whatsover. Did not prevent or smooth out any wrinkles as I noticed new wrinkles over time, and the smile wrinkles I have got worse and are more noticeable now. Lastly, this product made my skin look and feel VERY OILY. I don't like wearing the product around other people as the shininess is embarrassing.This cream is basically good as a moisturizer if you have dry skin, but isn't really good for anything else. I can't say I'd recommend it, but looking at how other people have rated this, there is still a good chance that it could work well for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm assuming that what they tell you is true and you need to occasionally run sandpaper over your face to strip a small layer off. In that case, I'd recommend this to do it.I only use this once a week or once a fortnight. But when I feel particularly that there's too much skin on my face and I need to strip a layer off I use this. The good thing about it is that it cleans quite well yet does not leave your skin dry. It smells nice without being overpowering. And I only use it before sleep and never after shaving because I think that shaving already strips a layer off your skin.So, cleans nicely, does not leave the skin raw, I recommend it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My son got tanned despite of using this daily. He had golf lessons 3 times a week in the mornings! and only for one hour! he came back home darker after each lesson. My husband got a tan too but didn't burn. I have to admit, we are currently in South America, perhaps it will work better in Northern Hemisphere.  It's not easy to spread, leaves white cast, you have to rub it a lot to get rid of whiteness, and hairy fuzzy men, forget it!!! We tried Australian gold brand (easier to spread but stinks to high heavens), and no difference in protection."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Absolutely, a miracle nail cream from Barielle. Barielle's reputation stems from this outstanding nail strengthening cream that originally was created to condition the hooves of thoroughbred racehorses; the side affect being that the groomers also developed beautifully strong, peel and split free nails. My nails have always been prone to peeling and breakage. Ultimately, I made matters worse by opting to wear acrylic nails on and off in the past to cover up these issues. Thankfully, that craze is long over; and my nails have benefited ever since by using Barielle. Works well withBarielle Natural Nail Camouflage, .5 fl oz (14.8 ml)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product didn't work for me, but that's not to say it will not work for you. My issues with this product was that I burned my fingers each time I tried to put the roller in my hair, you only get a few clips with the product and they didn't work very well--At least they didn't work well for me. I gave this product away and even that person didn't want it. I may be a fan of some Conair products, just not this one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this hair curler set. I have purchased two of them now, one for each daughter. Both have long, thick hair and we find that it does an excellent job of providing just the right amount of curl for those occasions when you need it. It takes just a few minutes to heat up and the soft velvet lining on the rods make it less damaging to hair.The only thing I always hate is the clips! Even though there is a small case to hold them, sometimes they get lost!  Replacement clip sets would be much appreciated. I think the curler set contains just the right number of each size of roller -- even better though would be to have two ore large ones!!Recommended."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Only one roller changes the color dot to show when heated and you have to heat the outer clips individually on the three spaces provided at the far right. So, if you need to use a particular size again that isn't the one with the dot, there's no way to tell if it's heated or not. Then you have to wait for one of the three clips to heat as well. It is weird!  It seemed to take a long time to heat up, though I didn't time it.This is an ok set, but I sure wouldn't rave about it. If not for the hassle, I'd return it.I just ordered another set that looks like the one I used to have with the U-shaped clips (BaByliss Pro) and hopefully it will be what I'm thinking it is."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The scent is so well done, I could smell it while it's in the wrapper! It should be a room fragrance as well until you're ready to wash with it lol....I had the lavendar and jasmine and it's the first time I've ever seen  a CLEAR NATURAL SOAP. I thought that was fascinating. The scents are awesome and my fiance used the lavender soap for his dry skin since he tends to get rashes when he scratches himself. and he says he likes it so far. Worth the cheap price so give it a shot!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The trimmer arrived today.  We tried it out by having the wife cut my hair.  it trimmed it up nice and short.  The finishing trimmer appears pretty delicate, but I think if handled carefully it will provide a relatively long life.  Lots of cutter guides to use, theres even one for trimming eyebrows.  Or should I say \"eyebrow\", because if you need to trim it, you probably only have one covering both eyes.I am not to thrilled with the carry case.  Mine arrived cracked.  it appears to be pretty cheap plastic and there are no separators inside the case so everything will slide around.I gave it 4 stars because of the case.  It does appear to be a pretty good trimmer for a very inexpensive price.  I guess if I wanted extreme heavy duty and a great case I could have spent 5 times more money.  But I don't need to this time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The thought of cutting my hair is beyond consideration but two little Yorkies just love this set.  The main reason is that is is quiet and effective.  Those, to me, are the operative words:  quiet and effective.  When you turn the clipper on it makes a humming noise instead of a loud \"I'm going to get you\" sound.  Then when you start cutting small animal hair you actually cut it without pulling or leaving gapping holes in their fur.  Maintenance is easy and with all the tools you could almost go into business but I'll pass on that.  Additionally, you have the Wahl brand and that makes a positive difference."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used many many different masks for my acne prone skin and this one is definitely one of the top ones on my list.  I apply it to my face twice a week in the evening and leave it for 45 minutes before washing it off then apply a thin layer of balancing moisturizer (for acne skin).  I didn't even need to use any medication afterwards.  It's noticeable that mask helps the skin to heal from broken pimples or those that were about to develop into big ones.  One of the big plus that come with this product is that it's not too expensive so I strongly recommend it!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this mask for a week. The results have been so impressive that I've been using it at least once per day and sometimes 2. My pores were not huge but they definitely made my skin look older. I can't believe it, the pores on my cheeks are almost completely gone. On top of that even the redness around my nose where I have broken capillaries looks much clearer. It has removed blackheads around my nose that I didn't realize were even there. My entire face looks better and discolorations have diminished. I feel like I've taken a couple years off my face in one week. It's amazing such a fantastic product is so reasonably priced. I will continue to use the product indefinitely. I highly recommend it to anyone with oily skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I know this masque has a cult following in the beauty community, and that is what has inspired me to try it so many times over the years. My skin is very sensitive and while I have used dozens of other clay masques with no issues, the mint oil in this one sets my face on fire. I can't even keep it on for 60 seconds because it is so painful. There have been a few times where I toughed it out and ended up with red, angry, itchy, irritated skin that lasted for days afterwards. This has also caused me to break out, something I have never experienced with another masque. I think most people probably won't have any sort of reaction to this, but if you have sensitive skin I caution you to really think about whether this is a good product for you. At the very least, do a patch test before putting it over your whole face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When I first put it on there was a strong peppermint smell, and a really tingly almost stinging feeling. That kind of scared me. But it went away as the stuff dried. I think it takes more than 15 minutes, but thats ok because you can multitask. Very green in color, I looked as scared as I was at first!I took it off using two washclothes. The first to get the majority off of my face, and the second to make sure residue was off. Pretty easy.this stuff is cheap, and the results really only last a day. But for the price it is great! My skin felt tighter and firm, while not drying it out too much and leaving it soft.I don't really know if it dries out acne like it says, I only had twp spots and didn't notice a difference. But oh well."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For once--a beauty product that actually DOES what it SAYS it does. In just one application, it dried up my t-zone oil slick, shrunk my pores (which are big enough in which to carry loose change), evened out my skin tone, and softened my skin to baby's butt softness. It even seemed to tighten my fine lines. The minty scent is truly refreshing (AND relaxing). The clay texture is soft, smooth, and feels nice going on--very therapeutic. Oh!...and it lasts forEVER....oh!..and it's inexpensive. OH..my God..............I love this stuff.Bottom line: Stop spending ridiculous amounts on more expensive brands with fancy packaging and get something in a butt-ugly package that actually works. Period."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "While I was waiting to get this product me (being impatient) went out and bought a knock off brand from a local store. I'd have to say so far the knock off brand worked better than this. I did not feel the face tightening effect other viewers had described with this product (though i did with the store bought brand) and this has caused me to break out in the most unpleasent of places on my face. Weird places like in between my eyes and eyebrows and forehead. Perhaps I will try again in the future but I am dissapointed in this product right now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For an inexpensive mask, this does the job for my face, especially when I have a small breakout.  I've been using this for 14 years and hasn't let me down since.  I use it a few times a week to keep the acne down with a minimum time of 20 minutes.  However after removing it, tone (if needed) and moisturize (if necessary) I have recognize it can be somewhat drying, but it's not too bad, in my opinion.  Still the best mask I use for breakouts."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this at a local store for just 3 dollars,and I wanted to know what the hype was about.Typically, I use more expensive products on my face,believing that they will do the trick, but I was proven wrong.Despite the low price of this, it works very well, and there is agenerous amount of it in the package. I recommend it, it stingsa bit, but really does what it says! I do also feel a bit of tightnessfrom it, but other than that, this is a great product and has a priceyou really can't beat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this face mask. After washing and exfoliating, I put this on and within 15 minutes it's ready to be wiped clean. I take mine off with a wet, hot wash cloth (gently) and reveal softer and smaller pored skin. No, it does not magically erase my pores or pimples but it does reduce them and my skin feels so smooth and clean without over drying.I have combo skin and I am 25, but now that I live in a humid climate... it gets oily quickly then what I'm used too. I use this mask once or twice a week. It's cheap and works better than some of the expensive masks I've wasted money on, plus you can buy it in most places where you also get your groceries. I will never stop using this. I follow with a light moisturizer that won't clog my pores. Always satisfied with this product...it never stops working after using it for years!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm a big fan of Queen Helene's masks for one particular reason: They're as effective as high end brands, and generally work. This mask in particular is great at evening your skin tone, and shrinking your pores if you use it regularly. I use it at least three times a week, and it makes my skin appear healthy and glowing. I'd also, recommend their other mask,Queen Helene Mint Julep Masque, 8 Ounce. It's an excellent mud mask, and its tingling sensation really makes me feel like it's deep cleaning."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've always loved peel-off masques. That's really because I enjoyed the peel-off process. However, I considered them ineffective because the only thing they'd get rid of are my baby hairs at the front, nothing more. But this is one masque that does the trick! I constantly looking forward to applying it and seeing the difference it makes it closing my pores and getting rid of my acne. My face is so much more radiant and alive! This is definitely a product I'm sticking to."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product is as close to useless as it can get.  It's a waste of money.  First of all, it falsely advertises as  it doesn't \"peel\" anything.  Normally with a face masque of any kind, you will see a remarkable instant \"glowing\" or \"brightening\" of your skin because it deep cleans.  This product is too thin to be of any benefit.  It does not deep clean and the slightest bit of perspiration will immediately start to dissolve it.  After one tube, I would never buy it again and I do not recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was trying to replace a peel off mask I had in college over 10 yrs ago but couldn't remember the name; it left my face soft and it was easy to peel off and it didnt have a strong smell, but this product is the opposite. This product is messy to apply and thick, and it takes a long time to dry and I don't see a difference in my face when I take it off. I left it in the draw with all the other products I don't really use because they do nothing special. I mean really!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This masque feels nice on your skin, but beyond that it had little benefit for me. It certainly didn't help clear my pores, in fact you could see the clay visibly clogging them even after I rinsed the masque off. If your skin is as oily as mine this will not take care of the oil much at all. I felt refreshed right after using it but within a few hours I was back to my normal level of oiliness. Overall, I'm not impressed. There are several other masques around this price point that work much better than this one for my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When I have the time, I usually like to use a dry clay mask that I mix with water or vinegar. If I'm pressed for time, I reach for Queen Helene Masque Mud Pack, and it really is good as a fast fix to get out the impurities caused by cosmetics, excess facial oils and the general crud that floats around in the air. If you don't currently use a clay mask, this is a great one to start with. You will instantly see a difference when you apply fresh make-up. Very good!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So as a guy, I never considered using any kind of facial stuff.  Well I was convinced to \"try\" a mud masque.  Let me tell you, in just one use, I could definately see an improvement.  If you never used a masque before, its not that bad of a feeling.  But when I was done I could see how my skin was more \"tight\"  the effects lasted for about 1 week.  I've done this masque 2 times since then and every time there is a dramatic imrpovement.  I'd recomend this product over the Green one.Queen Helene Masque, Mint Julep - 8 oz"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this mask. I have been using the expensive masks since I was early 20s. But this one is much better than the ones cost me over $80. My friends told me that I look younger than my younger sister now. hehe... I'm using it once a week, my skin tone is more even now and skin feels tighter too. I have been using the rose water as toner, they are great combination. Maybe the rose water is doing a good job too, I love them both."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "\"Moisturizing Liquid Hand Soap with Milk & Honey\"Exodus 33:3a \"Go up to a land flowing with milk and honey...\"Milk and honey is a sign of the fullness of God's reign in justice and righteousness. Flowing honey and surging milk begin with fertile land and rivers of usable water. Ample milk means abundant cattle grazing on luxuriant grass, bovines that bear healthy calves--and that fertilize the ground. Bees make honey; bees pollinate fruits and flowers. Dairy, beef, honey and harvest mean nourishment for farmers, families and community, with overflowing everything to sell at market or barter and trade in order to get whatever you cannot grow.Another in Softsoap's extensive line of liquid hand soaps, this particular one is symbolically and realistically perfect for washing hand before helping prepare community dinner at church or elsewhere. It feels good, smells good, lathers well, and rinses off properly."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really need a body wash for my very dry , itchy winter skin. The reviews lead me to purchase this one, but so far it has made no more difference than my other regular body washes. I don't get it's appeal. I think I will maybe try something with ceremides perhaps next time. There are limited choices for extra dry skin from what I can see. I don't think I will repurchase this aveeno not to mention it is NOT sulfate free and I think it's the sulfates that keep my skin so dry after a shower.."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Based upon the ingredient list alone with SLS as the fourth ingredient, I can't help but wonder why they call this \"skin relief\" and give this product 3 stars because Aveeno should know better. For those suffering with skin problems, steer clear of this drying, itch causing chemical detergent (also used in car washes!).Water, Glycerin, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Decyl Glucoside, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Flour, Glycol Stearate, Sodium Lauroampho PG Acetate Phosphate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, PEG 20 Glycerides, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Starch, PEG 150 Pentaerythrityl Tetrastearate, PEG 120 Methyl Glucose Trioleate, Propylene Glycol, Tetrasodium EDTA, PEG 6 Caprylic/Capric Glycerides, Quaternium 15, Coriandrum Sativum (Coriander) Extract, Elettaria Cardamomum (Cardamon) Seed Extract, Conmiphora Myhrrha Extract, SD Alcohol 39C, May Contain (+/-):, Sodium Hydroxide, Citric Acid"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had horrible eczema on both arms for over a week. It was bad my skin burned in some spots. I went to the Dermatologist and was given a prescription cream. The cream did NOTHING. After another week of this crud on my arms I spotted the Aveeno I had in my cupboard. I thought, \"Why not?\" I applied it after showering at night twice and on day three ALL of the dry spots were gone. I love Aveeno products and no I was not paid to write this. I am a life fan now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the first winter of my life that I have had my skin dry up so fast like it has been. I concocted a mixture of Shea butter, coconut oil, cocoa butter oil, vitamin e oil and have been putting it on my skin just for my skin to suck it in and be dry and itchy in about 2 hours. Yesterday, I bought this product, along with the matching body wash. No dryness, no itching.  I slept without scratching all freaking night for the first night in a month or so. What a relief! This is my new wintertime lotion."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have suffered bad skin allergies and eczema for years.  I only use aveeno to soap my body with.  I don't think I am allergic to scented soap, but the benefit I know I get from Aveeno is that it keeps my skin moist (but not greasy), which is really important if you have eczema.  I also use Aveeno's eczema lotion to pair with this soap and together they keep my flare ups at bay.  I would give this a sixth star if possible because of the price here on Amazon.  It is nearly half the amount than the regular store!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have really dry skin. It runs in my family and I've had to deal with it all my life, so I have experience with all kinds of lotion since I was a little girl. For dry skin I've mainly stuck with oil-based deep moisturizers. I tried \"water-based\"-feeling type lotions before and they were always so lightweight. But then I discovered Aveeno moisturizing line, specifically the 18-hour and now it's all I use. I have need for nothing else. What I like most about it is that it PENETRATES and HYDRATES from within (rather than sits on top of skin acting as a sealant). It hydrates within and how long it lasts (staying power) is the best I've seen. Also, I'm NO LONGER left with an oily or \"smudgy\" body (I'd leave smudges everywhere I touched due to the heavier, less effective lotions of the past). I feel deeply moisturized and non-oily - can't beat it. I'm a customer for life!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only body wash we use in this house.  All four females LOVE IT!  It is great on even the most sensitive skin among us.  It is gentle but leaves us feeling clean and our skin is so soft.  I wouldn't even want to try anything else.  As far as the scent, well, there really isn't a scent in this product.  The other varieties from Aveeno (with fragrance) I have not liked.  So I use this one and then after I shower I use Bath and Body Works Cucumber Melon lotion for a nice light scent on the skin.  I really don't think you can find anything better, whether you have sensitive skin or not."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have to say that I'm really bad at using hand lotion.  I never remember to put in on, even in the winter.  The only time I remember is after my hands are already red and cracked.  I came across this stuff a couple winters ago when my hands were in really bad shape.  After the first use, my hands were moisturized and no longer cracked.  What is also great about it is that it lasts through handwashing.  I use this once in the morning and it usually lasts the entire day. Great, great, great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently had back surgery and was not allowed to take showers for a number of weeks. Sponge baths worked ok for the body, but washing the hair was a problem as chances of getting the water on the scar (and thus risk of infection) were high. I was miserable not being able to wash my hair until someone told me about No-rinse Shampoo.Small things make a big difference when you are hospitalized/recovering from surgery.  No-rinse shampoo removed one of the things that was making me feel bad and I am so pleased someone told me about it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When our daughter had surgery last fall, she wasn't able to stand long enough to shower, and had gauze dressings that couldn't get wet.  I had been sponge bathing her, but her long hair desperately needed washing.  I picked up a bottle of this no-rinse shampoo at Walmart.I was able to massage it through her hair and then towel it dry, and get a comb through her matted hair.  It did remove most of the oil and made her hair smell better, although of course it wasn't as nice as an actual shampoo.  However, when you don't have a choice about being able to shower, this is a good option.  She felt better just having her hair somewhat clean and brushed after a week of lying there.I would recommend this if you are caring for someone who can't take a regular shower or bath, but wouldn't recommend it for a way to skip shampooing if you're able to shampoo."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried allot of these types of products (should mention I'm a hair stylist & can get many hair products at half price or less) & even the so called \"expensive brand named ones\" to me I hated. They all stunk & looked like I dumped a bottle of baby powder all over my hair. With allot of good reviews on here I decided to give this one a whirl. Loved it! Yes, you do have to lather it until your hair is pretty wet but it WORKS (for me anyways) & I have very fine/kind of oily hair. Sure beats washing it every day & styling it over & over each day. Not to mention doing that every day really drys out & damages it. This doesn't. I recommend it for sure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I brought this camping and both guys and gals used this.  It smells fresh, like you've taken a shower with regular shampoo, feels refreshing when going on.  The directions say to soak your hair, massage it in and then towel dry. I have a lot of hair but still have a decent amount left (it was used by 5 adults).  It does make your hair look smooth and it does make if feel like there's product in your hair (like gel) but it's much, much better than going without a shower."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This lipstick really stays on for a full day and probably longer if you don't take it off at night before sleeping. It also stays on coffee cups, spoons, etc. through a dishwasher cycle so check carefully when unloading the dishes to be put away or your house will look like a bad restaurant. I use Neutrogena eye make-up remover to remove it at night and I have read that some people use baby oil. If you want to go all day without worrying about your lipstick, this is the product for you. Sometimes I wonder what exactly is in it to make it stay on so long, but it's probably better for my peace of mind not to know."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried a lot of lip products, but this is the only one I rave about. The color really lasts a long time - like, I'll put it on in the morning and it will still look great at the end of the day. Like I can eat, kiss, drink, and I'm still the only one wearing lipstick. Like, I'll still be wearing lipstick after a shower.It doesn't get stiff or cakey, and I can just add some gloss to freshen it up. The only things I've noticed is that it doesn't work well with Burt's Bees or other waxy lip balms - it can get lumpy if you use chapstick over it.  Gloss seems to be fine. Also, it can be a P in the A to get off at the end of the night, so often I will look extra terrible in the morning if I'm too lazy to scrub at it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "...I need a wider selection, or at least a few more color choices, in the Warm category. BUT I will say, this lipcolor wears very well. Use, when not using this product, the best available lipcare/lipbalm you can afford, however, especially overnight. Otherwise, you will probably get dry lips. I live in Colorado, so I know. ANYWAY, the colors: Scarlett is a very COOl red. I am a redhead/auburn-head with gold highlights and pale, warm-undertoned skin. I can't wear cool lip colors without looking drained and sick. So, I'm disappointed with the Scarlett and one of the other paler colors of which I cannot remember the name. I am ordering the whatever Coral color now. I'm doing this online because local drugstores are often not fully stocked with all or most of the colors in this product line."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For a lip gloss, the pigmentation and staying power is pretty great. Once it dries, it stays put and doesn't feel sticky (no more hair sticking to your lips on a windy day!).Just a head's up: it seems to form a plasticky coating on your lips that tends to peel/flake off, instead of just fade away. If I gently rub my lips together when wearing this, it literally forms little clumps that flake off. I wouldn't recommend this for people who tend to have dry lips. If that doesn't bother you, go ahead and give this a try."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I generally do pretty well with Eucerin products, but unfortunately, this just wasn't it. When I first put it on, I noticed the smell, exactly like sunscreen, and my face (which is already pale) looked like a ghost. It turned my skin white! And I reeked of sunscreen.The biggest disappointment from this product was one of its ingredients: sulfate. If you are sensitive to sulfates in the smallest way, this product will definitely dry out your skin. My skin started flaking off after two weeks of using this lotion, and definitely improved when I stopped. Instead of moisturizing it like it claims to do, it did the complete opposite.Overall, this was disappointing. My skin looked flaky, white, and smelled like sunscreen. There are definitely better moisturizers out on the market."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I usually use the Q10 w/o the spf and wanted to try the one with spf because I'm starting retin-A but they didn't sell it.. so I decided to give this one a try. I have pretty dry skin. It gets pretty flaky in the winter time so I need something that will moisturize deeply. This face moisturizer penetrates my skin to where it isn't flaky anymore yet it doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy/oily. I can wear it under make up and my skin looks super smooth all day. I'm also prone to ocassional break outs and haven't had any problems with them so I like this product a lot. Fragrance free is also a plus."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product feels okay on the skin but leaves a highly visible white film on the skin.  I'm not sure if it is apparent on other races but it is very noticeable on African American skin tones. It looks like I've applied cheap foundation shades too light on my face.I cannot wear it outdoors in front of people during the day (and I'm cheap! :) ) so I use it as my night time moisturizer before bed. Imagine using an SPF moisturizer only to bed...Will not repurchase once I've used it all."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a great value and offers great protection.I have very fair skin and I'm often frustrated when selecting moisturizers... anything above SPF 15 is either expensive or just regular, old sunblock.And then I found this! It's reasonably priced and offers SPF 30. Even more importantly, it's &#34;broad spectrum&#34;, which means it protects from rays that cause sunburn AND wrinkles and cancer. (Although BEWARE: Eucerin's similarly packaged body lotion with SPF 15 is NOT broad spectrum - BAD EUCERIN!)Previously, I used Olay, but couldn't find a higher SPF.I have VERY sensitive skin. Derms always recommend Cetaphil at the bargain end for skin like mine, and that even gave me a terrible rash. Even around the eye area, I'm able to use this moisturizer with no clogged pores or irritation.It's the best I've tried and I've tried all the usual drugstore suspects. I hope it stays on shelves for a long time!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only sun screen moisturizer that I can find that features the physical combination of zinc oxide and titanium dioxide to provide true broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection without potentially harmful chemicals with adverse effects (like oxybenzone and octinoxate, which interfere with reproductive hormones and metabolism). Unlike chemical agents, physical agents are not susceptible to being absorbed into the skin after they are broken down by the sun. The product initially has a white tint, as if it doesn't have very good consistency, but this fades away within several minutes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I live in a very sunny desert area, and this lotion has worked great as my daily UV protection.  Does not make your face look greasy, and has no scent, so folks cannot even tell I have it on.  When I used it in a more humid environment, however, it did sweat off into my eyes fairly readily. So not recommended as your primary protection for sports or swimming, and be ready for it to sweat off and sting your eyes in more hot and humid climes.  But for drier areas, works great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's okay. It moisturizes. It feels a bit oily but that might just be my skin. It is light which I like. Also, I like the bottle because one pump is exactly how much I need. However, it smells like a sunscreen. Also, It looks and feels like a sunscreen to some extent. It is not a real problem, but I don't especially like it particularly because, like sunscreen, it leaves your face tinted white before it settles it . I'll probably try something different when I'm done with these two bottles. The only good thing about the sunscreen likeness is that it is SPF 30 which is really good, however; I'm not sure whether I should reapply it after 2 hours of being in the sun like most sunscreens or just leave it. I wouldn't recommend it unless you're looking for a sunscreen."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first read THE PROPHET in college back in the 60's. The book had a revival as did anything metaphysical in the turbulent 60's. It had a profound effect on me and became a book I always took with me. After graduation I joined the Peace Corps and during stressful training in country (Liberia) at times of illness and the night before I left, this book gave me great comfort. I read it before I married, just before and again after my children were born and again after two near fatal illnesses. I am always amazed that there is a chapter that reaches out to you, grabs you and offers both comfort and hope for the future.Gibran offers timeless insights and love with each word. I think that we as a nation should read AND learn the lessons here. It is definitely a time for thought and reflection this book could guide us through."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I discovered The Prophet fifty years ago in college and have read it dozens of times since then.  Now, in addition to my beat up hard copy, I have a portable e-copy.  If you were looking for an example of an intelligently designed (pun intended) book of spiritual guidance, this would be it.  It doesn't care how you picture, name or define &#34;God&#34; or whether you give him a gender and a personality.  It just cuts to the heart of how to live and how to relate to others.  If Jesus and the Buddha teamed up to write a book, it might come out like this.When I first read it, I found some passages difficult to grasp.  Looking back, I now think that it was not because they were hard to understand, but because I did not want to hear gently spoken, intelligently phrased ideas that contradicted my own.  Now, if I could have only one book, this would probably be it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the best, most inspiring philosophy/poetry books ever written!  I have read it over and over, though never tire of it.  It is a great reminder for what's most important in life and puts everything in perspective.  My favorite 'chapters' are Love, Marriage, Children and The first look. I am a romantic though, so the other chapters may appeal to you more....;-)  Absolutely classic and timeless.  Perfectly stands the test of time. My personal copy is from 1948 and is one of my favorite treasures."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is Gibran's most celebrated work and it is so with goodreason.  It is a profound insight and expose into the human characterand the emotions that work within the heart and soul.  Humble words,seared with the heights and depths of love and of pain, this is a life-changing arrangement of words.  If I had to sum the book up in one word, it would be &quot;SUBLIME.&quot; If you're picking up this title, be sure to order Gibran's 'The Beloved' to go along with it. These are books that deserve a worthy and permanent place on your bookshelf."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was great; each chapter was a nugget of wisdom, resulting in a treasure trove by the end. It's no wonder this book is called a classic. Gibran uses a literary style inspired by the Bible, but it is still easy to read. Has a lot of philosophical ideas that I'm sure I will revisit in the future. Seems like one of those books that you learn something new every time you reread it. Definitely recommend, especially for anyone new to philosophy reading because it is short and easy to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A decade past, I knew very little about the writer/artist/poet/prophet, Kahlil Gibran. I am happy to say, that today, I am well acquainted with his work. The Prophet was the first book I read written by Gibran, and ever since that first reading I have immersed myself in his extraordinarily consummate skill of exquisitely crafted words. To say the Prophet or any other writings by Kahlil Gibran is simply fine literature is to say the mysterious of the soul are mediocre. I recommend that if you have not touched upon any of Kahlil Gibran's books, that you consider the Prophet as a good start. You will not be disappointed. A few other extraordinary works of art by Gibran: The Voice Of The Master; The Beloved; Sand And Foam; The Broken Wings; Between Night And Morn; The Earth Gods; and one of my personal favorites, though not so much a \"story,\" but rather a collection of personal letters to dearly beloved friends: Kahlil Gibran: A Self-Portrait."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Gibran Khalil Gibran was born in 1883 in what is now Northern Lebanon.  In 1909 he went to Paris to study, but he did not like the strict education, and so he traveled, eventually moving to New York.  Gibran became both an artist and a writer, and in 1923 he published \"The Prophet\", which is generally considered to be his greatest work.  He died of cancer in a New York hospital at the very young age of 48.The Prophet is a story about Almustafa (The Prophet) who after living 12 years in Orphalese is about to depart aboard ship to return to his home.  Before he goes, a group of people stop him, and to them he teaches the secrets of life.  Gibran writes in a very poetic manner, and it is wonderful to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Okay I know that Gibhran is supposed to be corny and cliched and assosciated with the hippy movement of the 60's.It does not mean that he also isn't still relevant to anyone seeking answers to what life is about. The set up is simple - as a prophet takes his leave of the people with whom he has stayed for many years, he is asked a series of questions, \"tell us of friendship, of love, of work, of death\". And to each question the prophet provides an answer.For me the message that the prophet provides is that life is not easy and that the greatest joys can only be achieved by risking and enduring great sorrow.But that is only what I took from Gibran and his prophet. Read and take your own message from his words."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Khalil Gibran's book, The Prophet, has the power to transform the darkest feeling of pain in your heart into great release. What a blessing that it exists. Each passage touches on a deep and universal topic (marriage, friendship, etc).  The words, spoken profoundly and clearly from the mouth of the mystic and insightful prophet, who has nothing but words of wisdom to impart to those who gather around him, is a truly life affirming and transformative experience.  Please read this today. It will give you insight on the sacred aspects of all life choices and experiences that exist in the world."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jubran Kahlil Jubran had a teacher make a mistake on his name and wrote down 'Kahlil Gibran' as when he arrived here from Lebanon which was still part of the Ottoman Empire he went by Gibran Kahlil Gibran. His poetry is as timeless as his view towards life and the world at large - everyone was his friend! One passage  &#34;Half of what I say is meaningless, but I say it so that the other half may reach you&#34; was used by John Lennon in the white album on a tune called &#34;Julia &#34;."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Residing in my mind are the words of a true poet.  I was given the book THE PROPHET by my best friend when I was young.  It has followed me through my life and has filled me with the emotions and practical thought I needed to guide me through the smooth and rough waters of my life.  I gave this copy of Kahil Gibran's book to a young lady with the hope she will enjoy it the rest of her life.  Thank you Amazon for having this wonderful work of art available to all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was given this book by a writer friend who called it &quot;the most beautiful book I've ever read.&quot; So, since she and I have similar literary tastes, I was inclined to read it. This little book, written in a rich, colorful, deep, and wise poetic style, is full of some of the most moving and impressive spiritual phrases and messages I've ever read. It was written in 1923 but its poetry and wisdom are timeless.David Rehakauthor of &quot;Poems From My Bleeding Heart&quot;"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is poetic myth,a work of beauty,whose every word drips a truth,and a thought of knowledge.Reading it is like swimming in realitybut a reality I have not known,till now.Kahlil Kahlil Gibran knew something we did not,he shared a bit of the wonder of simplicity.Though this is merely the preaching of a Prophet,Gibran is able to turn it into story,and I feel from the gut for all the characters.The Prophet is unsurpassed in form,in content best when speaking of beauty,in ways I had never known,and weakest when speaking of prayer.Certainly Gibran relies on the story of Jesus,and throughout there are allusions to his wordsand actions.But this is a new prophet,who speaks the words of old,though it be in new wineskin."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Reading a classic such as &quot;The Prophet&quot; is much more fruitful when it is revisited often, the lessons are applied and the reader reads as if Gibran is writing only to him or her.Sitting with this book in your hands can be like sitting across from Gibran, listening to him speak.  The accompanying art work also by Gibran gives it yet another rich element and peek into the soul of this incredible writer.Listen, embrace and breathe in these words.Open your mind and heart to The Prophet."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), the Lebanese-American poet and mystic never wrote anything finer than this 1923 volume, his masterwork. Had he written nothing before or beyond THE PROPHET, he would still be remembered into perpetuity.Each brief chapter of THE PROPHET addresses an aspect of the human condition, including Love, Marriage, Work, Pleasure, Buying and Selling, Children, Eating and Drinking, to name but a few. Gibran espouses no particular religious, ethical or moral system, and yet includes them all in this slim tome, written it seems, with a quill of light, not ink.A Higher Power (by whatever name you may call it) spoke through Gibran in the writing, a perfect letter to the ages, and an ultimate expression of Humanity."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have been reading The Prophet every year for over a decade. Or intending to. It's an incredible read. If I'm having issues in my life, I read the section that relates to my problem and it helps clarify things somewhat. It is a divinely inspired piece of work, and can be read in one setting. There is pretty much nothing that he doesn't cover in the book that can't be related to your own life. I bought the ebook version so I could have easier access. It's a book for everyone."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first became aware of Kahlil Gibran when I read a poem of his that was on the menu at my favorite Lebanese restaurant. Ever since then, I have sought out his books.  The Prophet is my favorite.  Several of the  &quot;poems&quot; or passages are fully relevant to parts of my life.  The  book makes one feel good and inspired to do good for others.  There is  barely an aspect on life that the poems do not touch on-love, marriage,  death and all of our own insecurities and doubts about people and life.  This would be a good book to give to a friend who is going through a rough  time, or just has unanswered questions at a certain point in their lives.  The writing is lucid, insightful, and will be relevant for as long as time  goes on.The drawings add to an already great work.  At my favorite Lebanese  restaurant, I not only found good food-I thankfully found Kahlil Gibran."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Gibran wrote the ultimate way of seeing life and living in it. the importance of each relationship. The book was written to be relatable to every reader, all the subjects are mondain. The availability of this book is a great advantage that I don't think people are aware of. It's an hour long to read, but a lifetime to understand, if you read it you'll remember it in every new life matter or relationship.Buy it and keep it on the shelve for reference, it's an answer to everything. and read it carefully."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was given to me as a gift before I journeyed overseas on a  spiritual quest to &quot;find myself.&quot; I never got a chance to read it  until one month after I was there and I had lost my job, my relationship  was very unsteady, and being so far form home, I felt completely isolated.  After skipping around the book and reading sections that immediately  pertained to me at that point, I cried, not out of sadness, but out of  enlightenment...Gibran wrote his experiences,and his thoughts on life, but  they are such detailed poetic accounts, it applies to everyone at some  time, his writings have layers, and therefore this book can be read many  times over, and each time a new understanding will come. &quot;Your pain is  the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding...&quot;"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My intention here is to comment on the quality of this reading, rather than the timeless content, the quality of which is well known.I very much enjoyed Paul Sparer's reading. I found his rich bass voice and eloquent style ideal for Gibran and very pleasing to listen to. Unlike another reviewer, I was not at all distracted by the music; in fact, I barely noticed it. Taste in such things is a personal issue, and for what it's worth, this reading very much suits my tastes."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The prevailing popularity of Gibran's PROPHET lies in only one secret: he writes his poems with readers in his mind. The compassionate poet I come to know through his lines, Gibran did not write to impress, shock or confuse but to communicate truth with highest poetic beauty. THE PROPHET addresses 27 essential subjects of life that concerns everyone - love, freedom, children, work, self-knowledge, friendship, time, beauty, death to name a few. I have this book for many years but this is a kind of poetry that ripens with time and each time you take a sip, it still surprises you with refreshing revelations. Also recommended are his less known books, A TEAR AND A SMILE, SAND AND FOAM and THE GARDEN OF THE PROPHET."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As he (the \"prophet\") awaits the ship that will return him to his home country after fourteen years of being absent, he begins providing answers in colorful parables to questions raised by the occupants of the city he has temporarily made his home.  We follow this spiritual man as the loving townspeople seek him out for wisdom.  There is ultimately great sadness when he departs.I would describe these writings as poetic, philosophic prose for daily spiritual living.  There are many sound words, with a relaxed style, and a somewhat universalistic belief.  It is okay.Lord's blessingsScott"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If I have ever read a book that is timeless, other than the Word of God, it would have to be this one.  Although I may not have agreed with every word written, so many of the words of wisdom within these pages brought peace and comfort to me.I read this book many, many years ago.  I quoted from it at times and thought of it often. The words seemed to wrap themselves around your heart and spring out in times of need. There are not many books that can stake that claim, and I have read many.A classic in my opinion and a book that will never be outdated.Recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I know Beryl Bainbrige is a great writer but...this was my first Bainbridge novel and I didn't enjoy it very much. Am I not getting it? I have so many questions unanswered by this book. Why were Dr. Potter and Myrtle suffering through the Crimean war when they didn't have to be there? Was it Myrtle's utter devotion that kept her there? Why was Potter there? Were they camp followers? Also, did Myrtle bear Georgie and his wife's children for them because the wife couldn't? Or am I dreaming? There seems so much allusion in this book and I feel dumb for not getting what the other reviewers are getting from it. For me, it wasn't clear or easy to follow and I am not a stupid person. I'm a bit disappointed but will try another book of hers and hope that I will enjoy it more.."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The news of the death of Beryl Bainbridge last year made me want to read books by a very accomplished writer. In our book club we chose to read Master Georgie.This was a great disappointment. We should have asked for advice on what books to read. The book was nominated for the Booker prize in 1998, but did not win the award.While there is an interesting historical episode as the background, and there were different viewpoints, the reader never feels that this is a book that must be read. At times it seemed disjointed. There were narratives from different characters, but that style did not feel the gaps. Different narratives normally means the reader gets an insight into an event from different perspectives. This did not happen.So need to read other books to appreciate the greatness of Beryl Bainbridge"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finished this book as fast as I could. I felt the author was on another wavelength to the reader. I didn't care that the story was about this Georgie fellow. He seemed peripheral and the written perspective on him  oblique. The writing was good and I may try some other of the authors works  but the plot was feeble. Try Pat McCabe's breakfast on Pluto for energy and  a raw story or Ian McEwan's Amsterdam for a page turner with a plot of some  interest. Thumbs down for this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "In a revolving first person narrative, three people who are close to George narrate the events of their mid-nineteenth century life. These narrations center around photographs taken at certain points. Through the course of the novel the idea of an image taken is made increasingly more complex as is the mystery of George who is most often portrayed idealistically as a man of high knowledge and wisdom. Through the carefully written language of the narrative, there are surprisingly human incidents and facts revealed that are startlingly human. These are placed in the frame of the historical context leading to the war between England and Russia. The gruesome events of the war that follow strip each of the three characters of their pretence and leaves them yearning for the image of their lost ideal, Master George. This is a fascinating experiment in looking at ways of perception, the identities they fashion for people and the personal impact of assumptions about other people's identities."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was attracted to this mesmerizing novel by its meditations on 19th century photography, Victorian middle-class hypocrisy and the Crimean War. Photography binds this brief novel together and Bainbridge revels in its  historical and metaphorical possibilities. She organizes her chapters  around photographs, which makes the reader immediately aware that she/he is  to infer meaning from this practice and speculate on the role of  photography in determing what and how we see and remember. Bainbridge is  very sensitive to and aware of 19th century photography: its use during the  Crimean War (the first war that photographs were taken of), connection to  both science and magic, and the practice of post-mortem photography. The  reader does have to work to explore the themes suggested by the author, but  her historical grounding, lucid prose and rich subject make the effort  worthwhile."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is well written and very organized. The author did an excellent job of explaining a complicated subject and I was surprised at how easy it was to read. It was so interesting and informative that couldn't put the book down once I started to read it. I purchased four more books of different titles and read them with the same ease. It's not that the subject is any easy read but it was so clearly explained and flowed very nicely as it untangled many questions that I had concerning prophecy. I purchased this title for a friend of mine and highly recommend this book to anyone interested in Bible prophecy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "ISBN 0394826922 - I'd already read and reviewedI'll Teach My Dog a Lot of Words (Bright & Early Board Books(TM))when this, the unabridged version, fell into my lap. While I think the shorter, abridged version is a great introduction, this is what you want those little readers building up to!A young, faceless, pet owner plans to teach his dog 100 words, impressing the entire town - including the mayor. Simple words like \"walk\" and \"beg\" are only the beginning of the plan. He also intends to teach him \"stand on Uncle Abner's thumb\" and \"paint the road from here to there\"... Plans, however, are one thing; getting started is quite another.Author Michael Firth is fantastic, as usual, with simple language made extraordinarily fun. P. D. Eastman's illustrations are perfect - they're fun and funny and complement the text. Kids will laugh and learn and that, to be honest, is who we're really interested in teaching!- AnnaLovesBooks"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoy reading these books with my 2YO. The words are short, the illustrations are entertaining and the story doesn't drag on to bore him. He is able to turn the pages and tell me the story by just looking at the pictures! He is especially fascinated by the animals- goose, moose, mouse, pig...and always giggles at &#34;kick the stone&#34;- for whatever reason. Lol.I am completely happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend this as an addition to any toddler's bookshelf!If you do buy this and it's a hit, consider alsoGo, Dog! Go!Are you my mother?Big Dog, Little Dog"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book as a child and now I love it for my own daughter.I have vivid memories of a time when I could just newly read and barely count ...staying up well past my bedtime, writing down all the words that were new to the dog (i.e. not counting \"a\" more than once) and trying to count them to see if the book really had 100 words (it did!).  It was that engaging.  I remember it took me hours, and then when my mom caught me still awake, I lied and told her I had just woken up.The point in that is that as a small child, I found this book so intriguing that I was reading, writing, and counting for fun, well past my bedtime.  As an adult, I love the wit.  As a parent, I love that I get to share the childlike love for it all over again.This is such a fun book with real learning potential too.  Love it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is quite funny.  Especially when you read it fast as I'm always requested to do.  How fast can you read, \"big brown bear, blue babboon, beautiful babboon blowing bubbles, biking backward, bump black bug's banana boxes...\" And and it goes from there!  It's really fun to read aloud and plus it's easy for little ones to memorize.  A very cute book, and a very easy way to teach the letter 'b'.  Great book - ours gets taken to bed!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Although Amazon advertises this book for ages 4-8, my wife and I started reading this and other Stan and Jan Berenstain books to our children from 18 months and up. Always a delight, our kids would laugh at the silliness while learning a lesson about life. We started a great habit of reading two or three books before bed, and the kids loved them. Soon, they would memorize many of the phrases, beginning a lifelong passion for reading.Every kid should experience reading books by the Berenstains while growing up. The characters are well developed, the rhyming phrases help kids become enthusiastic about reading, and the messages about life make them think.  Bears On The Moon got my son and daughter asking questions about space and interested in the great beyond.  Combine this with other fun Berenstain Bear books and your kids will sit enthralled as you turn the pages. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Set in the early decades of the 20th century through World War I in Onatrio, Canada and France, Deafening is two stories - the coming of age of young Grania struck totally deaf by scarlet fever at the age of 5, and what's like living with deafness - the second story the experience of her husband Jim in World War II France where most don't survive the battlefield, and what it's like for Grania and the other families back home.A multilayered story filled with the harsh realities of the world of the deaf and the world of the battlefield, and the compassion,  love and strength of the human spirit to overcome.  Itani is a wonderful writer who gets inside each of these worlds and let the reader have his and her own experience. We become involved in the lives of her characters and we feel their joys and sorrows."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wanted to like this book, but I expected a lot, and found it a disappointment.  The first half about Grania's struggles with learning how to communicate and trying to fit in with her family and friends was interesting and new perspective, even though a bit slow at times and not always that compelling.  As far as the second half, I have read other books that have dealt with the horrors of WWI, and this one offered not one new perspective or new point of view or descriptions.  I didn't see how it added to the story at all, and at this point in the book I really wished I wasn't reading it, but I guess some part of me wanted to find out what happened, and I felt that the ending was a let down.  Mostly, I feel that this topic could have been really, really engrossing, new, and compelling, but the book's lackluster plot and storytelling left me flat.  I won't recommend this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed &#34;The Deafening.&#34;  I read it after reading another book by Itani which I really enjoyed.  Like most Americans I don't know as much about Canada as I should.  The novel grabbed my attention at the beginning and held it to the end.  It also made me feel so lucky that I have my hearing.  The scenes of the hardships of the men fighting WW1 were difficult to read, but that is war and I think it is something we all should think about."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It is only March and I have already voted this book for my Book of the Year Award, which I normally select toward the end of the year.  This book was beautifully written.  You could see the human emotions coming through the characters and it made me want to keep turning the pages to see what was going to happen.  You feel both sorrow and joy in the characters.  Frances Itani knows the human heart and displays it so well on paper.  Great job!  I am going to make this book a part of my permanent library."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book, though long, chronicles an amazing lady for any historical period, but especially Victorian times.  Her wealth, influence and encouragement made wonderful human rights progress in Tasmania, formerly Van Diemen's Land, as well as in her native England.  After her captain husband was deemed lost in his search for the Northwest Passage, she spent over 20 years and millions of dollars searching for answers to what happened to him and his expedition.  In the process she made significant progress and discoveries.  A world traveller when most women rarely left there own local home areas, Lady Franklin is an inspiration for the ages.  The 'revenge' refers not only to her quest to exonerate the false slandering of Lord Franklin's good name and works, but also her victory over a harsh environment of frozen waste.  An amazing read of one amazing lady."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I cannot begin to explain how much I have fallen in love with this novel.  I've never been so entertained, intrigued, horrified and ultimately satisfied by a book.  Each character had so much to offer to the story.  I slowed down as I neared the end knowing I had to say good-bye to Jacob, Marlena and Rosie (the smiling elephant!).  I will definitely go to the nearest bookstore and give Gruen's earlier novels a try.  This is by far the best book I have read in a long time.  I am recommending it to everyone I know!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was the first ever book that i had read, when i first got my kindle. To put it simply it a good nice read. The story line is nice the characters are well developed and have strong qualities. Really theres nothing i could put in words what this book mad me feel. Thats what i look for in a good book. How the story makes me feel how the characters an i respond emotionally towards on an other. When i read i feel as i the story comes to life. And thats what i got out of this book the story came to life so freely and beautifully and th characters showed so muh emotian so much heart that what really made it special. So do yourself a favor and read this book"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't sure about this book after some of the reviews, etc. I guess the whole circus thing wasn't of interest to me, and so I put off buying this title for months. But last week, I gave in when it was listed at a phenomenal price. And I have to say, I loved it!It is by far the best thing I have read on my Kindle. Exciting, romantic, adventurous and slightly sorrowful at times. The characters were unforgettable. I adore Jacob at age 21 (and age 93) and he is a wonderful protagonist. This book is about circus life and the tragedy of a young man, but it is a love story as well. It is also filled with creatures great and small. So would I recommend this? Yes... because Water For Elephants is fabulous."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm going to be careful here, because I don't want to spoil anything for potential readers.  Let me just say it is a great book, sometimes disturbing, but often funny and charming, or filled with action.  It also has a good bit of grit and tenacity in the main character.  It is a look inside a unique community that you wouldn't get a chance to view this close if you weren't being \"escorted\" by  one of their own.  You may be tempted to stop reading at some point if you are an excessively tender soul, however hang in there.  All you need to know for now is this, it is a fresh well-written book that you will love and ends in a good way so, have no fear of it and enjoy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am very interested in the time period of this story and setting. I am refreshed by their hard times, their often cruel lives and how they could even make it from day to day. There was one moment early in the book, I almost laid it down and didn't pick it up for it was so oppressive to me. I am an avid animal lover so I felt a double punch to the gut. Yes, I cried. Overall, it was a journey, through hard times...but you know what? They made it, and will continue."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Since I've never written a review on Amazon, you can bet it would take one heck of a book to get me to do it. Water for Elephants is that book. I buy a LOT of books, and with most of them I'm left feeling dissatisfied. But with this book I read it over a weekend and just tore through it. Solid writing, thorough research, believable characters, and a great story. I just love this book! As a fan of HBO's Carnivale, it reminded me a lot of that series, but make no mistake, this is NOT a derivative work. I'm just hoping that Gruen will return to this universe in the near future and give us another installment."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have not seen the movie and was not sure how I'd like a book about the circus but a lot of people recommended this novel and it got great reviews so I gave it a try. It was beautifully written with vivid imagery. How could you not fall in love with Jacob? How could you not be enterained with the stories about the circus? How could you not be enthralled with Marlena and Jacob's secret love? I really enjoyed reading it, in fact I could not put it down and it only took me a week to read it. I think this is a story anyone could enjoy, and the author did an amazing job with her research about everything from the circus to the prohibition. The parts about the old man got kind of depressing but there was a happy ending for all at the end. Highly recommended. Lovely read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "In addition to writing an engaging story that offers a glimpse into a fascinating world foreign to most of us, Ms. Gruen shows herself to be a master \"architect\" with this novel, crafting a story that flows seamlessly between two radically different eras in her protagonist's life. The book starts with a flashback, so you know at some point it's going to bring us back to the opening scene. But Ms. Gruen does so in such a surprising and unexpected way, with a twist that left my jaw on the floor. It's not an exaggeration to say I was stunned.With Riding Lessons and Flying Changes, Ms. Gruen proved she was capable of writing good commercial fiction.With Water For Elephants, she proves herself capable of writing a great American novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book when it first came out, because of the exceptional reviews I read.  I have never finished this book.  I started it, shelved it, read three books, went back to it and I just could not foster up enough interest to continue reading.  The story line is uninteresting and the characters were dull. I finally accepted that I would not likely ever to read it; so I tried to sell the book back to the store. The book store did not accept it because this item was not moving from the shelves!  It was definitely not worth the money I spent on this item."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With the making of a Film based on this book and all of the rave reviews about it, I guess I had high expectations.  Don't get me wrong, I found most of it entertaining, but I think the story lacked in its development, and I never figured out why religion was ever even brought up among the characters in the earlier part of the book, when it apparently had nothing to do with the plot. The ending was also a bit of a let-down because it was just too \"happily ever after\" for me.The funny thing is that I'm not a big fan of Circuses in general, but surprisingly, I found the source material to be rather fascinating,  So, if anything, this book will propel me to look into more historical reading material on Circuses from the 19th century to the turn of the 20th Century."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've had this book for two years and only just read it last week.  Why did I wait so long???  This truely is a gem.  You feel like you know all the characters, and the ones you don't know so well are introduced with enough hints and inuendos that you can easily imagine their colorful pasts.  I fell in love with the elephant.  She brought a wonderfully odd twist to the story.And as for the author, I was half way through the book before I paid attention to the jacket picture and realised that it was a female. She wrote exactly as a man would tell the story.  The elderly Jacob was perfectly portrayed.  She has obviously been around very old people and knows how they act and react to all kinds of situations.I truely did not want the story to end."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed this book.  I had seen the movie first, and had great expectations for the book.the only negative thing i have about it was the terrible editing it was like it was hurried onto the kindle, or the software had a bug in it - lots of the letter \"i\" missing from the middle of words, every time the word \"thanks\" was written it was missing the \"h\" (tanks).  also lots of 1/2 and 1/4 in the middle of sentences for nothing, and sometimes numbers replaced letters or vice versa.Apart from navigating through annoying roadbumps of typos, the actual story itself is quite touching.there is also a lot of differences from the movie, but i can see where and why those changes were made to get it on the big screen."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story helped me in gaining a better understanding of what it is to be elderly.  The audio version is narrated by two men, both are meant to be the main character, one voice representing his twenties and the other is in his nineties.  It certainly isn't centered around being of an advanced age, but as a side story, it was still very clear.I was pleasantly surprised by my conflicted response to the story.  On the one hand, his lamentations over being at the end of his life made me sad; on the other hand, he was funny and his life was a full one, giving him many wonderful memories.My advice to a prospective listener or reader?  If you are bored with the first chapter, hang in there, it picks up and is worth getting to the end."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had heard a lot of positive comments on this book for a while and thought I would see for myself what all the praise was about.  Well this book deserves 5 stars and more.  It is really a book that will stay with you for a while.  I know it will be among my all time favorites, as well it should.  The writer has done an excellent job fleshing out the people and you almost feel as if you know them personally or have dealt with people like time in real life.  The depression was deep in the US when the story is introduced.  Life can hand out a lot of hard knocks, even to animals.  I really never thought about that aspect of life before. I am very happy I had the opportunity to read this book.  I delayed reading it many times because frankly the title put me off.  Then I remembered to never judge a book by it's title."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book.  And to think it was the first from Sara Gruen at that. This is a book that spawned the movie of the same name.  I saw the movie first, then read the book, then saw the movie again. As often happens, the book provides much more color than the movie ever could. For instance, the owner of the circus, Big Al, is shown in the movie in only one scene for a moment giving approval for a purchase.  Sara researched the subject of &#34;train circuses&#34; in detail.  The cruel practices common during the depression to stay in business are shocking, but make riveting reading as the backdrop for this story of growing up, awakening, and goal-seeking.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel tells the story of a man who is now old and struggling with health problems. A carnival comes to town and he remembers the amazing life he once had. I loved the ending the most and hated when characters died. The story itself was believable and the characters complex. This book is not for children and can leave you quite depressed at certain points. Other than that [and that's more of an observation than a complaint] this is a solid read. If the characters didn't die this would've been a 5."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story takes place during the Great Depression.  It is a love story, but also a story about life with a traveling circus and all the rawness and crudeness that goes along with being part of the Benzini Brothers Most Spectacular Show on Earth as remembered by Jacob Jankowski.  Normally, I'd much rather do my own reading, however David LeDoux and John Randolph Jones did an excellent job; the ninety-something-year-old Jacob was especially enjoyable.  When he read, I felt as if I were sitting next to him in the nursing home listening to his amazing story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow!  I picked this up to read on the airplane to & from Las Vegas.  I wound up finishing it while on my trip.Gruen is a wonderful story teller, you can tell she researched extensively for this novel.  While it's not a book really about a circus, that is the main setting for most of the book.  I really thought it would be a book all about Carnie Folk.  How far from the truth was I?!The story is told from the view of an ageing circus vet, which is different to begin with.  One would think that these types of stories would be told from performer's points of view & while that would be interesting, Jacob's POV is just as intriguing as another other's would have been.It's a great short read that's captivating & spellbinding."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "First I must mention that I love books that take you to a time and place that you have no knowledge about and in this case it's circus life in the first half of the 1900's. It was fascinating to read what life was like in those days for those who worked in the circus, from performers to the labors. As for the book itself I did enjoy it, but I wouldn't call it a page turner and often in the first quarter of the book I thought about just putting the book down and starting something else a little more exciting to read. However the farther into the book I got the more I started to care about the characters the more invested in the book I became. In the end I was very glad I continued to read the book and now I can say I would recommend the book to friends."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The story line is simple, man meets girl, falls in love and must get past all obsticles in the way of their love BUT I loved the descriptions of all the characters, time and events. ie.traveling circus. I do not think the idea was so original.ie boy meets girl, ect. but the research that the author put into the circus idea was just great. I actually felt like I learned something about a life I would never had even thought to learn anything about. I would definatley look for more titles from this author because her research and time put into her characters and themes is fantastic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was extremely happy with every aspect of this book until, in one of the final chapters, when Uncle Al tells Jacob that August is a paranoid schizophrenic, or as he puts it, a \"paragon schizophonic\".  After reading this, there seemed to me to be simply too many similarities with an older novel I read in 2006, William Styron's modern classic SOPHIE'S CHOICE.  A beautiful Catholic woman and a handsome Jewish man who fight a lot due to the man's schizophrenia, another younger man who is new to their 'group' who has feelings for the woman...sex...death...the only dfference seems to be the circus setting and the fact that in this, the woman DOESN'T die and ends up married to the new, younger man.  A nice book, but not extremely original, at least not in the romantic storyline."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What took me so long to discover this book?  I hadn't heard about it from anyone, just found it during a \"browse.\"  I've been looking for a good read for so long and \"Water for Elephants\" was right there the whole time.  I can't wait to read Sara Gruen's other books and when I finish them, her new one should be available.  She brings to life the good, the bad and the ugly of the circus world and her characters are vivid and full of life.  I found myself completely engrossed in the characters and falling in love with the main animals.  I couldn't wait to get to the next page...and the end was worth the whole trip.  For me it was one of those books that I was sorry to finish.  Thank you, Sara Gruen, for the beautiful journey."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book! I found it very easy to read and get lost in the story. I liked how it was told from present-day Jacob's view looking back on his life. This helped me understand what type of man he was. I felt like I was there will him throughout this story. The setting of the Great Depression made the struggles and triumphs mean so much more. I found all the main characters; Jacob, August, Marlena, Walter, and even the elephant, Rosie, to be extremely poignant, especially when you remember the story is told from an elderly Jacob. The transitions from \"memories\" to \"current day\" Jacob were very smooth and I didn't feel distracted or lost during these changes. If you love a romance novel with hero and heroine, then you must read this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I downloaded this book, I honestly didn't expect much more than a nice way to pass some time.  I really underestimate this little gem.  Once I picked it up I found it hard to put down.  In fact, I stayed up past my bedtime to finish it, but it was worth the extra cup of coffee I had to have the next morning.Without going into any details about the story itself (there's more than enough other reveiws to do that), I'll start by saying I was almost immediately endeared with the main charachters, which is a testament to the writing abilities of the author.  I laughed and cried with the characters, and was genuinely sad to see some of them go.While the ending was more than a little predictable, it was still a good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What can I say, this book moved me. I saw the movie and put off reading the book, the movie wasn't bad but didn't inspire me to start reading.  Wow, am I glad I did! The transitions from depression time to the present left me breathless. The expertly told story played with all my emotions.  Left me with a renewed appreciation for the difficult times my parents and grandparents grew up in, yet made me want to experience them.  I couldn't put the book down until finished then I went to my computer, looked up old circus pictures and finally bought tickets to Ringling Brothers Circus later this summer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Nothing about this book appealed to me.  Not the subject matter, nor the title, nor the cover.  Pfttt.....nothing. A depression-era traveling circus?  What could be more....depressing?  My sister delivered into my hands one day and said, \"Read it.\"  And I did.  I read it while cooking. I read it while eating.  I read it when I should have been sleeping.  I read and read and wanted to read more.  Now I hand it to you and say, \"Read it\".  You won't be sorry."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Maybe I'm missing the bandwagon (no pun intended), but all these reviews that say \"amazing\", \"best book I've ever read\", etc.??  I don't get that.  I was drawn to the story and the characters, and it was well-written.  It was an easy read, so I finished it in a day and a half.  However, I don't consider it anything more than a fun read--something good for the beach or the plane. I'm defintely not seeing the hype."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "An interesting way to showcase circus history & a way of life that is no more.Although this is a fictionalized account, it was based on bits & pieces of fact from Circus History.The photographs were the best.They were a nice addition to the book.The nursing home drama/tie-in was a bit too much.I guess it was a play on the theme of running away to join the circus...Just never heard of someone who ran away from a nursing home in a wheel chair to join the circus & was successful with it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With all the \"hype\" about this book, I was expecting more-more plot,and a more interesting main character. And really it reads like a script. So often the author does too much explaining about how each character is sitting, their reaction,etc. as if in preparation for a movie,with too much explaining how the actors should perform.I do like the depression era and the circus theme , which drew me to the book.I am looking forward to seeing the movie but mostly because of the actors in it.All in all I didnt care for the authors way of writing. But I think it will make for an interesting movie."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was suggested to me by a friend and I wasn't sure I would like it. As soon as I started reading I couldn't put it down.  In fact, I read it in about a week.  This particular book earned it's place on the New York Bestsellers list for a reason.An elderly man, looking back on the past and how it has shaped him now.  The book is set in the present day as well as the early 1930's.  It paints the picture of exactly what I would think a traveling circus would be during that time.  It is full of drama within in the reigns of the circus as far as the everyday workers, performers, and animals. From cover to cover the reader does not know exactly what to expect.  I would suggest this book to anyone.One of the best books I have read in some time.  I can't wait to see the movie!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm not a real fan of fiction, only because fiction does not keep me tuned in to the story line. Often the subject matter rambles on before the story line gets going when  you finally know what you are reading about.Water for Elephants is a well written novel. The title fascinated me to begin with, and excerpts led me to believe this was going to be a good read. I was right!  The story line is never boring, it's uncomplicated, and keeps you tuned in to events as they unravel. So well done. I encourage anyone who is an avid reader to buy a copy. You won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "this author is a master story teller and she had me from the first.  The structure of the book is captivating, back and forth from the nursing home where the main character lives out his old age to the fascinating life he has led as a veternarian for the circus and his love affair with the main act.  and that is only the beginning.  It is the story of coming of age in a most unconventional setting.  I learned so much about the inner workings of a circus.  So why oh why did the author end the book on such a maudlin, unrealistic note.  Sarah Gruen forced a happy ending on a story that deserved a more intelligent finale.  Still it is deffinately worth the read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just finished reading Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen.  It was one of my most favorite reads to date, and I read alot of books!  I loved how the book started in the nursing home with the older Jacob and how he reveiled how it felt to be old and most of the time forgotten.  His family viewed it as a duty to go and visit him..And then it switches to a young Jacob and tells the story of his adventures working in a circus.  For anyone who wanted to run away to the circus as a child, you will definately love this book.  I could not put it down. It is exciting one minute and has you on the edge of your seat and the next it is endearing and makes you feel like you really know the characters.  I give this book 5 stars and if you want a really good read, you will do the same."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was a bit hesitant about reading this book, I kept reading that it was about circuses, and I really didn't think I had too much of and interest. Boy was I wrong. It starts with a murder and winds and weaves you through the story of life in the traveling circus and back to present day in a nursing home.  The book had my attention from page one and still has me even though I finished reading it. There is humor, love, murder, and friendship, and a whole lot of history about the circus, and circus life making this book a well rounded engaging read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A couple of years ago a friend gave me a copy of Water For Elephants. I put it aside until a few days ago, at which time I thought I should probably read it. I was hooked from the very beginning and couldn't put the book down. Although, I have never been interested in elephants, I fell in love with Rosie and her sweet personality. Did you know that elephants cry and that they have a huge hippocampus, a brain structure that's important in processing emotions? After finishing the book, I immediately Googled elephants to learn more about these intelligent animals. Water For Elephants has become one of my favorite novels. If you haven't read this one, you are definitely missing a modern classic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a well-written, cute story.  I certainly achieved the `suspension of disbelief' that one looks for in a summer novel.  I empathized with the main character, and could picture him and the others.  I feel like I know Jacob Jankowski - both the younger version in shock from losing his parents, and the older version who hates being treated like an \"invalid\".  Unlike some reviewers, I am not old enough to remember the circus coming to town on the train and with a parade.  In fact, the circus experience from my childhood was in a large concert venue.  Nevertheless, Gruen allows me to imagine the big top in all of its grimy glory and picture all of the alcohol loving workers and performers smuggling their drinks on the train.  What a nice escape."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Water for Elephants\" is a good read.  The writer confesses to being thrilled to be writing something besides technical documents, and this gives rise to minor annoyances, some as trivial as the overuse of \"stare\".The contrast of mores of the Depression Era to modern day is arrestingly authentic.  Using 1930's circus lingo is misleading (a \"bull\" elephant named Rosie).The symbolism that is not overtly contrived (the big circus in the sky) is captivating, but there is an the almost desperate struggle to parallel the narrator with the biblical story of Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Great and dramatic character development, some you love, some you care about, some you hate and one or two you simply loathe...great characters living life with all of its pathos, humor and drama in a Depression era circus...Some points will make you laugh out loud, some smile in suprise and some where you want to say, \"That sorry, no good SOB...\"  Some will make you gasp in joy and delight, one or two in horror. All in all, a very good book....The characters, the pathos and the humor, the living of life, make it come alive and stay with you long after the last page is turned.  I was sorry to seen it end, and that is the way a good book is supposed to leave you. This one is good, though it never really talks about or explains the title \"Water for Elephants...\""}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Seldom has a book moved me as much as this one did.  Perhaps it's because I listened to the audiobook version, and the narrators voices were perfect for the different stages of life in the book.  Perhaps it's because my 98 year old mother-in-law is in a nursing home, but the author captured what life for a 90+ year old must be like in a nursing home facility.  In addition, I LOVE the circus, even though today's pale in comparison to those that were under canvas.  Without doing a spoiler, I can only say that it's been a long time since the ending of a book brought tears to my eyes.  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "SEVERAL PEOPLE HAVE SUGGESTED TO ME THAT I READ THIS BOOK.  I HAVE OBSERVED PEOPLE READING THIS BOOK ON AIRPLANES, IN CARPOOL LINES, SITTING ON A BENCH AT BARK PARK, SO I DECIDED IT WAS A MUST READ JUST TO FEEL LIKE I BELONGED IN A SOCIETY.  THE BOOK IS INTERESTING, PARTICULARLY IF YOU WERE FASCINATED WITH THE CIRCUS AS A YOUNG CHILD.  I FOUND THE ANIMAL BRUTALITY A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO READ, ALTHOUGH IT WAS NOT AS BRUTAL AS I HAD ANTICIPATED, BUT WHAT I DID MOSTLY REMEMBER AT THE END.  IT'S A GOOD READ, NOT A GREAT READ.  THE ONLY FLAW I WOULD MENTION IS THE NARRATOR'S VOICE WAS NOT PLAUSIBLE AS A NINETY YEAR OLD MAN.  THE AUTHOR MIGHT HAVE DONE A LITTLE RESEARCH IN THAT AREA, BUT DON'T LET THAT STOP YOU FROM READING THE BOOK."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow!  There are over 1,600 reviews for this book.  That's great because this is a book that should be read and will be enjoyed by many.This novel is about a young man, nearly finished with his veterinary studies who, because of economic circumstances leaves school to join a circus as its resident veterinarian.This book switches back and forth from the standpoint of the veterinarian in his older years to the present time.  As an old man, he looks back at his experiences and the crises in the life of his great love, Dolly.  Dolly loves horses and elephants and is in a relationship with an abusive man who is in charge of the circus.The protagonist's relationship with his roommate, a dwarf, and the dwarf's Jack Russell Terrier, are wonderfully characterized.I enjoyed this book quite a bit and recommend it highly."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants has recently taken over the spot of my favorite book. The book flawlessly alternates between the main character's present day experience in a nursing home and his memories of his life during his early 20's. I was skeptical about the switching at first since many books that do this are usually confusing and I have to keep turning back a few pages to see what time period I'm in, but the author does this perfectly.I completely fell in love with the main character, both the 92 year old and 23 year old versions of him. As someone who works in a nursing home, his experiences were so realistic and the author captured this perfectly.The book was extremely well written and it was obvious that Gruen did her research. I found myself looking for more information about travelling circuses and downloading pictures from them, especially elephants, after reading this."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this books years ago when it came out and thought it was good, but not great.  I reread it as a book club selection and liked it much better due to the depth of characters.  The author has done her research in the life of the circus performers.  I hated the cruelty shown to some of the animals, but I know some of those things took place.  True love wins with the risks people are willing to take to be with their \"soul mate\".  The end is pretty unbelievable with an old man running away to join the circus (again).  However, it made me hopeful that this ignored man would find happiness in his last years."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wish that I could say that I was one of the readers of  Water For Elephants, the well researched novel by Sara Gruen, who was graciously transported to the circus world of the 1930's, but sadly I can't.I am not one who acclaims the romance of  the beautiful Marlena, the circus horse rider and Jacob, whose personal tragedy causes him to walk away from his final exams at Cornell Vet school.  Instead, I am left thinking that perhaps, I should have read Twilight instead.  The an essential problem of reading a romance in which the reader does not care for the romantic protagonists, is that it takes the heart out of the book.Though there was enough in the side characters, animals and atmosphere to carry the book but alas there I often found Gruen's phrasing annoying and clunky.  I have decided in all fairness to Ms Gruen and her many fans that I will desist from reading any more of her works and we shall all continue on quite happily."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "From the very start, this book had me completely drawn - I felt immediate compassion for the main character, the author really made me think about what it means to become old and \"useless\" in our society. I couldn't put this book down, the story unfolded at just the right pace, and the characters were very real and alive to me. After buying a few \"duds\" recently (including Last Night in Twisted River- how dull and poorly written for such a supposedly acclaimed author that one was) I was so refreshed to read a book that made me lose myself in the story.There are scenes that are very hard to read as an animal lover, but the characters you are meant to identify with are good people, trying to do the right thing. I don't like circuses at all because of all the animal abuse, so I almost didn't buy this book - but glad I did!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book very much.  Full of detail and things I would have never suspected or imagined about a circus.  I must admit that I had some trouble with the scenes of animal (and even people) abuse but was able to skim quickly over it enough to get the picture but not dwell on it.  I know that this part of the book had to be told because I'm sure that it happened.  I did enjoy the animals (and people) revenge at the end greatly!  I especially loved the weaving of Jacob's story from old man to young and back again.  And of course the happy ending...well who could have asked for a better one.  Yep!  I loved this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My title for my book review is lifted from the editorial reviews, Valerie Ryan really nailed it for me.There are so many things to like about this book.  The very best thing is the firm grounding in historical fact.  This is what it was like in America during the Great Depression, this is why the travelling circus roustabouts worked and lived the way they did, because of the Depression.  They didn't always get paid but at least they ate.  Sara Gruen handles her historical data with an exceedingly light touch, she is a marvellous storyteller.  Memorable book, very engaging. I can understand why there are nearly four thousand reader reviews."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Page after page this novel is filled with interesting facts, experiences and history. That it's a memoir of a patient/resident of a nursing home is a literary vehicle of genius. How remarkable to live the life of a this young man, one we can easily identify with, through this period of American history (30's, 40's) only to end up with him in a current-day nursing home, the finest of which are lonely places indeed.My wife and I just recently visited an uncle who lived in a very fine nursing home in another state and were pronounced \"saints\" by the staff who said no one ever visits these people. That's why I'm haunted by the ending of this book.I've also paid more attention to stories of the intelligence of elephants, their almost human sense of justice. Perhaps I mean their more-than-human sense of justice.A wonderful book. You will be glad you read it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My hatred for this book knows no bounds. This is the trashiest thing to infiltrate the literature section of the bookstore since Henry Miller. (Although I'm not a Henry Miller expert, I'm guessing he at least brought some literary merit to the table, which is more than I can say for this author!) The depression-era circus setting, although intriguing, was not enough to make up for the endless vulgarity, flat characterization and vapid dialogue. And, to make matters worse, no character, at least from the ones I can remember, is spared horrific scenes of physical abuse - you name it, woman, worker, elephant, dog, clown. I just got tired of it all after a while.Why did I even bother to finish it? It was sort of like watching Ripley's Believe it or Not to see what kind of ghastly thing would happen next. Well now I believe it; this is one of the worst contemporary books I've read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I honestly didn't know what to expect when I started WATER FOR ELEPHANTS, but as I continued on hour after hour, I realized what a terrific book it is!  Set in post-Depression America and the Benzini Brother's Circus, WATER FOR ELEPHANTS is full of emotions and flashes of great humor. All the characters, including the animals, all have pivotal roles throughout the story. This book is a great blend of history, mystery, love story and memoir.Highly recommend with 5 stars!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the most fun books I have read.  From page 1 all the way thru. I have laughed out loud at so many points and then sad at others. This is a fantastic read. I usually don't like to read women authors, Tess Gerritson and Alex Kava are the exceptions, but Sara has done a great, great job. I can hardly wait now to see the movie. I hope Sara had a lot to do with writing the movie script.  So many really good books stories are ruined when it comes to be a movie."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Interesting book that makes you want to keep reading, but in the end, it seems like the author tried too hard to wrap things up and make everyone happy.I find that the best way to make reviews helpful is by adding a list of books I love and books I hated. That way you can compare and determine whether you and I have similar tastes. So here is my list:Books I love or at at least really, really like:We Need to Talk about Kevin.Tell the Wolves I'm HomeWhen the Emperor Was DivineThe History of HistoryThe Remains of the DayWe Have Always Lived in the CastleThe Night CircusWater for ElephantsThe Sisters BrothersThe Poisonwood BibleBooks I REALLY hated:The Bear in a Muddy Tutu1Q84The Buddha of SuburbiaA Visit from the Goon SquadSun StormA Long Way DownWhen We Were OrphansThe Haunting of Hill House"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants, by Sara Gruen, is a pleasurable book to read.  Among its many virtues, is Guren's recreation of the atmosphere of depression era America, and a unique circus subculture that existed in what now must be viewed as the lost past.  Leading this tale is a genuinely likeable guy, a rarity in contemporary literature.  This hugely popular book is without serious lessons to preach or meaning to convey.  Rather, it is a good story which provided me with many hours of pleasant diversion."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "We find ourselves in the beginning at a nursing home with the elderly Jacob Jankowski's.  When the circus comes to town We begin to find out that Jacobs memory is still there and he takes you back to an era in the Great Depression.As a young man Jacob's life gets upended and he finds himself on a circus train.  They realize that Jacob with his training to become a vet will be of some use to the circus.  He falls victim to the ups and downs of life on the circus train and the beauty of the main act Marlena.  And falls in love with the larger than life Rosie, the Elephant.  Everything and everyone is subjected to the mercy of the cruel circus boss and Marlena's husband.This story is really engaging.  I personally found myself laughing at the antics of the circus family, cringing at the reality of the cruel act of red lighting.  And furious when the circus bosses cruelty reached horrifyingly to everyone and everything."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is very enjoyable from beginning to end. It starts with a narration in the present and weaves in events from the narrators past. The style is fluid and non pretentious, engaging for its simplicity and character development. This book feels real when it presents its characters and you can't help but get entwined with the sentiments they live. I haven't seen the movie but I'm glad I read the book first. The story revolves around Jakob a retired circus vet which relates how he came to be involved in the circus world of the 30's and all he lived through while the show went on. The story depicts life through the depression, prohibition and society as a fitting background for the storyline."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow.  This book was just spectacular.  I tore through it (it grabbed me and would not let go).  How many books do you see a fifteen-year-old (my niece) reading while walking up stairs?  She could not stop reading it to climb the stairs!  It was an amazing ride.  I cannot imagine that ANYONE would not love this book.I read two of Sara Gruen's earlier books and this is in a different category - a tour de force, an absolute must-read.  What a lovely book.  You end up feeling grateful to her for writing it just so you could read it.  I cannot say enough about how great this book was - an enthralling story, enthrallingly told, absolutely marvelous."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A wonderful story!  If nothing else this is an insight into the aging process.  As a child growing up in the 40's my dad took me to  watch the set up of Ringling Brother's Circus when it came to town and we went back that night to watch the teardown.  I never saw a show until I was 12 years old and worked watering horses for my pass into the show.  I remember getting to hold a very small tiger cub that had been recently born.  It was a thrill I will never forget.  So very glad that a friend told me to read &#34;Water for Elephants&#34;.  I am sure that I will reread it again in the future.  Buy it!  You won't be sorry if you remember the circus coming to town!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved the first 90% of this book.  Whenever I opened it to read, I fell right into circus life in the 1930s, as told by the 93-year-old main character looking back on his life of 70 years previous.  My complaint is that the ending seemed rushed and contrived.  There were lose ends that didn't make sense.  For all of the reality of the first part of the book, the end seemed too fantastic.  Did the editor say \"Wrap it up all ready!\"?  I think this would make a TERRIFIC movie--just wait for the rights to be sold.  A good summer read, too."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book surprised me.  I usually don't read the summaries on the book jackets because I find that it spoils the story for me and so I didn't really know what to expect from this book.  However, by the end of the book, I was thoroughly fulfilled.  I loved the author's insight into seeing things from the perspective of the \"90 or 93 yo\" main character.  I found I couldn't put the book down once started.  I also liked the Q&A commentary at the back of the book telling how the author researched circus life - especially the story about Rosie - to include in the novel.  Great storytelling!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm usually drawn to books written about the depression era, as I have heard so much about it from my parents.  This book is not only that, but a great insight to the circus life during that time.  I had a hard time putting this book down in the evenings (after a day at work), and it was good timing that my spouse was out of town for the week.  Very well written, a great story, and a page turner. I'll be buying copies for future gifts."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't know why I picked up this book to read, but I'm glad I did!  All summer, I've become bored with other books I've attempted to read but abandoned half way through.Water for Elephants was different.  Once I started reading, I couldn't put the book down.  The author did a great job developing the characters and the story.  I didn't know much about circus life and the story gives the reader a good glimpse of what it was like.  Because I'm an animal lover, I liked how the main character looked out for well being of the circus animals.I recommend this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "So far there are 866 reviews for this book, so there's nothing I can say that's different from anyone else.  It got to be so absorbing by the middle of the book with a VERY satisfying ending.  I couldn't resist adding another review to thank Sara Gruen for this wonderful story.  I just finished it a minute ago...I ignored my kids all night while caught up in this story.  Now my kids can have me back!  Please read and enjoy this book.  Thank you."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Im usually skepical when it comes to reading a book that has become a movie . I end up either loving the movie and not liking the book or loving the book and not liking the movie. THIS book was stunning in detail and takes the reader into the 'Big Top' in such detail that you can almost smell the peanuts! It contains violence but it is told with such skill that the reader understands just how brutal humans can be ....but the main character is the hero and does make a difference . As for the romance...its innocent and well written. There is something for all in this story and I see now why it was made into a movie. I have not seen it yet but I can only imagine !"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I didn't realize this book had been out for so long when I ordered it from Amazon.  Can't believe I hadn't heard of it before because it was a fantastic book I should have picked up sooner.  I think a movie is being made about the book, but I am glad I read the book first.  It's a quick read for a lazy Sunday afternoon. Definitely entertaining.  After I finished it, I felt like I was still transported back to the 1930's circus, and it took several hours to stop thinking about it.  Worth reading for sure."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My book club chose this book in the spring.  I decided not to read it at that time, despite the wonderful reviews.  Last week I picked it up to read while we were lounging at the cabin.  Wow!  What took me so long?This is one of the finest stories I've read in a long time.  It grabbed me in the beginning and pulled me through to the end.  It had a bit of everything---humor, adventure, romance, heartbreak.Water for Elephants is the story of a young man who accidentally joins a circus train in 1931.  Along with him we meet some wonderful characters---both human and animal.Spoiler Alert---I enjoy a story with a happy, yet satisfying ending.  This book did not disappoint."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just finished \"Water for Elephants\" the day before yesterday!  I can't seem to find anything I want to read now as that story just won't go away.  It was far and beyond one of my favorite books.  I just loved it!  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down.  Now I want to see more pictures of the old circuses.  Amazing what she was able to capture with her words and that she could understand what an old man could be feeling and thinking.  I love it when I can find a book like hers.  I highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My two best friends and I are all avid readers, although we usually read very different books. One of them got it, loved it and gave it to me, and this book was passed around for several months. We had a mother in law, an ex boyfriend all reading it, which really speaks to how good the book is.You can read the other reviews to find out what its about...I'm telling you, you will be hooked instantly. Clear your schedule. This isn't a book you want to start reading when its going to be a week before you can pick it up again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love books that make me feel the grit of sawdust between my teeth.  Sawdust?  Why, yes, if you're reading a circus murder mystery. Only, it isn't much of a mystery as you learn whodunnit on the second page.  Only, no, don't be so sure.  A lovely, you-are-there novel of the between-wars years in America, wherein one newly orphaned and penniless Jacob Jankowski runs away to join a down-at-the-heels circus whose owner has serious Ringling Brothers envy, complete with ladies fat and bearded, unfriendly dwarfs, and homicidal--wait, no, I'll give it away.  With an ending that made me smile all day after I finished the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "'Water for Elephants' provides an insiders peek behind the curtain of a traveling train circus. Anyone who ever went to a circus and played the games on the midway are rubes wanting to be thrilled, enchanted and take leave of reality for a day. The illusion lasts about as long as cloud of cotton candy. The inside story delves into the darker aspects of what makes the circus viable especially during the 1930's Depression era. The reader is introduced to a strict caste system from bosses to performers to roustabouts that determines one's position among a long train of characters. The practice of 'redlighting' is  particularly powerful, a Darwinian, survival of the fittest practice where the circus bosses have the used up roustabouts tossed from the train as excess baggage. Our hero is Jacob Jankowski that over the course of  only 3 1/2 months joins the circus. As a veternarian he does not fit into the caste system. Through his character we take a journey making allies with unlikely people, finding love and slaying personal deamons."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is an engrossing story about life in an early 1930's, depression-era traveling circus, but is also about so much more. Jacob Jankowski is presently ninety or ninety-three (he doesn't recall) and living out the end of his life in a nursing home. He has family who visit, but they are busy enough with their own lives that he is largely forgotten. A circus comes to town and Jacob thinks back on his own youthful experiences.I appreciate the story's realistic portrayal of early 20th century circus life. The animals live and work in conditions that are horrific, but at the same time they are the lifeblood of the show next to the human performers and are therefore treated well enough to that extent. The author, Sara Gruen, mentions in an interview that many of the anecdotes in the tale are plucked from real life accounts. (For example, an elephant stealing lemonade from the lemonade stand when no one is looking.) Truth is stranger than fiction, indeed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story, about a young man who runs away to the circus, is beautiful in the way it paints an older man near the end of his life in a loving, endearing way. Older people are real people whose value is in no way diminished. In fact, they have lived their life and survived life's most difficult challenges. And yet despite all they've learned and know, they are given so little respect. Every day they courageously cope with challenges that most of us have never even come close to experiencing. Even their family often treats them callously, or worse, like little children. Some older folk are cranky, like the character in this story, but considering what they've been through, they deserve kindness in return, not defensiveness. The treatment of this older man by nurse Rosemary in this book has inspired me to love older people and respect them more."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I knew very little about this book before I read it. I didn't know quite what to expect; but I thoroughly enjoyed it. It certainly wasn't as good as The Kite Runner or other great books I've read (thus why I didn't give it five stars), but it was still a very good story. I would easily recommend it to others. The author creates a rather fantastic situation - a Cornell veterinary student who suddenly finds himself a penniless orphan during the Great Depression. The story takes us to a circus train, a love triangle, and an elephant. Gruen weaves a wonderful tale that I found captivating, told both in the present and the past. In the meantime, I learned a great deal about circus life in the 1930s."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There were many positives about the story - 1)  Nice feel of what it was like to be in the circus during the depression  2) Great analysis of what it is like to be old in a rest home.  3)  Excellent voice characters for the audio.  4) Beginning of good bi-polar character.Negative - 1) Feel of the story moved from period piece about the circus to feel of Nazi camp where all leaders are evil  2) Instead of developing bi-polar character he was just written off as evil.  3) One big surprise in the book concerning the murder but not that monumental.  4) Three needless scenes that bordered on pornographic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Set in the Great Depression, Water for Elephants is a compelling tale, perfect for a book group discussion. Jacob Jankowski loses his parents in a car wreck and drops out of veterinary school. He finds his way aboard a circus train and begins a new life on the road. He meets and falls in love with both circus star, Marlena, who is married to the perverse animal trainer, August, and the seemingly unteachable elephant, Rosie.I was most taken by the circus details and the details from the Great Depression that Gruen used in the story. I was fascinated with life in the circus during those hard times. I also liked how Gruen moved the story back and forth in time from an elderly Jacob to a young Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a great story line, but I really get disgusted with the writers that think they have a free license to use the Lord's name in vain. It has become a disgusting passtime and all too prevalent &#34;thing to do&#34;.  And why do they do it? It adds nothing to the story. Just a disgusted feeling and sorrorful feeling for the author. It shows how the people of the world are falling away from God. That is one thing I miss with my Kindle, I always use a black marker and mark out that word from the sentences or stop reading the book altogether."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a wonderfully poignant book that slides seamlessly between the 90 Plus year old Jacob, and his remembrances of his youth when he was 23 and spent time with a traveling circus as its Veterinarian.  The frailities of Jacob who is now in the Nursing Home is portrayed so realistically that it almost seems like those parts of the story are actually written by an old person.  In counterpoint, the story of the younger Jacob's traveling circus adventures seems the same way, as if the author has actually experienced this lifestyle.  With twists and turns, heart melting moments of happiness, heart-wrenching moments of anger and sadness, this book is one that, once started, is hard to put down.  You'll be glad you chose this book to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For several years, various animal rights organizations have campaigned against circuses, citing the cruelty inflicted upon animals.  Gruen shows how cruelty permeated the institution.This is a wonderful novel about love and decadence, greed and control, and cruelty and tenderness.  It starts weakly, where the protagonist discovers his parents were killed in a freak traffic accident.  He hops a train, and winds up working for a circus.  But don't despair, I promise it's worth finishing.Gruen's characters are vividly drawn.  Hierarchies amongst performers, workers and management prevail.  Descriptions are so vivid, you can almost smell the hay, and everything else so accurately described.This is a wonderful window into life in a circus, with all it's horrors and despite them, it's draw.Well done!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As a prize-winning author myself, and a Pulitzer nominee, I know good writing.  This book was so riveting and fascinating I couldn't put it down.In fact, it became so real to me that I began to think of it as non-fiction some time after I'd finished.  I had to read these reviews to recollect it is fiction.  Having read a great many of the posted reviews, I can't help noticing the negative or low rated reviews are sneering and superior, and critical in the extreme.  This is, in my experience, typical of poor writers who feel compelled to comment scathingly on others' skills, but who are incapable of writing compelling literature themselves.  As a professional academic reviewer, I strongly disagree with the snide commentary.  It is a rare gem."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was hesitant to read this book at first because I was concerned about the animal abuse. However, Sara Gruen did a wonderful job with keeping it at a minimum. I quickly scanned over one or two of the scenes and then realized when I was done reading the story, how the little bit of it added to the story.Well researched and well defined, Gruen takes you by the hand and leads you into the life of an elderly man who, from a nursing home, reflects back on his life in his younger years while he was a part of the circus life. Vivid and captivating, I felt as though I was a part of this exciting journey.There are thousands of reviews on this book, so I'll keep mine brief. Clearly stated, this is one work that will remain in my memory all the days of my life. Fascinating!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have seen this book on the shelves for sometime now and only just got around to reading it. It was so enjoyable that I read it in a day, I just couldn't put it down. The main character, Jacob, is intriguing without being over complicated. It is a peek into the history of the circus, all the while swirling a great mystery and love affair that will keep you glued to this page turner. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historical fiction, mysteries, and a truly good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was highly recommended to me by women in an assisted living facility where I teach, for whom one of the book themes--aging and loss of autonomy--resonated deeply. I found it an engaging read, though the story almost caves in under the weight of the author's research. The characters are archetypes I had the feeling I'd seen somewhere before, lacking complexity, and it was ultimately difficult to care about any of them. The shifts back and forth in time were distracting and superfluous. I felt manipulated by the fantastically sentimental ending, but still, it made me smile."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed this book as I found it a very quick read with characters I was interested in.Water for elephants is told by an ornery man (Jacob Jankowki, about 90 years old), whose life now consists of residing in an assisted living center, where his children visit when they can.The story goes back and forth from his life in the present, to his life in the past, when by a turn of fate, he found himself traveling with the Benzini Brothers Circus, as their Vet.  The time is the 1920-1930's  and we get to see life during The Great Depression.Their are many eccentric characters, and if you love the circus and animals, there is plenty of that for you.  I found the story of the circus performers lives fascinating.  It really is a great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was skeptical of a book detailing life in a traveling circus.  But overall this was an entertaining and well written book.  There were a few things that didn't flow well or weren't really explained (or at least I didn't understand them) like why Jacob was so outraged at the gentleman who said he had worked at the circus or for what reason Marlena was throwing a suprise for her husband (that ended up going poorly).  But these uncertainties didn't stop me from enjoying the story.  Surprising twist.  Sweet ending."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants took a little while to fully grab my attention, with the flash backs between the circus and Jacob's time in the nursing home.  Once it got my attention it held it right through to the very end.There were a few relationships that stood out in my mind.  The first was between Rosemary and Jacob.  Their relationship exemplified the relationship I would hope all nursing home staff had with the residents.  Her understanding and patience as Jacob flashes back and forth between the present day and his youth is remarkable, and her connection seems to surpass the bond he shares with his children.I never would have thought I would enjoy a book that centered around the cicus, but this novel was about so much more than just the shows under the big top.  It focused on love, friendship, aging and compassion."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book because my sister-in-law (who never reads) could not put it down until she finished. So I gave it a go and, after a slow start, was interested enough to finish. The author does everything she can to exploit the reader's concern for cats, dogs, monkeys and, of course, the titular elephant. The narrator  is a vet who sticks with the circus, at first, in order to protect the animals, but he does little to interfere with their mistreatment... or the mistreatment of his fellow humans. In that sense, the book rings false. The book exploits the reader's feeling for animals and animal-human relationships for some cheap emotional effect. And it worked on me to some extent because I  cared about (and shed shed tears for) the animals much more than the humans. But I fail to see larger point."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I agree with several other people who found it amazing that this is a bestseller. As an author whose books sell poorly right here on Amazon, I wish I knew her secret. I found it disgusting on so many levels, hard to follow, and in the end, just not worth reading. Perhaps something in the last third of the book would have changed my mind, but I couldn't finish it. I can't remember the last time I threw a book into the garbage can, but I looked it over carefully, thought about the very act of throwing out a book, and then dropped it into the trash. I don't regret it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A sad story, beautifully told. Gruen cuts effortlessly between a faultless evocation of a seedy circus during the Depression - a grotesquerie if ever there was one -  and the modern-day life of an nonagenarian trapped in a failing body and a souless nursing home. Gruen's vivid prose and dead-on dialog transport the reader to a place and time, both physical and emotional, that does not fail to fascinate.  What in less talented hands might easily be a depressing tale of old age is animated by the spunk and wit of her main character.  My only complaint about the story is its ending, which I frankly found implausible.  But that's a minor complaint about an otherwise absorbing book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What an enjoyable book!  The plot, although at times a little predictable, was refreshing and well written.  I fell in love with Jacob young, but especially Jacob old.  His frustration with the tricks his body and mind had played on him were real and understandable.  His joy at the end of the book put a grin on my face. I know there have been quite a few of you who found the profanity excessive and gratuitous, but I think it fit the station of life and the time period and would not let it stop me from a book this enjoyable.  I would recommend this book to anyone, but especially those of you who find the time period of the 30's facinating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What an intriguing story!  From the first gripping lines of the prologue, I was pulled into the world of the traveling circus, a world I had purposefully avoided until now.  Told through the perspective of an elderly man's recollections, this book is full of grit, empathy, and adventure, and is a sharp portrayal of the seedier side of the depression era sideshow life.  The author juxtaposed greed, sloth, abuse, mental illness, and the fascinating circus world of cheap glamour and talented charlatans against the bittersweet remembrances of an old man and his present day frustration with trying to live life more fully at an advanced age.  There is a little surprise at the end that I had not foreseen.  The back of the book describes this work with words like vivid, rich, and riveting.  It is all of those things and more - a great story well told.  Water for elephants is highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I think I liked every single page of this book. It was a well-written semi-historical account of circus life and human interaction, but it wasn't over written. Definitely one of the better books I've read. It did move a bit slowly, but it's difficult to notice how slowly a book moves when you read it quickly. I imagine if I had read this book over the stretch of a week or two, it would have been a little less interesting. However, it did motivate me to keep reading, so I doubt I would have wanted to stretch it out that long."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Watched the film first and loved it. The book didn't disappoint either. Even though I had watched the film it was an interesting read, it didn't feel boring to read what I've already seen. The characters's good, I especially liked Walter and some other of the minor roles, the rhythm of the writing flowing and easily read. Jacob's tone and style of talking is well carried through the book. It feels like you're there. It was also fascinating to get glimpses of his current, old life. What he had become after all of the adventures, an old man forgotten by his children and family, reliving his past. It was sad, and you could understand his grumpiness.There's just something about circuses that's fascinating. It was interesting to \"learn\" how the circus worked in the 30s, how they travelled by train, how the hierarchy was arranged, how you lived your life in a circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "loved this book! wonderfully written! there was not one flaw in this book. im glad the author didnt focus fully on the romance perspective of the book and her going from jacobs youth to jacob as an elderly from chapter to chapter put a great spin on the story.my heart was broken when his family didnt come for him but it turned out with a good ending. if they wouldve come he wouldve went back to the old folks home and although theres no novel following this one, im sure he dies with the circus just like hes always dreamed to.cant wait to watch the movie :)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The reviews from \"Booklist\" and \"Publisher's Weekly\" are a little misleading--the book really is more uplifting and not as depressing as the plot elements they have focused upon.  This story leads the reader into the rich and complex world of traveling circuses, circa 1930's.  The journey of the young man reminded me of Clyde Griffiths in Theodore Dreiser's, \"An American Tragedy\", the relationship between Marlena and August reminded me of the dynamics between Sophie and Nathan in William Styron's, \"Sophie's Choice\".  But, in spite of these analogies, the book still isn't depressing!  A good summer read, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a really good, enjoyable, authentic, endearing book.  Thoroughly enjoyable read.  One of a kind, leaves you wanting more of the circus on the rails of the depression era. I also love first-person novels that stay on plot and Gruen doesn't disappoint there.I TOTALLY disagree with another reviewer who said Gruen over-anthropomophized and over-romanticized the animals in the story! Hardly. If anything, if Jacob is a vet, we read very little of him doing his job in context of the story.  And anyone who's around animals or has worked with animals can hardly fail to form emotional attachments to them.When I finished WATER FOR ELEPHANTS, I like I felt when I finished reading FRIED GREEN TOMATOES AT THE WHISTLE STOP CAFE and SEABISCUIT."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had some idea of the content of this book before I started reading, but was extremely impressed with the author's skill in opening the world of the Depression-Era circus, and the fascinating people who populated it.  Her ability to shift between the poignant situation of the aged Jacob, and the youthful enthusiasm and passion of the youthful Jacob made this novel 'work' better than most I've read in years.  The ending did catch me by surprise, and was absolutely delightful in all respects.  I will commend this book to the attention of anyone who wants to look through a window on the past, and the believable people who occupied that world -- told in the words of a very gifted author."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can't believe it took me this long to pick this book up.  What a great story and very well written.  I always enjoy books that go back and forth between past & present, and the author did it brilliantly.The only thing I disliked was reading about the treatment of the animals, but that is to be expected with a circus story.Would definitely recommend this book to a friend.  I'm sure the upcoming move won't do the book justice, but will at the very least draw some new readers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It's been a long time since a novel about circus life has been published, and this excellent book certainly makes up for all of those missing years. It is a well told tale that is, in part, humorous, tragic, romantic and heartbreaking. The book uses the same narrative device as \"Little Big Man\", that is, a very old gentleman remembering the exciting and adventurous days of his youth, and the circus he accidentally joined. The characters are extremely well drawn, even the minor ones, and I'm sure that the author spend many days delving into circus lore to get the details correct. Being of Polish descent, I enjoyed the fact that the protagonist was Polish, and I was taken back to my grade school days when a character began reciting the \"Our Father\" in Polish! It amazed me that, after all of these years, I could still read and pronounce those words correctly. This is simply a wonderful novel, and I highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I picked this book up by chance at the bookstore. I was interested at once in the subject and the characters. I know nothing about the circus and was captivated by the descriptions of depression era circuses. This was all new territory for me and to find out in the notes at the end that all this information was based on fact was exciting.I loved having each chapter start with a picture from the Ringling Brothers circus archives. I wasso happy at the ending, I truly did not see it coming. Such a feel good story. I have recommended it to many of my friends, including my book club. Try it, you will like it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen's novel, Water for Elephants, published in 2007 by Algonquin Books is a good story about a circus traveling in the U.S. during the Great Depression. The narrative carries the novel in spite of the rather shallow character development. Gruen's description of the historical period is sketchy with a few interesting threads. I bought the book because I was limited in free time and could only read in brief intermittent time periods. The book required minimal attention and was entertaining. I wonder about the editing of the book, allowing contemporary jargon to slip into the 1930's dialogue (e.g., \"Whatever\"). Water for Elephants is a light, beach, plane, motel novel that I recommend for the casual reader."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story is lovely and you cannot put it down. I read every word from cover to cover. There are also authors notes, an interview with Sara Gruen, and questions for book group discussions.Now back to my title for review. So many of you gave the story away you should not rethink your reviews. Thank G-d, I had already chose to read this book when I read Riding Lessons. I had never read one review on this book before I bought it. I wonder what goody Sara has for us next. It will be fun as long as I stay away from reviews!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The idea of running away with the circus definitely appeals sometimes - especially when your own life has turned into one - but Gruen's gritty, real account of that life is enough to make me tuck in and contain my self to watching Cirque on tv. Scariest part about it is that I know it's based on the truth - not the story, but the time. She did great research on travelling circuses.The romance was gorgeous. And while I refuse to give out spoilers, I will tell you that she surprised me. I was sure the romantic outcome was going to come out one way and she made the change beautifully.The ending? Maybe a little saccharin, but why not? You can't leave the circus without candy floss."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "i enjoyed reading this book. Although it will not go down in the ranks of a great American Classic, it is still agood read. There was a feeling for the desperation of the period, and the atypical lives of the circus. Some of the characterizations were a bit shallow and somewhat predictable, the plot manages to keep the reader engaged. I enjoyed the contrasting chapters of the young protagonist and his later, elderly self. The ending is sweet, but quite unplausible. All of these things considered, I still gave this book an overall 4 rating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "On the simplest level, all I can say is that it didn't amuse me and I couldn't force myself to finish it. But I'm a \"hard sell\" for fiction, and I can see by the other reviews that many people loved it. Lucky them!On a slightly more analytic level, I'd say that what prevented me from enjoying the book was the \"voice\" of the narrator, who is supposed to be a man in his nineties remembering his youth in the circus. I'm a man approaching seventy, with some circus experiences as a teenager in Iowa and as the father of a circus acrobat in the Cirque de Soleil era. I found the \"voice\" of the narrator unconvincing, extremely unconvincing, as a male of the species and as a male American of the 1930s and 1940s. I couldn't get past that central implausibility. I found myself scoffing at the sensibilities of the pseudo-male narrator at every emotional turn of this quite melodramatic novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As most previous reviewers have said, this is a rich tale of circus life in the '30's. The protaganist, Jacob, is appealing with personality and real human emotion. I feel the author Ms. Gruen has well-researched everything-circus in writing this book.I felt while reading this book I was actually seeing what transpired in my mind's eye-I could see the rough characters come alive and could smell the sawdust, cookin grease, animals and popcorn. I felt what the characters felt when they fell upon hard times. This book also opened my eyes regarding how a rough slice of life a small circus can be.Bring on the circus parade!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I usually don't read mass market, best selling paperbacks written by women. Nothing wrong with women writers I just don't read them. A friend at work asked if I wanted to read this book and her previous recs were mostly good.I really enjoyed this story. It was a nice change of pace.If you are a guy read this book cause you then have opportunity to see: What girls want in a man and why girls act like they do. That seems like a blanket statement but being a guy I would not have done many things the hero did and I couldn't understand why he thought what he did and was so against sound advice til I realized the author was a women and she was trying to write from a guys perspective. Of course what I have written may not be true and there are surely arguments against but I think I am right.I think you should read this book and am looking forward to the movie"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was apprehensive about reading this book since I watched the movie first. I didn't want to compare and then end up with mixed feelings. I'm so happy that I did watch the movie first because I feel I had a better view of the books layout. The story kept me on the edge of my seat even though I had expectations for the events outcomes. I love that the story of Jacob was related to the bible and I commend the author for that. Amazing book. I love the feeling after reading an outstanding  book and this is surely one of them. Excellent job."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As a person in his 70s who deals with a mother-in-law in her 90s, I found much Jacob's trials in the nursing home close to home. That he could escape into the memory of his youthful connection with the circus was probably a life saver for him.Ms Gruen did a masterful job of separating and at the same time blending Jacob's experiences in his youth with those in his present state of being 90 or 93.It is worth reading this book all the way through to get to a surprising and wonderful end that I shall not reveal so as not to spoil it for others.Ms Gruen obviously researched circuses. Her attention to detail, both when she wrote about the circus and also when she wrote about the nursing home helped make the story realistic.All in all, it was well written and held my attention."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Even people who say \"I only read nonfiction\" can enjoy this entertaining novel, which is rich with fascinating details about life in a traveling circus during Prohibition and the Depression. For example, circus members stocked up on booze in Canada and sneaked it across the border into the US  by storing it in the middle of the train car carrying camels, because camels spit, and customs agents didn't want to mingle with them. Against an unusual background, the fictional characters (humans and other animals) weave a story that keeps readers turning the pages."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There is a reason this book is so popular. Not only is a swift-moving adventure, a historical fiction, but it's a a love story about life. And, Sarah Gruen is extremely adept at vividly describing the interior life -- not only of the circus and circus life she so carefully researched but also the interior, psychological experience of her characters, including Jacob, the lead character -- even as an old man. She enters into his experience so deeply that it is impossible as a reader, not to as well! You see the nursing home, the circus, the animals, the rough competition, and the connection.Sarah Gruen has created a book which transcends the circus, and highlights the importance of life and living, no matter how old we are.This is indeed summer reading, and one of the best books I've read all year."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love this novel. I started reading a printed version, but I had a hard time distinguishing character voices as it was not always marked. And then there were alternating \"young\" and then \"old\" point of view chapters. Before giving up (because I have the same type of challenge when I read Amy Tan novels), I switched to the audio \"book on tape\" and LOVED the book. One of the best novels I've read. And the voice-over talent who read the audio version is a very, very good storyteller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There is a reason that this book has so many 5 star reviews...I avoided reading this for a while because I didn't think that I'd be interested in novel set in a circus during the depression, but I finally picked it up after yet another person told me how good it was.  I'm so glad that I did!  It really is the best thing that I've read in a long time.  I quickly became engrossed and could not put it down.  Do yourself a favor and give it a try, you will not be disappointed. Oh, and I LOVED the ending!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Too graphic for kids, too infantile for adults...this was just an OK book. I read it because several people recommended it for our book club at work. Many of the characters were so badly drawn and one-dimensional that I lost interest mid-story. The August character in particular was the worst creation: he's a ripoff of Nathan from William Styron's \"Sophie's Choice.\" Marlena is just sequined cardboard. I enjoyed the setting because there's something fascinating about circuses, or else I would have rated this lower than 3 stars. For a book supposedly about people who care about animals, it doesn't have touching moments or much emotion. Vastly overrrated novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love historical novels, and this is one of my favorites. The circus in the Great Depression era is a great setting for the underlying love story. The internal struggles the main characters go through are timeless, and highly resonate with our modern times, perhaps in part because both eras had economic hardship. The book is narrated by a 93 (or 96, as he can't remember his real age) man. His character is very well put together, very real. The book has an optimistic message of triumph over adversity and the value of friendship and true love."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It's also the only circus novel I've ever read. This is an entertaining drama novel with a love triangle. The characters are nicely fleshed out, and there is a nice to and fro between Jacob's current life as a ninety year old and his adventures in the circus. Gruen does a charming job of describing Jacob as an old man and the ending is very good. Whilst the book is good I think it has been lucky that it has benefitted from great marketing and a big budget film as there are other books which are more powerful & more deserving than this book that have not received any recognition.Enjoyably recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water For Elephants, written by Sara Gruen, is a book told as a memoir by a fictional ninety-something old man about his time with the circus as a young man. This experience matured him and forever changed the direction of his life.This book is charming. I could relate to the characters and understand their motivations easily. I enjoyed reading it and have re-read it several times. I highly recommend it to everyone. (Should be at parents discretion as there are some adult themes. Probably best for those over thirteen.)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When this book is telling the story of the circus, it is fascinating, describing a world that most readers know nothing about. But, possibly in an attempt to make it more \"commercial\", the author has chosen to focus on the love story, which is predictable. In those scenes, fascination turns to boredom.Use all that research (described in detail at the end of the book), Ms Gruen, to tell us more stories of the roustabouts, performers, animals and freaks of the circus - and forget the \"plot\" and the soap!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a beautifully constructed book. The circus atmosphere is rich and detailed, and it's redolent of its time period. The images are strong and the pace, while not fast, is stately -- perhaps the way an elephant moves??I deducted a star for two reasons. First, it seemed that some leaps in the story came too quickly. Jacob should have spent a bit more time with Rosie before he made the statement \"I was close to falling in love with her;\" that happened a bit too fast to be believable. Also, the ENDING was awful: contrived and saccharine. That was a huge disappointment, after the rest of the book.Overall, though, a literary and very good read, two things that don't always go together."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first heard about Water for Elephants as a project that began during NaNoWrimo a few years back when I was trying NaNoWrimo for the first time. It was inspiring to hear.Yet it took me years to get around to reading this book despite many recommendations.I LOVED it!The author did a lovely job of handling so many characters big and small. She kept solid control over their little quirks, tics, etc.I particularly enjoyed seeing everything first-person present through Jacob's eyes, but I do think he was more of a woman's man than a man's man. Not that I need him to be a boar or a brute, but he was a touch more on the emotional swing side than I generally like in male characters in stories of this ilk.Didn't really matter though, because the whole package of this tale enchanted me.Wholeheartedly recommend (but be prepared to be disappointed with the movie if you read the book first)."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was really eager to read this book after seeing all the great reviews for it.  However,  I started reading it and could not get into it.  The whole first half dragged for me, with not too much going on in the story. The writing was difficult to read at times, and I agree with some of the reviewers here, it often read as a screenplay which made it that much harder to get into.  But about halfway through the book, the plot starts moving and I actually end up finishing the book and I'm glad I did.  I'm still not sure why the book itself is getting rave reviews, but I am looking forward to seeing how the movie version of the book will turn out."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finally got around to reading Water for Elephants, it's been on my Kindle forever. I was interested in seeing the movie, but didn't want to until I read the book.It was good, especially the end. At times I wanted to finish just to move on to my next book, but at the end of I was hooked on seeing what would happen next. For some reason, I didn't get what all the craze was about though. Probably because I read a lot of really excellent books this year, including another circus book that blew this one away."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I read a book, I want to immerse myself in it.  I don't want jarring inconsistencies to remind me that it's fiction, and not particularly well written fiction at that.  The speech of Jacob, who supposedly is in the setting of 70 years ago, is disturbingly nonauthentic.  People at that time didn't use the same phrases we use now and putting them in, when you're picturing them in the dress and background of that time period is annoying and unnecessary.  This author needed a better editor.  It's not a 'best' book and the fact that the author is begging for votes makes you wonder about her integrity."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I thought this book was wonderful!  I loved the way the author juxtaposes the young Jacob with the older Jacob; such a method has the potential to be jerky or awkward, but the transitions are smooth and the reader can easily manage to keep up with both storylines.Gruen is a skilled storyteller, I was caught from the first page and couldn't put the book down.  I love when a book does that, and makes me both happy and sad, and this book does both of these things at various points.  The most emotional aspect of the book for me was how Jacob felt about being in a nursing home, his frustration at having a \"young\" mind in an older body, and being treated as though he's senile by the nursing home staff as well as his own family.  This happens a lot in our culture, we tend to pack away the old because we don't want to be reminded of what we will be one day.  Wonderful, wonderful.  5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Possibly the best book I've read in nearly 20 years. An easy, yet difficult at the same time read, I found myself unable to put it down although there were parts so heart-wrenching, my eyes filled with tears throughout this realistically-written novel. Also, the movie based on this book is one of the very few which Hollywood did not completely destroy (but PLEASE read the book first!).And guys, this isn't just some flaky chick-lit...my boyfriend read it with me (HIS idea!), finished it first, then hounded me to hurry up and finish reading it so he could discuss it with me. And he doesn't usually take an interest in anything that's not Lord of the Rings-esque.So, go forth, read and enjoy-I own both the book and the Kindle version-either way, it's a winner."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Although the book jacket suggested the storyline as a love story, I truly became engrossed in the life in the circus.  After reading the novel, I had to go online and check out historical facts on circus stampedes, fires, and train wrecks. Being a part of the circus family in the 1930's was no easy or safe occupation.The characters are filled with depth, and Jacob, the protagonist, gives the reader a true insight to an honest and loyal man in his twenties and nineties.Maybe it's not always easy to put in words as to the \"whys\", but it's definitely a book you don't want to put down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Loved it! This was a really complete story. The characters were fascinating, the setting exotic and the story enthralling from the beginning. The writing didn't get in the way of the story (which I love). I loved the animal characters and their relations with the humans. It had a \"Life of Pi\" vibe, but was more grounded in reality. I got very attached to the main character as an old man (it jumps back and forth - but not in an annoying way - really lends itself to telling the epic of his life while only delving into a few years of it). The author shows restraint describing any suffering of animals and lowly circus workers - which I appreciate - can't stand when they knock you over the head with it. Very well researched, no boring details - just the good stuff :)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants captivates the reader with its deeply moving and touching storyline.It is charming,magical.... laced with sadness,humour,joy. The story of a young man who loses everything dear to him in this world and then finds meaning and happiness in the most unexpected and least likely place....a traveling circus. The book really brings to life the spirit and times of a traveling circus(set in the backdrop of the Great Depression). Its many colorful,unique characters vividly bring to life this largly forgotten bygone era.Water for Elephants is simply a pleasure to read.  The only drawback to the book is that there is quite a bit of cursing and several sexually explicit passages that might offend certain readers.If you can overlook or skip these rough spots you will certainly experience great pleasure in reading Water for Elephants."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I decided to start writing reviews since I always read through them before buying a book. I'll probably only give a handful of five-star reviews. This and Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet are my favorite books from what I've read this past year, and I've done a lot of reading.  The story just sucked me in.  Usually when a book goes back and forth between past and present there is one time period I prefer over another.  I will trudge through the less preferred period of time just to get to the better part.  In this book, I enjoyed both past and present equally. It's just well done."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a beautiful story Sara has woven with \"Water for Elephants\".  It really made me reflect on how difficult it must be for elderly people to have lost most of their friends and loved ones and how them can only relive the memories of their lives.  This book was captivating--love, adventure,friendship, excitement, betrayal, and the special love between animals and humans--all rolled into one wonderful tale.  From the time I started reading it-it was all I could do to put it down--kept me awake reading until I couldn't keep my eyes open anymore.I will definitely be keeping watch for any new books written by Sara Guren--she is a fantastic story teller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I found this book to be between 3 and 4 stars, but closer to a four. The first sentence had a grammatical error, and the descriptions were too involved and wordy, so I was afraid I would be disappointed. I wasn't. It turned out to be a well-written book. Gruen actually took me to the circus world in the early thirties, and I lived it along with Jacob. Not only that, but seeing Jacob in his nineties, gives the reader a new appreciation for the elderly. Although I could have done without the cursing and gritty sex scenes, I still found the book interesting, at times delightful, and well worth the read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Spolier Alert (kinda): I really enjoyed the reflection of the characters past and present. I found the love story to be a bit wishy washy.  when visting the main characters past I didn't really buy into the &#34;love at first sight&#34; idea. Not sure why, but I was asking why? Why did Marlena fall in love with Jacob? What made him stand out so much? It sounds bad that i say that, but I just didn't feel a spark between the characters. The whole damsel in distress was manufactured. Additionally, it was super convenient the way they ended up together in the end. Overall, I did enjoy the story and I was more drawn to the present version Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story alternates between present-day and flashbacks through the mind of our now 93-year-old main character.  The historical aspects of this book are incredibly well-researched and do a great deal to advance the plot of the story.  Unfortunately, the present-day scenes are rather dull.  I found myself skimming over those sections because I was eager to return to reading about Jacob's life working on the circus in the 1930s.The love story in this book - a tale of forbidden love between Jacob and Marlena, the married star of the big top show - is sweet, but ultimately predictable.  With the exception of one sharp twist, I felt that the love story ending of this novel is fairly cookie cutter.  That being said, I can't deny the fact that I was thoroughly entertained by every page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants was one of those books that was difficult to put down.  The prose flowed very smoothly. The subject of the circus world during the depression was well researched and make accessible to the reader.  It could be read on many levels, but even a surface level was satisfying.My only problem, as with many best sellers, was that the action was in places not very realistic.  This may be a bit picky, but after suffering from a concussion, nobody is ready to climb on top of a moving train and hop between cars, no matter how pumped they are with adrenaline.  Such lapses in credibility hurt an otherwise wonderful novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was just pointless. I feel like I was reading a novel generated by a random plot generator which spit out a circus, an old guy and a young guy-- nothing had the tactical feel of reality in this book. It was mediocre at best. Even the title of the novel was anticlimactic, given that one of old Jacob's nursing home fellows said he used to carry water for elephants and then not mentioned again. This novel is devoid of anything making it worth reading: Complex plot? No; Mercurial characters? No; Insights into the human condition? No; Stupendous vocabulary and/or Joycean constructions with the English language? No. Instead, we are left with chapter after chapter of a book better suited as children's literature."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I found this book fairly well crafted, but did not believe in the characters or the story, which seemed awfully thin and contrived. The author admits in a postscript that she borrowed extensively from old newspaper stories and made up composite characters based on real-life people and animals, which is close to plagiarism if you ask me. The main character, Jacob, who is 93, and tell the story in flashbacks, is much too lucid for his age to be credible, and Marlena, the woman he eventually steals, comes across as flat and uninteresting.Like other reviewers, I found the dialogue artificial and at times anachronistic. Haven't seen the movie but not much source material to work with."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My good mate John down at Matilda's book store  in Mount Waverley ordered this book in for me and it would have to be my favourite novel so far this year.The reader is introduced to 90 something year old Jacob who is a resident in an Old Folk's Home. Jacob talks about his past beginning with not completing his Vet Exams and finding himself in a travelling cirus during the Depression Era in America. Beneath the tinsel and cotton candy you find that the circus consists of hard men who never thought twice about throwing anybody from a  moving train.There is brutality and violence in this book and also the search for dignity in this cold tough world. Naturally 5 stars for this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I could write a book about this book but will keep it short and simple.  This book tells a very entertaining story of Jacob (never referred to as \"Jake\" in the book) and a twist of fate that sees his fate aligned with a circus after his parents are killed.  It's a very engaging book, well written and enough to keep you reading into the wee hours of the night.  I can't imagine the movie could possibly keep up but may give it a shot.  I don't see Robert Pattison as Jacob necessarily.Great book!  And for those who seemed to think the book fell flat - you're digging too deep for meaning - relax and enjoy a good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The strength of the book is its narrative flow. I particularly liked the little catch-words that usually connected the \"assisted living\" chapters with the circus chapters. Gruen generally wrote in such connections, and I found them both ingeniously crafted and useful in uniting the narrative.In addition to telling a great story, Gruen gives a remarkably detailed picture of the circus world of the 1930s. I had definitely never heard of a \"cooch tent\" before reading this book, for example, and Gruen's depiction of its solo practitioner is thoughtful, humane, and free of cliches. The ideas of circuses getting booted out of town, of people getting booted off the circus trains, and of entrepreneurs cannibalizing the remnants of failed circuses were also quite fascinating.To the extent that Gruen wanted to make an analogy to the biblical Jacob story by obscurely dropped hints and anagrammed names, I think, however, that she pushed too far. This novel stands nicely on its own without this type of symbolism or metaphor."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Beautifully written with characters that define humanity with their strengths but more so their weaknesses, WATER FOR ELEPHANTS is a most touching tale that brings the reader into a completely different and lost world of the travelling circuses during the Great Depression.What makes Sara Gruen's novel all too unique is her ability to bring us into the lives of her ordinary characters leading such extraordinary existence in the circus world.  Amidst the spectacle to provide temporary entertainment lies the cruelty and the debauchery never seen outside the performance area. A grumpy dwarf and his pet, an elephant who exhibits exceptional talent and is more human than the people around her ... a circus star and a would-be vet ... who would have thought that an insight into their lives can so summarize the abandonment of youth ...and the sadness of old age reviewing an existence that has come to pass?One of the most worthwhile reads for quite a time, this novel is a gem."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After hearing so much hype about this book I quickly read it before the movie came out. I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't the super excited about it either. I liked the perspective from which the story was told - a feisty 90-something old man reflecting in flashbacks on his adventures in a travelling circus 70 years earlier, while lamenting the indignities of his current nursing-home existence.  Jacob Jankowski, just days from the final exams at Cornell University becoming a vet, had his world forever altered when his parents are killed in an auto accident. Alone, frightened and penniless, the 23 yr. old hops a train, never intending to &#8220;run away with the circus&#8221;. Harsh conditions at the circus and an insane animal trainer are some of the things Jacob has to contend with living his life with the circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book! I couldn't put it down! It was a bit \"fluffier\" reading than I originally thought it would be, but it was fabulous none-the-less. The descriptions are vivid, not cliched; the characters are interesting; and the weaving of present-day Jacob with the Jacob of a bygone era is delightful.I would call this a must read... not because it will change your life or make you think about the world around you, but because it is just so enjoyable. I gave it a 4.5 because it isn't a book that will make you think long after the last page is read, but it will make you sad you've left the colorful circus world of Jacob Jankowski."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had heard of this book for awhile and kept considering it but I hate to say it wasn't until I saw the trailer for the movie coming out soon that really caught my attention. So the next day I went out and bought it, starting it immediately. The story is extremely well written, with details that enabled me to picture how everything appeared in a big top circus during that time. You immediately connect with Jacob from the start as his journey continues, pulling for him page after page. The other characters are well written with the story, feeling the happiness, joy and sadness each of them feel as the story continues.It's really hard not to say too much without giving the story away. This is a book I will be recommending to everyone as it is a story that has a bit of everything wrapped into one- so many emotions page after page. Knowing the fate of most the characters at the end, you want more but already have an idea of how their story ends."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Have you ever asked yourself these questions? \"What is a life worth? How do you judge if someone is worth saving? What does it mean to be human? What distinguishes an animal from a human being?\" Hidden beneath this easy-to-read though dark coming-of-age romance is a theme that prompts the reader to ask the above questions. The answer come through the reminiscing of protagonist Jacob Jankowski--a man at the end of his fascinating life. The story begins with the circus rolling into town, triggering a flood of Jankowski's memories, full of pleasure, joy, love, hate, regret & guilt. Sara Gruen brings the quaint circus existence of the mid 20th century to life through meticulous research and wonderful storytelling. Anyone who ever dreamed of running away to the big top or just dreamed of running away should read this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a good book about the circus (a comment I never thought I would ever make).  Jacob's story is heartbreakingly sympathetic.  Ms. Gruen's mastery of the circus vocabulary really sets the stage for the plotline.  A remarkable amount of reseach went into writing circus lore.  This is no Barnum and Bailey's Greatest Show on Earth.  This is a downtrodden, edging ever closer to disaster circus run by the same type of people.  I must admit I had to skip anything that resembled animal cruelty (although I am sure it is factual).  My inability to deal with this led to my giving the book only 4 stars.  A reflection on the reviewer more than on the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a delightful summer read. Everything about this book was good. You could really identify and feel passionate (good or bad) about the characters, including the animals. All the loose ends are wrapped up. It makes me feel nostalgic and she has a way of transporting you back in time without being too wordy. The book is well written and entertaining. This was pretty  much the best book I read all summer. I even cried a little at the end. :) I really hope they make this book into a movie. It would be such a great movie if it was done correctley. Everyone should read this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was amazing. The pace is almost like the circus train itself: it starts chugging forward slowly and then before you know it, you're flying so fast you can barely keep your balance! Gruen's writing is so evocative -- you feel like you are on that train and in those tents. You taste the food, smell the smells, hear the sounds, feel the animals and the movement of the train. It's amazing that she could write so vividly about an era in history with which she had no prior knowledge before writing the book.The only thing I didn't like about it were the scenes involving animal cruelty. I knew they would be there, given the subject matter, but it was still difficult. However, I give Gruen credit for not making them gratuitous. They were important to developing the story line and the characters.All in all, a great ride!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow! Water for Elephants was recommended by a friend of mine. She loved the book so much, she bought it for me. I am happy she did!! This story was heartfelt, mind blowing, awesomely good!!!!!! Sara definitely has a masterpiece on her hands. Jacob and Marlena' s life, Rosie, all the crew, and other animals. What they went through and how they end up. I loved and cried. Camel and Walter, so sad. Water for Elephants is A must read!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the worst books I have ever read. I have to admit I did not finish it. It was simultaneously boring, cliched, badly written and trite. Oh and repetitive. The only redeeming feature of the book was the parts where Jacob was an old man. If the author could write like that more consistently then she would be on to something. I cannot figure out why people love this book so much. If you compare it to another recently very popular book, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, at least that book was riveting, even though it was also not very well written. I am not looking for Faulkner, but if a book is not high literature it should at least have a compelling plot. This book had neither neither good writing style nor an interesting plot. Don't waste your time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It honestly took me weeks to finally talk myself into buying this book, I just said screw it and did it. I started reading it and could not put it down. By far my favorite book. (this month anyhow) I love to read the books before I see the movie and even though 9 out of 10 times I am very disapointed with the movie I honestly can not wait to see this movie! I think that the book was so real and made me feel like part of the circus so much that watching the movie will make me feel even more so part of the circus. I passed this book along to a \"reading buddy\" of mine and told her just read it! She text me the next day and said she had just finished it and it was SOOOOOO GOOD (This girl in not one to read a book in a day) If you are reading these reviews trying to descide weather to buy this or not by suggestion is.... Just buy it! Well worth the money!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book at the recommendation of a client...I loved it!  I read this book quite some time ago about two years ago and still think about some of the characters.  While reading this book, I often found myself so deep in the story, I could smell the smells and hear all of the people talking.  I want to see the movie as I am sure it will be entertaining, my only concern outside of the obvious, (if you read a lot you will agree it is a rare movie that can compare to the book).  I  so enjoyed this book and I would be disappointed if the characters were not portrayed as beautifully on the big screen as I have them in my mind.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a beautifully written story that is sure to stay with you long after the final page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I dont need to go into too much detail, as most of the reviews here have covered the plot.  I downloaded this on my kindle app during a horrendous layover at the airport, and it was nice read that kept my interest.  For some reason this book reminds me of Mitch Albom, in the style it was written and the flashbacks.  Looking forward to the movie, as I had envisioned the main character Marlena to look very similar to Reese Witherspoon during my read.  Pictures kept the chapters interesting as well."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book. It's about an lonely old man in a nursing home who's memories are sparked with the circus comes to town. He remembers back to his youth when he left veterinary school because of his parent's tragic deaths and joined the traveling circus. He details his unique experiences in the traveling show and of all the colorful people he became friends and enemies with. As mentioned in the title, there is an elephant, but the story is really about a young man's experiences as he struggles and learns his place in the hierarchy of circus and in life. Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'd probably never have picked up this book on my own, but it was chosen by a book club I've been coerced into joining.  It was an enjoyable book and very quick to read.  It's the story of a young man who accidently joins a mangy circus during the depression following a personal tragedy, and grows up in the process.  The background of the circus, particularly at this time in recent history, was vivid and fascinating, and it would be worth reading the book for that alone."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was nothing short of amazing. From the first page to the last, I did not want to put it down and when it ended, I was sad it was over. One of the things that makes the book so strong is the characters. from Jacob to August to \"Rosie\", there isn't a character that I did not feel moved by at one point or another.There is a dark side to the circus life and this book will show you things you never imagined that happen outside the Big Top. So, if you are going to buy one book this year, make it this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen's gorgeous new novel, 'Water For Elephants,' unfolds as a dual narrative, alternating between Jacob Jankowski's life as a nonagenarian, and his time spent working for a ragtag Depression-era circus as a young man. The plot is captivating (I missed two meals because I didn't want to put the book down) and Gruen's writing, as always, is transcendent. She deftly evokes a fascinating period in American history that deserves to be revisited, and her characters--human and animal alike--will stay with you long after you turn the last page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book hit every note for me.  Gruen had me the moment she introduced Jacob as a veterinarian and Marlena as a horsewoman.  Perfection!The adventures, the setting, the desperation of the animals, the workers and of the lovers all came together to make such a beautiful, memorable read for me. Sweet revenge and a perfect ending make this one of my top ten reads (and re-reads) time after time.  I've since recommended it to many people and it remains a favorite to this day."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book last year and am sincerely hoping that the movie is able to sufficiently capture the adventure, romance, and poignancy.  I not only enjoyed the flashbacks to the days in the circus - I REALLY enjoyed the perspective of the character in a current day nursing home.  This book has it all and is written in a way that it easily became a movie in my mind as I read.  Many times books like this have sad endings but the ending to this story is excellent!  I highly recommend this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I know there are hundreds of reviews for this book, but I liked it so much, I just had to add mine. I usually read a book before seeing the movie. I fing that the book is generally better than the movie. This book was amazing. I felt like I was living in a real circus. I am also a nurse, so can identify with the main character in a nursing home. Nursing home people are so very lonely. anyway, this is a real story, like the ones you were told when you were young. It took me back and made me feel like I was truely there. You have to read it. Maybe I'll see the movie now.barbara"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Despite haunting cover art and a great title, despite obvious research and well thought out prose, and despite the fact that this book is the darling of the Independent Booksellers Association, I felt let down.  Part of the problem was that I expected a lot and had held this book on my shelf, until I could really savor it.  It does start out strong, and Gruen keeps her time periods well separated.  But the characters, especially the narrator, feel stock and unfinished and merely devices on which to hang the proceeds of research.  Because of the plusses of the book enumerated in the opening sentence of my review, I give 3 stars, but for the back story, it would be fewer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have to admit I was a bit skeptical of this book. \"A book about a circus? How good could that really be?\" I thought. It took awhile for me to get into it too. It wasn't that the beginning was boring or anything, it just took me a little while to get into the plot of the story. After I did though, I couldn't put it down. I lost sleep over the need to finish this book. Some parts I found surprisingly funny. It was an overall, all around good book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water For Elephants was just what I wanted in a book right now: an easy read, fun, romantic, with a unique setting. Sara Gruen's research into the life of long forgotten train circuses and America in the 1930s was obviously extensive and the way she used her knowledge in the writing of the book was loving and playful and made me want to learn more about it. There were a few things that I looked up, curious to know if they were the author's invention or actual historical facts that she incorporated into her story. For example, I had never heard of \"Jake Leg\" before and commend her for revealing in the context of her book parts of American history that most people must be unfamiliar with. The characters were well drawn and the fictional Circus she created was completely believable. I loved the photographs that accompanied each chapter which added to the believablity of her story. I would recommend this book to anyone looking to immerse themselves in a good old fashioned yarn filled with romance and even a little danger."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Loved it! Absolutely loved it! The story was sweet, complicated and funny at times and it didn't leave me hanging. The story was completed and I love that! So many books leave you without finishing what was started and I liked that this one didn't. You find out exactly where the characters end up. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I could've done without the nursing home flashbacks, and I felt that the elderly Jacob's personality didn't match the younger Jacob's personality. At times i wished the whole book was set in the circus days, but then I feel like the reader wouldn't have gotten the sense of closer that comes with knowing where the character ends up in life.Overall, a wonderful story! I highly recommend it, and hope the movie doesn't ruin it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book.  I could not put it down, because I was in such suspense about what would happen next.  I particularly love the storyline of the character as an old man in a nursing home - having worked in nursing homes, the descriptions are spot on.  I laughed out loud at his antics, and cried when characters I had grown to love were lost to tragedy.  I have never read a book where an elephant is a main character and pivotal to the story.  All I can say is \"WOW.\""}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I saw this book in the bookstore and it sounded very interesting so I got it out of the library. I wasn't disappointed. It was very easy to read and flowed nicely. Very interesting and quirky characters which I liked. Rosie the elephant was a great character. I agree with one of the other reviewers who compared the book to Sophies Choice. I thought the same thing when we meet the ringmaster. I really enjoyed the book but I was disappointed that there were a couple of parts that were unnecessarily crude (as opposed to necessarily crude?). It's like the female writer of the book had to prove that she could be as crude as any man. Other than that, it was one of my favourite books this year."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For me, this book reminded me of being a little kid.  I could picture myself sitting at the foot of my grandfather's bed as he told me stories of his youth and the adventures that came with it.  I was instantly transported to the 1930's and to the world of the traveling circus.  The author wrote with such clarity and viviid realism, that I was shocked when I later read that at the time she started writiing the novel, she has never been to a circus.  This novel is beautiful and moving, and certainly one that I will pass along to others."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm torn on my opinion about this book which I just finished last night.  I loved the parts where Jacob was old; it successfully portrayed the anguish and confusion anyone would feel when their independence, privacy, and basically their rights are taken away from them. I really felt it.  The story grabbed me right away and continued to be enjoyable and interesting through about half the book; then it deteriorated a bit after that.  All in all though I enjoyed the book and the characters and am not sorry I read it.  Definitely easy reading.Laura"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book because it was rated so highly and it was a NaNoWriMo novel. Somehow I made it to the bit that describes the old man having a shower which is about a 1/3 the way through according to my Kindle progress bar. I don't know how. I found it so incredibly vulgar that I just couldn't keep going. I didn't even care enough about the characters or the story to skip to the last few pages to find out what happened. In fact, I wish I could erase what I did read from my head and gain back the time I wasted reading it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have never been a fan of the circus, but I do enjoy historical fiction, so I gave this one a try. I was skeptical at best when starting. The story is mildly interesting, entertaining,and entirely predictable. The characters were shallow, not well developed, but the story moves along quickly enough so this is not a big distraction. An earlier reveiwer summarized the book as \"melodramatic\" and I completely agree. It is like popcorn; light, fluffly, easy to digest and quickly forgotten. Not a bad way to spend a rainy weekend -- if there is nothiing on TV."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't sure about this - circus and elephants and all. I was afraid it was going to be about animal abuse and very sad. Well - there is that, but it's so much more than that. You'll be transported to a different time and a location most of us will never experience - the backdoor view of a circus. Each character is so real, I felt I could regonize them.  And although I wasn't even around when the story took place - at least the early part, I could picture everything right down to the smells and sounds! The author has a terrific grasp of aging as well. Sympathetic but not syrupy. The aged Jacob is quite a character as he struggles with the indignities associated with 'assisted' living and the recollections of a past - recollections that he was just now ready to reveal at age 90 or was that 93?"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've been seeing this book for years at book stores and amazon website but for some reason I wasn't interested. The idea of a novel that takes place in a circus didn't seem exciting to me. Then, the kindle version of the book is offered with a great price and I reluctantly buy it and even more reluctantly read it. What a surprise... I really enjoyed it and couldn't put it down. The main character, Jacob, is brilliant especially at old age. I learned a lot about circus life and people. I thought the ending was marvelous. Now, I have to watch the movie and see how it compares to the novel. Very enjoyable read and highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "WE was terrific out of the starting blocks, vivid and well-researched, replete with interesting characters.  Along the way, though, it increasingly took on the feel of a creative writing exercise -- ever lighter on research, weaker on character development, and thinner on plot.  In the end, I found WE disappointing.  Like many historical novels by contemporary young authors, WE is only shallowly situated in its particular historical context (depression era, circus).  Every now and then the author tosses in a cliched reference to food lines to remind the reader of the historical moment; otherwise, nothing to suggest the landscape (literal and figurative) through which the Benzini Brothers train chugs ever onwards.  I emerged from WE with far less of a feel for circuses or society in the 1930s, or for aging and the elderly today, than I should have.  WE reads like an entertaining short story stretched to the breaking point.  There just isn't enough 'there' there..."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A very well-written piece of literary fiction that is not easily forgotten.  I picked up the novel because of its great reviews and my disdain for the circus and inhumane treatment of circus animals, but ended up loving it because of a very engaging plot and my great affection for the main character in particular.  This novel is SO much more than a great story of Depression-era circus workers and performers; that simply lays the very interesting foundation. The ending was the best I've read in a long time and brought the novel full circle.  I look forward to more books by Sara Gruen!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the best books I've read in years.  It had excellent character development and I had to keep reminding myself that it was fiction.  Since hearing about the dreadful Hartford circus fire from my mother (who had friends perish), I have always found it to be such an interesting topic.  This bridged the gap from story to reality by referencing some of the real aspects of the circus by utilizing that backdrop with an interesting storyline.  I cannot wait until the next book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This audiobook was so well done! Two different readers provide for the voices of the man at 93, living in a rest home and his 23 year old self in memory. Alternate chapters keep the reader torn between hearing the story of Jacob and his experiences with a circus during the depression and his later self coping with another type of depression as he deals with a worn out body and his limited life as he waits to die. Anyone with compassion for older people will find this story heart wrenching and enlightening at the same time. Excellent!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For me, this book was like making a dear friend, and then bidding him farewell. I tried to savor this story, but couldn't put it down either. I was so sad when I got to the last page and it was over.I think the other reviews cover the storyline well...and I'm not a fan of giving away endings, but in general, it has vivid character development, authentic to the period and circus era of the depression years... and despite some graphic scenes (which add to rather than take away), it was a great, great read.I suspect it will be hailed as one of summer 2008's top beach reads...and will be on my recommend list to anyone who will listen for a long time to come."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After all the hype about this book, I finally gave in to reading a borrowed copy. I wanted to like it, truly I did.  I made it to page 164 with some effort.  The characters were not developed well enough for me to like them.  Also, I work with elderly people and the narrator as an elderly man was not altogether believable.What I did enjoy was learning a bit about the circus business  back in the 30s.Please if you know of some real 5-star novels, non-romance, let me know."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had numerous kin, friends and co-workers tell me to read Sara Gruen's Water for Elephants.  I told each person that as soon as I obtain the opportunity I would read the novel.  The narrator, Jacob, did an eminent job guiding the reader.  Personally I didn't feel everything he was going through, but I was able to help justify his actions.  For instance when he finally yelled at August or when he consummated his love for Marlena.  What intrigued me most about Gruen's writing was her ability to tie the ninety year old Jacob to the circus Jacob.  I was thrilled how she gave Jacob a sense of eudemonia when the book concluded.  Jacob finished up where he began; he ended up right where he wanted to be.  On a scale of 1-10 I would give this book a 9.  All in all when you read it you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Along with the Miracle Life of Edgar Mint, The Secret Life of Bee's, and Kite Runner; this is one of my favorite books.  I read it, gave it to my husband (who rarely reads a book)- he finished it in a week, and my 15 year old daughter - who finished it in a day.  We all really enjoyed it!  The way the author describes life in an old-folks home is hilarious and heartbreaking at the same time.  Even though it started with the end, we all found the book kept us wondering what would happen next!  Especially good for a book club!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book from beginning to end. Along with some entertaining history, this is a beautifully woven tale.  To my mind, a good novel has unexpected twists and surprises .. and this book carried one beautiful surprise all the way through.This book stirred in me an affection for elephants that I hadn't felt since childhood.  Along with The Magician's Elephant by Kate DiCamillo, Water for Elephants helped to inspire the painting \"The Gentle Somnambulist\" which is included in my bookTREASURE Twenty One Paintings and a Key."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water For Elephants was an excellent book detailing what life was like for those who worked for the circus during the Depression era and later.  This wonderful story was told in flashback by a crotchety ninety-year old, man named, Jacob who lives in a nursing home.Other reviewers have already summarized the story very well. Therefore, I just want to add that I especially enjoyed Water For Elephants specifically because it was told from the perspective of an elderly individual who, in telling the circus-days story of his youth, also gave the reader a realistic perspective of aging.  For me, this was what made Sara Gruen's novel all the more compelling.For those who have elderly family in nursing homes, I would recommend that you read this book to your love one. I'm sure they will enjoy it as much as you!Maizie Lucille JamesJanuary 13, 2012"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had such a love hate relationship with this book. I struggled in the beginning that I even wanted to read it, but with all the hype and the movie coming out I figured I should trudge on. Overall, I'm glad I did. After a certain part there really are no dull moments, and lots of plot twists. The writing and character development is phenomenal, although there were a lot of graphic parts that I thought could've been left out and made me not want to continue sometimes (and I'm pretty tough). Towards the end I was flying through it and cannot wait to see how they pull off the movie!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am not sure what I see all the hype about for this book but it was a pageturner, I'll give it that. The writing was very well done as Jacob told his tale of being in the circus all these years later in a nursing home, forgotten and old in body, not in mind.The life of the circus was clearly visible while reading this story as was the life in a nursing home. At first I was more interested to have the chapters go back to the present because the past was so horrible to witness but then his present life wasn't that cozy either.The ending was the best part of the book, for me, as it was most tender. It wasn't a bad read but not an entertaining one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I spent most of this book wondering why Gruen chose to intersperse her primary story of a young man who found himself thrust into the circus life in 1931 with the musings of that same man at the age of 93.  The story of how Jacob came to be in the circus and what happened to him there seemed like enough to me, and Jacob's aged voice seemed unnecessary.  At the end of the book, though, I realized why she gave us both perspectives, and could hardly argue with her narrative device, as the closure it provides works so well."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As a person who usually reads non-fiction books about science and psychology, I thought I'd give myself a break and see what all the hype surrounding Water for Elephants was about. I was not disappointed. It was not the best book I've ever read, but it was very entertaining and a pretty quick read. I was explaining to someone that the story is very formulaic: guy wants girl, can't have girl, ends up getting girl - but it was set against a different backdrop than others. Sometimes that's exactly the kind of book you want to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Nothing more satisfying than a novel with a pleasing ending, and this one does just that, it makes the reader feel content.The story is believable, has you cheering, despairing, and crying for the antagonist and protagonist,and can be thoroughly enjoyed by both men and women.The story takes the reader on a journey of a man who, in the midst of his veterinary college training, ends up hopping a circus train and changes his path dramatically.  It is told through the memory of the 90+ year old man who lived it and is recalling it from his current life in a nursing home.I rarely read books twice, but this is one I would revisit!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Gruen's novel is the story of one man's life.  It is presented both as a recollection of a 93 year old man reflecting on his youth, as well as the current story of the matured man.  The central story revolves around a character that drops out of school after a family tragedy.  Being the depression and few work opportunities available, the character finds himself working with a circus.  The author clearly researched the subject and provides historical photos to provide the reader assistance with the visualization.  Overall, the book was enjoyable up until the last chapter.  I feel like I would have been much happier if the author left this chapter off all together as it in implausible and affected my entire view of the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a WONDERFUL book about a slice of American life that not many people know about.  What was circus life like during the Depression? Don't let the topic discourage you from reading this book.  I was captured by the first line: \"I am ninety. Or ninety-three. One or the other.\"  As I was reading this book, I could see the whole story play out in my mind as the author easily transitioned the storyteller from the present day back to the 1930's and his life on a circus train.  I can't say enough good things about this book.  Read it....It's a true winner!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Life in the circus during the Depression is probably depicted very accurately; times were hard and people were desperate.  The circus setting for the book is excellent; but, in my opinion, the plot is somewhat weak and the ending was less than I had hoped for.As others have described the scenes vary from life in a nursing home to Jacob's past life in the circus.  I actually liked that juxtapostion and felt it was done well.  I loved the pictures in the book and felt they added a lot.  In short, not a bad read, just not as gripping as I had hoped it would be."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book definitely is number one on my list of favorite books (and I read A LOT).  The story is gripping, beautiful and a little sad in some parts.  It's one of those books that you start reading then constantly stop in the middle of whatever you're doing to read \"just one more chapter\".  The writer doesn't leave the reader hanging, wondering what happened to all of the characters but it's not a predictable ending.  Read this book, you will not regret it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can't really say anything that hasn't been said already by the other people who enjoyed this book. There's a reason this book has so many reviews, and it's a good reason. The story sucks you in from the start, and Jankowski remains sharp even when he gets older as evinced by the scenes in present day. Jankowski is a well-made character and the story is as believable as it is engaging. I'd rate this ten stars if I could, but I'm willing to settle for 5 as it's all Amazon will let me do :)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have to say that I was skeptical about reading this book.  A friend of mine talked me into downloading it onto my Kindle...and well...I finished the book in two days.  I wasn't sure about reading about a circus, but it is also a bit of a love story (nothing intense).  I found the book easy to read and I loved the fact that the book goes back to the past and then to the present with the main character (an older man maybe ninety or ninety three) in a nursing home with a sense of humor. I will recommend this book to my friends."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I put this item on my wishlist when it first came out because the premise sounded interesting and then I forgot about it until I saw it was released in paperback. I purchased it and was not let down. The story starts a little slow was you try to make sense of what is going on and whose exactly is this main character, but it takes off from there and I basically read the book in a day and some hours.  I highly recommend, as it really is a great story of time past and present."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For years, \"A Prayer For Owen Meany\" was my favorite book.  Until I read \"Water For Elephants\" for the first time.  I turned the last page and started all over again on page 1. I read it again after that.  I just love every sentence.  Jacob is a hoot!  The ending is the best ending ever!  Totally unexpected and totally true to character.  I live in Chicago, so the Chicago connection was one more sweet moment.  It's just such an all around loving, joyful book, with quirky surprises at every turn.  It made me laugh out loud.  I can't help it . . . I love everything about it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I purposely read Water for Elephants very slowly because I didn't want it to end. I thought the story was imaginative and magical, the characters vivid, and Gruen really brought the gritty 1930s circus atmosphere to life. I rarely re-read books, only because there are so many others to read, but this one I will re-read. One reviewer said it's just a notch above standard chick-lit, and I couldn't disagree more. This is literature. It's a fairy tale for grownups, and I mean that as high praise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a wonderful story! It is all at once funny, heart-breaking, and thought-provoking. I found myself so absorbed in the story that when I had to stop reading in the course of a day I was disoriented for a few minutes before I could deal with my real life. That, to me, is a sign of a great book. I loved how seamlessly the narrative moved between Jacob as an old man of ninety, or ninety-three, and the young Jacob especially. There were no odd stops and starts and no chunks of time missing between past and present. And the end had me flipping back to the beginning to see if I read it right the first time (but in a good way)! Absolutely wonderful!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is one of those books that I've been hearing about ever since it came out. In an age-old storyline, the main character ends up working with a beautiful and charming woman, and the only problem is her cruel but powerful husband - the twist here is that the whole thing is set in a traveling circus. The characters were interesting, the story engaging and not too terribly predictable, but I thought my respect for it suffered from because it had been so highly rated - I find it much easier to read a book without any preconceived notions of how much I will like it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an engaging story from start to finish. The author did a wonderful job telling Jacob Jankowski's story as an old man biding his time in an assisted living facility waiting to go to the circus, and as a young adult, who after finding himself homeless and parentless, jumps a circus train.I found the ending a bit surprising, but beautiful all the same. This was an easy read and something I couldn't put down. I love it when an author is truly able to bring you back to a time and place and make it so believable as Sara Gruen has done with Water for Elephants.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen spins a yarn, more than just a circus story, filled with memorable characters (not all human, some at a crucial crossroads), and highly dramatic events juxtaposed with the loneliness of old age. Near the end of his life, Jacob Jankowski finds himself reminiscing about his salad days, as painful as they might have been. He knows life is about the pleasure and the pain; you can't have one without the other (like good and evil). After a tragic loss, Jacob finds a home with a traveling circus as a veterinarian and along the way he: loses his virginity, makes some true friends, learns some valuable life lessons, and falls in love. But above all this book is about his grand love affair, how it began and how it will end. Oh, and there's an elephant named Rosie mixed in there too. I recommend this strongly. 4.5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Given the number and quality of this book's other reviews on this site, I'll keep my comments short.  When a reader has a book that contains an otherwise unfamiliar setting made familiar though amazingly extensive detail, fully developed characters, a strong storyline, and subtly woven literary themes, they have a great book.  Water for Elephants is such a book.  Gruen's novel is proof that the combination of exhaustive research and solid writing makes an unforgettably stunning book.  This is one instance where the number of positive reviews don't lie:  Water for Elephants is worth reading."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've just finished the book and liked it a great deal. Some of the research which underpins the book was outstanding. Depression era circuses, train circuses as Ms Gruen calls them, being a hobo on the rails, the brain of an elephant and the thread about Jamaican Ginger - all were fascinating - as was the almost seamless blending of the two time periods. Clearly the lady can absorb large quantities of research information and transform that into an excellent novel. She clearly, and obviously, loves animals. Will I buy the two other books listed here on Amazon? I don't think so but I am sure that horse lovers will and should."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am never into the 'Oprah's book club' genre type of books, however I saw that a movie was being made of it, read the synopsis and gave it a try. I wasn't disappointed. What an enjoyable read! While the ending was a bit cliche, it was still a very interesting and entertaining book. The author weaving the past with the present really moved the story along and helped gain sympathy for our lead character. I would definitely recommend this book - especially to all those that don't usually appreciate the 'book of the month club' type of books. And even though I'm probably one of the only people I know that is NOT into Rob Pattinson, (LOL!) I would definitely like to see this movie. I read this on my Kindle and wish I had bought it in paperback so I could have shared it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book captured my attention from the start. I love how the author melds the geriatric version of Jacob and the younger version so well. The narrator is in constant reflection and delves deep into the emotional states of almost all involved, including that of the animals. As the geriatric version of Jacob looks into the mirror, he can no longer recognize any part of himself. He tries to look beneath the sagging skin and bruising and still nothing. This lets us know what he is really missing and that it is what a person does, that defines them.  If you can no longer do the things you love, then who are you? As Jacob finally realizes what he really needs, we can more clearly see throughout his entire struggle, what kept him so drawn in and how relationships with strangers can be stronger than that of family. Perfect ending!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is a small step up from chick-lit, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, if it's what you're looking for.  A great read for the beach, or a good light read in-bewteen heavier or darker novels.As mentioned in other reviews, the character development was on the poor side, and the plot was pretty predictable (kind of hokey).  I felt the reading level was quite low, which made it a quick read, but not the brightest one.  Everything was pretty spoon-fed to the reader...there was no need for me to think about anything.  I prefer a bit more of a challenge."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had this book in my TBR pile and really wasn't in any sort of hurry to read it. Now, after finishing it, I can't believe I waited so long.This book gives me an in depth account of circus life during the depression and of the lifestyles of those who traveled with it. I learned a lot. I however, got really emotional when aspects of the book dealt with animal cruelty and even human cruelty to each other.This is a must read book. The ending is also a surprise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story has a circus, a villain, an adventurer, and a love story. What else could a summer reader wish for? I thoroughly enjoyed this novel. Granted, it's not Dickens, but it is great fun.Jacob's experience as the an old man reminded me so much of the nursing home my mother died in. His experience as a young man reminded me of the stories my father told about the depression, especially riding the \"freights.\"I passed this book along to a woman co-worker, and after she finished it, she said, \"I love this book!\"Sara Gruen did a marvelous job researching train circuses. That alone is worth the price of admission."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants took me by surprise. This book was really well-written. Not only does this author know how to tell a story, she educates the reader without making it unreadable. She seamlessly wove the main characters story around the unknown story of circus life during 1930s. She offers a glimpse of animal treatment, different types of jobs within and the classes that separate the workers, the expectations given by towns on entertainment, prohibition, etc. The research is evident and I welcomed and looked forward to it. The book does have romance but it has so much more depth so I read freely, not really anticipating the story between the hero and the heroine.Sara Gruen has made me a fan and has given me hope for modern writers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The book is okay so far, but I'm very distracted by the horrible Kindle formatting.  I've never had a problem with a Kindle book before, but this one is full of gaps and spacing problems. Dialogue is separated by abnormally huge gaps, but author-intended spaces intended to denote a pause are the same gaps as the extraneous ones; in other words, the intentional spaces are lost in the shuffle.  This makes the book very hard to read and follow, since I'm never sure if it's a \"Kindle\" gap or an \"author\" gap.  This was very poorly digitized.  It almost makes the book unreadable because it is such a distraction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you want to feel the sorrow and excitement of joining the circus and the sorrow of old age in our country, Ms. Gruen could not have crafted a better story.  The protagonist, a Polish vet student, of all things, joins the circus and therein begins the story of corrupt managment, the wonderful animals and the class system among the workers and the performers.  The reader is provided with historical information while the author paints a vivid picture of the circus train and its dynamics.  She interweaves a touching love story and a strong respect for circus animals, espcially Rosie, the elephant who only understood Polish commands! Read it - you won't be wasting your time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When this book came out in hardcover, I passed it by.  No interest in reading about circus freaks.  When the book came out in paperback, I passed it by.  Still did not sound interesting.  Three people recommended it to me and then, finally, a friend gave it to me after she finished it.  Still, I waited a month or so before beginning it.  Within the first few chapters, I was intrigued.  I loved the descriptions - created a definite picture in my mind.  I loved the characters - I wanted to know what would happen to them.  Although I thought the end was somewhat predictable, on the whole, I found this a very enjoyable read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an incredible read and a quick read if you want something to captivate you for a trip.  For fictional history it's clear the author did her homework.  The author took many real events and spun them into the journey of a fictional character through a composite circus during the depression.  The story is exciting and hard to put down.  The intro leaves you wondering throughout the whole story.  Its very easy to relate to the main character and feel what he feels, stress, confusion, love...  I can't say much else without giving away the books little secrets."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have never thought of giving a book a \"content suitability for certain audiences\" rating before I read this one.  I would have to give this an \"X: Adults Only\" rating due to the explicit sexual content, violence and language which I found unnecessary for this story line.This story tells a tale of two time lines in the life of a circus veterinarian. It begins as the elderly version of the man who is forced into memories of his youth. Through the story,  he is transported back and forth between the two time lines. This is the first dual time line story that I've actually enjoyed. With the exception of the \"X\" rated parts. This is a delightful easy read. The author has a talent for description which allows the reader to easily become absorbed by the story line.  She has done quite a bit of research into circuses of the past, which helps to make the story more authentic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was torn between two or three stars. I read this book for my book club, otherwise it is unlikely I would have picked it up considering my backlog.Personally I didn't find anything wow-ish or over the top astounding with this story. Besides that it takes place in a circus. It had its moments of course, which makes me think that what really makes you like a book is not sometimes the overall story, but a couple of scenes that really stand out. And this had a handful of those, especially those set in the present time, which were the only ones to actually pull my emotional strings, which usually doesn't take much I'm afraid, and considering that this book didn't stir much in me overall. Not even the traditional `big twist' scene riled me up. I actually read a paragraph past it then did a double take on `oh that was suppose to be it'."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a beautifully written novel. I gave it to my dad two Christmases ago, and meant to borrow it for myself, but kept forgetting. I finally put it on hold (still in high demand) at my local library and had my chance at reading.The story wraps you up and brings you to it's world. It has been a little while since I read it, and I don't like giving out specifics, but I cannot find fault with this book.I highly recommend it b/c it will remain on your mind for weeks after reading it and you'll be glad you got to know the characters and their stories."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really learned a lot about the circus, the good and bad parts, and have such a great appreciation of all of the work that goes on behind the scenes.  Plus, giving the characters a &#34;real&#34; life and personality, made it all the more interesting.  I loved Rosie, the elephant - such &#34;humanness&#34; in her attitude and loving nature.  I liked the way, as an old man, he was able to reflect and recall his vivid youth working in the circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jacob Jankowski is a student at Cornell Veterinarian School.  He gets the heart-breaking news that his parents have died in a car crash.  In the throes of the great depression, Jacob finds out there is nothing left of their estate.  He tries to finish his exams but cannot.  Jacob takes the next train out of town.  Inadvertently, he finds himself on the Benzini Brothers Circus train.  Jacob is hired on and becomes immersed in the circus life.  He also falls in love with Marlena, one of the star performers married to August, the equestrian trainer.  Jacob is telling his story some 70 years later as a 93 year old patient in a nursing home.  Present day happenings are interspersed with his memories of life back in '31.  The circus chapters start with historical photographs lending to the authenticity of events.  Mesmerizing writing, fascinating characters, and actual documented circus events combine to make this an exceptional novel to enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The story was good but had too many swear words for my taste. The circus storyline was very interesting (ie, how a circus works, what happens behind the scenes, etc). I was also surprised to find a good description of getting old. If you're interested in reading just that part of the book, skip the chapters with pictures at the beginning. In doing so, you'll also skip most of the foul language.I've given this book 3 stars, but it really should be 2 and a half."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As avid readers there are times when we are apt to encounter books that continue and linger in our minds once read.  For me, \"Water for Elephants\" was a serendipitous find and I truly and lovingly enjoyed this novel.  It's one of those books that you never want to end.  There is reason why this book has been on the NY Times bestseller list for more than 12 consecutive weeks.  As many reviewers have already recounted the summary I will simply say just READ IT!  I promise you will be searching for more of Sara Gruen's novels.  BTW, Apehouse is the next novel to be released!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "How many novels have you read about the circus? This was certainly my first and that's what I loved about it - it was something out of the ordinary. The story flowed smoothly and was full of great stories. I read a review stating that the characters weren't realistic, August was too horrid and Jacob was a coward. I definitely disagree and found most, if not all, the characters to be believable.My only complaint is the vocabulary in the novel. It seemed the author was going out of her way to use synonyms fairly close together within the plot. While I don't mind challenges to my vocabulary I didn't find it believable as if the story was really told from one person's point of view it is doubtful that they would use such extreme variety in word choices. This is nit-picking though, overall I really enjoyed the journey!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for elephants is happy, sad, romantic, and exciting ,it changes from page to page. Just as something exciting happens it switches to Jacob struggling as an old man in a nursing home. There are plenty of plot twists and surprises. The book is a very detailed description of a disgusting circus in the 1930's from the illegal moonshine to straining horse trough water through a pair of clowns panty hose to make lemonade, and the red lighting (when they are thrown off of the train over a tressle) of unwanted employees.  Although the main character has some difficulty, you know it will be ok in the end because he tells it as an old man in a nursing home. During his time in the circus Jacob makes some very interesting friends, like Walter the midget clown, Earl the gentle security guard ,and Uncle Al who is way more of a jerk than he seems. Overall the book was a very exciting story about Jacob trying to survive in a circus and getting the woman he loves."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was so taken by this story when I first started reading it that I told my Mom about it, suggesting that she would love it. I was almost finished with the book when my Mom passed away. When going through her things, I found a copy of \"Water for Elephants\", and it really hit me hard emotionally, much like Jacob's feelings when his parents died (my Mom died from a neural hematoma after slipping on a step ladder). Now, almost five years later, I was able to bring myself to finish reading this wonderful tale, and I am so glad I did."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed this book.  Water For Elephants is the story of a young man who almost becomes a veterinarian, but is too distraught over the death of his parents to sit the final exams.  After being left with nothing, he accidentally hops a circus train and is hired on as their vet.  The story of his time with the circus is told in flashbacks, and is very well done.  Love, betrayal, hope, cruelty, and compassion combine with wonderful prose and true-to-the-era settings to give you a great read.  I picked this book up on a whim not knowing anything about it, and then couldn't put it down.  Fascinating!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Could not put this book down, read from front to back and held on tight.  Without giving the good stuff away, you are there in the book at all times....amazing....wonderful.The twist on Jacob from the Bible (which you won't notice unless you read the Bible) is a grabber!We all will get old some day.....and if you are close, give this book to family members waiting to put you in a nursing home.  I think what got me the most was  \"pay attention\".I don't even want to see the movie...this was good enough for me!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a sentimental story, with quite a bit of charm. It is touted as a \"crowd pleaser\" and that is probably the reason for its huge success. You do root for the narrator, even if the plot is contrived, the ending obvious, and the characterization somewhat weak.I would have hoped for a more authentic and earthy description of a Depression-era circus, but the writing is watered down. Often the conflicts between the characters are too quickly or conveniently resolved, and the characters seem to be at the mercy of the plot. Major crises are quickly skimmed over, and the true potential of this book is never fully developed.I read this to the end--which says something--but reflecting back on the book I wish it had been stronger and more carefully constructed. 3.5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I held off reading this book because everyone I knew who had read it or was reading it loved it but kept referring to it as \"depressing\" or \"violent\" or with other strong negative adjectives.  I wasn't in the mood for a \"downer.\"  Nothing else in my \"recommended for you\" list appealed to me so I downloaded the free sample.  This book is everything everyone said it would be...violence, cruelty, betrayal, death but somehow the story grabs you and won't let go.  Told by a 90 or 93 year old vet from a circus, the story is as personal as a biography and engrossing as a news account of the circus in the 1930s.  I read it in 24 hours.  Buy, borrow it or download it...it will not disappoint!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I read the summary of this book, I wondered why it was so popular.  It didn't sound like anything I'd ever want to read, but when a fellow book obsessed friend of mine told me that I had to read it, and I had to read it immediately, I took her advice.  Boy am I glad I did!  This book is so well written, the characters are great, and the story is absorbing.  I live near a circus museum, and am now planning a trip to visit because of this book.  I highly recommend it to anyone that loves a good story!  I've also read Riding Lessons and Flying Changes and am eagerly awaiting her next novel!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This well written story introduces the reader to the myriad of life that belongs to the Circus.  The author developsthe characters from the top brass to the lowest workers, who are sometimes thrown off the train while it is in transit.  Some of the animals are more important than the workers  The story is told in first person by a veterinary student who joins the circus after the tragic death of his parents  His young life in the circus is contrasted by chapters describing the latter part of his life in an assisted living facility where he is left only with his memories.  RB"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "2000 readers can't be wrong can they?  Umm, yea they might be.How is it that a mediocre book can consistently get raves?I was excited by the \"prospect\" of this book but the more I read, the more resigned I became to the fact that there was nothing very extraordinary about it.Not only is the writing flat and the plot a giant cliche - there's also the matter of the central \"love\" triangle being blatantly lifted from Sophie's Choice (I cringe referring to that classic alongside this book) right down to the suprise party / angry accusation by a lunatic.Mediocrity is being rewarded with a big Hollywood movie starring Reese Witherspoon.  Ahh, American pop culture."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With a book like this...when i come on to review - i check the negative reviews first.  I could not believe there were ANY 1 star reviews; tho i did read them...and really found nothing i agreed with (obviously - i gave it 5 stars!).  But compare for yourself the amount of high reviews, compared to low reviews.I read many, many books - and have for over 35 years.  This is one of the best, in every way.  The writing style, the characters, the story, the way it develops - and i personally like the \"back and forth\" way of telling it... the remembering.  I LOVED IT.  I would put it in my Top 20 - and like i said - i've read many.  The book is great... what more can i say?  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm a little late to the party on this book, but I just loved it. I had picked up Ape House, her second book, and got about halfway through before I gave up - it's really strange and awful. I wouldn't even have read this one unless it hadn't been our book club pick.Now I understand the hype. I love fiction where you learn something, and though this is no Grapes of Wrath, it's a great picture of Depression-era life, and the information on circuses was absolutely fascinating (if incredibly depressing). Put that together with a solid love story and I was sold.Chapters switching between times can be annoying, as you're essentially getting to know two different characters, even if it's the same person, but I felt it worked well here.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen is one of my all-time favorite books! The story is told by an old man looking back on his life in the circus during the Great Depression. As a young man he joins the circus after his parents died in a car accident. There he discovers a whole new and strange world in the small traveling community. He learns the hard work involved in the back scenes of a circus, as well as the harsh and sometimes tragic lives of the workers. It isn't long before he falls in love with the beautiful Marlena, one of the star performers. Things are complicated though. She's already married to the controlling and cruel head animal trainer.Get ready to cheer for the hero, boo the villain and ooh and ahhh at the story that draws you into a bygone time and place. It's a memorable book that will stay in your heart a long, long time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I liked everything about this book, but I especially loved the contrast between Jacob as a young man and his life as a 90 (or 93) year old. It's one of those stories that older people tell that makes young people realize they need to sit down and talk with the elderly people they know, or this type of story is going to be gone forever. Jacob's story of the circus and falling in love were so moving, but when you see what happens to Jacob as an old man, it is bittersweet. I was expecting the end to be much more of a downer - I thought the ending was very uplifting."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was hooked from the beginning and looked forward to coming back to the story each time I had to turn off my Kindle.  Coming of age in a circus might seem cliche yet the insiders view of the social dynamics that existed within a circus really put context around the whole \"running away to join the circus\" thing; although, in this case, it might be more apt to describe this as \"stumbling into the circus\".  Regardless, while I felt the end of the circus component of the story was somewhat predictable, it didn't spoil the story for me.  A truly remarkable story that I will enjoy again and again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It is hard to find a book that can be described by these four words: Brutal, Moving, Honest and Surprising.  But Water for Elephants is just that novel.  It is not for the faint hearted, and the cruelty and squalor depicted rival some of the works of Dickens.  But also like Dickens there is a sheer honesty and redemption to be found, and as for the ending ... well I will not give anything away except to say that I did not see it coming.  An outstanding book by an outstanding writer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have had Water for Elephants on my wish list for quite some time now...when the movie came out I thought I better read it before someone gave the ending away. As soon as I started reading the first line I couldn't stop. I caught myself hiding my kindle under my desk so I could read the next few lines and holding my breath while doing so. This book is so brilliantly written I don't even know how to review it. Sarah G. is so passionate about the animals and the characters in this book that you will find your heart breaks at certain turns and you cheer out loud for the loveable Jacob. I was so incredibly sad when it ended that I immediately ordered another book from Sarah G....The Ape House and I have to say I'm equally enthralled by it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just love it when the circus comes to our town and when I read \"Water for Elephants\" I was impressed with Sara Gruen research into several topics: the circus life and the great depression. I'm not sure how Ms. Gruen, managed to get herself into the head of a 93-year-old man but I loved the old man that narrated the story.The story is a mysterious and historical tour of behind the scenes of circus life. The deception and downright cruelty takes place. As far as I was concerned, Rosie the lovable elephant was the star of all the animals' maybe it's because I just love elephants.I won't go into detail about the story because other reviewers have already done a terrific account of the story. I would like to add that I found myself still thinking about the long suffering of the animals long after I finished the book. In summary the romantic scenes were weak but still a great story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen has created an engaging memoir narrated by the nonagenarian veteran and veterinarian of a depression-era circus.  Her research into the caste hierarchy and politics of train circuses reveals a world which, much like HBO's Deadwood, had its own laws of lawlessness and morality of immorality.  Into this world Jacob Jankowski is unwittingly dropped, and the recounting of his evolution from inheritor of his father's veternary practice to circus vet to aged resident of an assisted living facility is almost always convincingly told.  While Jacob may be the hero/narrator, it is most definitely Rosie the elephant who steals the show and wins your heart.  Like the rubes who paid their nickels and dimes to gawk at the freaks, I felt my $14.37 was well spent for a 332-page peek behind the big-top."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book from start to finish.I'm not sure what it was exactly but it very much reminded me of Life of Pi which I also enjoyed.Jacob appealed to me as a character and I became genuinely interested in the fates of both rosy and the circus people.I preferred the chapters relating to Jacob's memory over those where he was an old man but this doesn't take away from the overall quality of the book. Although it is a fiction story I like that it was grounded with research and a combination of true stories which made the book feel more real.After reading the book I also watched the movie but as many people always say when they make a book into a movie, it wassnt half as good."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "First of all, this book was waaaaay more sexual than I thought it would be. If you are getting it for a friend because they like elephants and the title has \"elephant in it\" DON'T DO IT (long story). This was a crazy story: funny at times and also sad at times. The story was told by switching between the past and the present, which was confusing at first, but made sense later. This style of writing kept the story moving; the shift from the old senile man to the young eager man developed the main character in such a way that it was difficult to put the book down. I enjoyed reading this book and I reflected on it for a while after I finished reading it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed reading Water for Elephants with it's many mini stories throughout. The characters were believable - Jake as the 91 (or 93) year old and his remembering of his life as a 23 year old. Anyone who has been to the yesteryear circus will recognize the descriptions of the circus coming to town and the excitement of the residents. There are funny incidents and sad ones that make up this book and the usual good and bad characters we all encounter. I admired the 91 year old Jake for his spunk when he took charge of his life as I admired the 23 year old Jake when he did the right thing for the animals of the circus. A great story that is heartwarming too."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you like adventure, romance, suspense, and excitement... read the last third of Water for Elephants. The first two-thirds set the stage for a thrilling ending, but that's all. Although Gruen's style of writing is rich with varied vocabulary and description, the elements of the first part of the plot evoke little to no emotion in the reader. Even if the author didn't spend a hundred pages building the back-story, the strange sexual elements that rear their ugly faces every few pages completely ruin the enjoyment of reading this book. If you want to spend 300 pages wondering why you're reading this story, then pick up Water for Elephants and enjoy the most boring story you have ever read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I took this book with me on a recent trip to South Africa and was delighted to have something to read that was so engaging that the time passed quickly. The story grabbed me from page one. It's an unusual story, beautifully written and with well-drawn characters. Although going back and forth between the past and present day was a little disorienting, I enjoyed getting to know Jacob as a 20-something and as a 90 (or 93) year old man.I really liked the device of using the prologue later in the story. And I loved the ending - it was perfect for the story, even though it's implausible and unbelievable. Sometimes that just doesn't matter. Sometimes it works anyway. Everything about this book worked for me."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is an amazing book.  The author took my mind into places I just did not want to go, into what it means to be a person at the end of life, still coherent but old and sick and living in a nursing home.At the end of your life, is that all that's left to hope for, that you end up in a nursing home with kids younger than your grandchildren bossing you around and moving you back to your room against your wishes after an argument with another nursing home resident?  Is this what the end of life means, an adult becomes a dependent child who must be bossed around by others, even if that person's mind and intellect are still intact?  Wow.  Of course I know these things happen, but never in fiction have I seen the final years of a person's life etched to the pages in such an emotional and moving way."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants was recommended to me by a co-worker, and I was really surprised at how much I liked it. A book about a circus didn't necessarily appeal to me, but I figured it was worth a shot.This story is great. I really enjoyed the way the story alternated between Jacob in present day and Jacob's memories. In both times, he was heartwarming and sincere, even if he could be a bit cranky in his older age. :)The characters were great--well-developed and dimensional, even the ones you didn't particularly like. The whole circus feels very vivid, and I just loved Rosie to death.Overall, it was just a very enjoyable read with enjoyable characters (well, mostly, unless they weren't supposed to be). One thing that I found unexpectedly interesting was the circus dynamic--the cruelty, the hierarchy, the crazy characters. All in all, this is a very well-rounded novel and I would recommend it to anyone."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Carried water for elephants indeed. Do you have any idea how much water an elephant drinks?\" These words of Jacob Jankowski open this well-researched, fascinating novel about circus life. This story is told by ninety-something Jacob as he vacillates between the present and the past, reflecting upon an incredible life that was not always easy, but was satisfying.Jacob finds himself in a nursing home, his mind still active and questioning the meaning of his existence. Reminiscing about his life, he searches for meaning in the bland nursing home food and the fellow nursing home occupants, most of whom have surrendered their logical minds. As he remembers his life following the death of his parents when he was in his early twenties, he marvels at how every event led to the life he had.Well-researched and accurate, many incredible facts of circus life are divulged in this story. To add to this realism, there are actual photographs from circus archives. This is one unforgettable book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Riding Lessons: A Novel,Flying Changes: A NovelSara Gruen's gift for drawing her characters as complex, whole, fully real persons is what makes Water for Elephants and her other books achingly wonderful to read. She so skillfully sets up the reader for the crest of each wave of the plot, that one is rooting for a positive change, a win for the character, while at the same time feeling the reverberation of their flaws and weaknesses.The book reads very much like a memoir, making it is easy to forget that it is a work of fiction. And, in order to sketch such a complex setting, I know she had to spend a very great amount of time researching the complexities of a circus on the road. I immediately bought and read her two other novels and found them excellent reads while seeing how she has developed her skills with each book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a very interesting story within a story. A story reflecting back on the life of a man who is now in his 90's  in &#34;Assisted Living&#34;. We learn much about living a life in the Circus, especially back in the 30's....it was no picnic!! Along with tragedy we find adventure, humor and romance. I would have given the book 5 stars but for the swearing and sex content. I didn't expect that. It didn't have to be so explicit, so in my opinion the 4 star rates it a very good read!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was hard to put down.  This powerful story brought the pain of well developed characters to life.  Sometimes I was afraid to read on knowing what I would read would be tragic but this story was told with such beauty I had to read on.  The story is told as a life history of a gentleman living in a nursing home and the description of his days being cared for in the home are so real.  The story of the circus performers, manager and all the tragedy was gripping.  I just had to keep reading - then the ending was a complete shock.  This was one of the best books I have read recently, but I can't think of seeing the movie.  I want to remember this story as I envisioned the settings and characters while reading.  It was a great book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a frustrating, truly awful book. While it started off interesting (a boy's parents dies and leave him nothing, and he gets caught up with a circus), it quickly became transparent and painful. He \"falls in love\" with a girl he hardly speaks to, who is married. He reacts when he should hold back and holds back when he should act. And there are far too many random, explicit, and unnecessary sex scenes. Perhaps if the author spent less time on graphic sex and more time on character development, this book would have been more tolerable. And the ending, which I was hoping would earn the book some redemption, was terribly disappointing and infuriating.My faith in the NY Times bestseller list has been ruined."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was part of my wife's book club. The club loved it. So, I finally picked it up and started reading it. As a quick note subject matter for a book does not matter to me. I care about good stories with great characters and this book has it from cover-to-cover.Logically, I can't think why I would want to read a story set in the 1930s about the circus, but there I was reading it night after night. It's a fascinating story with superb description that is slippery-easy to read.I don't know what your hesitation is...read this book. There are tens of thousands of worse ones out there."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "We listened to this on a road trip out west and I loved it! The story itself was a great leave from my everyday, but the voices were fantastic! I loved hearing cantankerous 90 (or 93..) year old Jakob tell his tale. If you enjoyed reading this book, I'm sure you will love it more hearing the tale from the two Jakobs. If you haven't read the book, there is a good chance you will be drawn in by the storytellers and end up loving it. We sat in the car after we arrived home for the last 10 minutes of the book we were so enthralled.Get this and listen to it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Being a born horse-lover, I have read Sara's previous books about horses.  I loved them.  When I heard she had written another book-I just had to read that too.  Her writing style is very readable.  You become immersed in the characters.  \"Water For Elephants\" is a book for all generations.  I had both my daughters read it.  We all fell in love with the main character, Jacob.  I can't say enough good things about this wonderful heartwarming book.  Highly recommend!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book in one night--couldn't put it down. There was so much to enjoy: the details of the circus, the story of Jacob, the suspense of the plot. It all drew me in and I was riveted until the end. My copy was a digital download from my library but the download was from Amazon. It included pictures from historical archives that really added a nice element of historical verisimilitude to the reading.There are several reviews on here with summaries of the book so I won't add another, I will just say if you're looking for a historically based novel that is well written and original, then this one is for you. Enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I didn't realize this was such a controversial book until I came to write my review. I liked the book. It is fast paced and an easy read. I did not like the explicit sexual scenes; I don't think they added anything, other than showing Jacob was nave, which we knew anyway. I didn&#8217;t like the animal abuse, and the fact that he was a vet and didn&#8217;t do anything about it, but if he would have he probably would have been red-lighted. The author did a lot of research about the circus in that era and it was interesting to read about some of the things that really did happen."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book based ( embarrassingly) on the attraction of the trailer. however, upon reading the book, I have to say that it outperformed my wildest expectations. I loved the characters, their imperfection and their depth.  Gruen's Narrative is vivid, exciting, passionate, and at times heartbreaking. the personalities of the animals and their role in the main characters interaction (and livelihood) in and out of the circus; are really moving.  I also found it refreshing that the main character's reasons for join the circus are not the norm. I did find the leading lady a bit flat at times, and the summation at the end left a little to be desired, but the ending was still perfect."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I first read the title and the back of this book,  I wasn't the least bit interested.  However --- two of my sisters, my daughter,  and my niece were reading the book at the same time --- and all four of them loved it and recommended it highly.  I had to get it --- and I had to agree with them!  Its a great story!  One that is amost impossible to put down!  I highly recommend this read!  I just hope the movie doesn't ruin it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an easy, entertaining and informative read.  I was enjoying reading this so much that I had my mom and a friend read it too on their kindle and they both loved it.  I wanted to read it for entertainment but ended up enjoying learning so much as well through the story.  I did not see the movie but now I might just to see how much justice they did to the book.  Plus I read it free from the Kindle Lending Library but it would have been worth buying!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was captivating from page 1.  The story kept a good pace and is one of those books you just don't want to put down.  I really connected with the main character and felt his emotions as if they were my own.  Other characters were both likable and despicable, but all the while intriguing.  A very interesting story and enlightening as well.  I can imagine life on a circus train during the depression and realize now that it was not all it was cracked up to be.  Highly recommend!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Really great book. The characters are interesting, particularly our hero Jacob. The setting is vibrant (a circus during the Great Depression.) The plot moves at a great pace, and the material is really well researched. All of which comes together under some excellent writing that provides just enough detail to make everything real and interesting without banging you over the head with it. Throw in murder, sex and a big elephant wearing pink sequins, and you have a fab book. The very end is charming too. I highly recommend it"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a book that grabs you from the beginning. It's a fantastic story that keeps you interested the whole way through. And it's a quick read. I just loved it so much. It's something for everyone, from the historical interest in the life of the traveling circus people during the depression, to the descriptions of old age in a nursing home. I actually insisted my husband read it when I was done. He's not an easy man to please, but had to admit how much he enjoyed it as well. I purposely don't want to say too much about the story since I enjoy reading books \"fresh\" without too much advance information. The only negative I would say is that the ending was bit unbelievable to me. But by that time everything else was so great, I didn't really care. It was as though the author was all done and didn't know how to end it. But I can forgive that."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Outstanding!Refreshing new topic, new ideas, utterly wonderful.A dark comedy, love-story about a circus during the Depression. The characters are developed and strong. The plot not missing a beat. And the animals, gotta love the animals and their personalities!Jacob is in vet school, until he drops out suddenly. He leaves his exam and walks all night until he no longer can manage another step. As he rests, a train comes down the tracks, in the middle of nowhere. He runs as fast as he can and jumps the train. It's all over as Jacob discovers he is on a carnies-train! He befriends \"Camel\", a circus hand who recruits Jacob to join.Interesting, dark, and wonderfully full. They style and measure by which M. Gruen writes is so welcoming and it is evident by her comments that she paid attention to details in her research.Would definitely read again!5 out of 5"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't read a lot of fiction these days because I don't havethe time, but I picked this book up from my Mom over my summervacation...And boy was I glad I did. Some books do more thancapture your mind; they create a certain feeling or emotionthat captures your heart too. This is one of those books.The author's voice has a certain cadence and style that sucksyou in from page one. And what seems to be a simple tale ofdepression-era circus life with an obvious outcome soon takesunexpected twists and turns to a surprise ending that had melaughing and crying at the same time.If you read one novel this year, I'd highly recommend this one.It ranks right up there with many of my all time favoritebooks."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "WOW. It's been a long time since I read a book this good--I was so sad when it ended!  I kept wishing I could share more of Jacob's amazing life--and the ending, what a boffo finish.  I would have NEVER guessed that one! This is much beyond a good \"summer read\"--how is it this book did not hit #1??  I love historical fiction, and I am usually very 'into' the time period and the 'feel' of the era...this one was particularly evocative; you could swear you smelled the animal cars, the greasy scent of the carnie food, the whiff of the stale sleeping quarters.  I could almost feel sweet Rosie's pain at the hands of the cruel August; and when he met his fate, I cheered Rosie like she was a hero (she's an ELEPHANT).  What a rich read--if you begin it, make sure you don't need to sleep that night!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Just finished this wonderfully colorful novel & I was not disappointed.....Once I started reading,I could NOT put it down...Loved the circus setting,strong characters and animals...Now I cannot wait to see the movie...One of the best stories I have read all year....And the author very realistically portrays what it actually means to get older...I'm not as old as the elder Jacob yet but each year that goes by,I can tell the difference in the physical abilities....If you are looking for entertainment,this book will provide it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you were a kid and experienced the train arriving, the parade of elephants, and the setting up of the big tent, this book will inform you of what went on behind the extravaganza!  I saw the performers outside with their buckets, but who would ever imagine what their lives were like?  I went to the side shows, ate the cotton candy and this book brought it all back!  This is a great novel with circus history that I fully enjoyed!  A perfect ending to those who wonder about Jacob's future!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is my second review on Amazon.  I seriously have a lot of catching up to do.I love books about animals as I am such an animal lover myself.  The read was cool, which hotted up at the end, although a little slow moving to begin with.  In the second half I couldn't put it down, I had to know the ending as I was on tender hooks all through the time.  I guess part of this story was very emotional.  Well worth a read despite the slow beginning."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of those books that, when the end comes you want to flip it over and start again.  It begins with a scene from the climax of the book - a real page-turner.  A fantastic hook!Action bounces from \"present day\", then back to the 30s, then back again. Both settings appear to be thoroughly researched and are written with authority.  The author IS a 93 year old man AND a 20-something circus vet - even though she is a young woman.You will NOT be able to put this book down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I LOVED this book!  The three parts I loved the most were the beginning, the middle and the end.  Great books are far and few between and I am always happy to find one I can't put down.  If you want to get to bed early or get your house work done, don't read this book.  If you don't mind drinking an extra cup of coffee in the morning and putting the dishes off until later than by all means read this book.  Soooooo good."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The author has obviously done her homework, because this book contains the argot, the excitement, the turmoil of a down-and-out circus during the Depression.  One can smell the sawdust, the animals, and the people in this graphic story of a young man who runs away with the circus.  It is told through the eyes of a nonagenarian, and although the ending is predictable, one keeps reading for the final denouement.  It is inevitable that there will be a disaster and that Rosie, the elephant, will cause it.  The narrator's desire to once more be a part of the circus is understandable, but its happening is a little far-fetched, considering the way nursing homes are run.  However, the ending is happily satisfctory, and we will not drink lemonade the next time the circus comes to town."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I won't belabor the readers with a blow by blow of the plot; it is ably covered by other reviews.  Know this--that this is a great book, rated a 6 on a scale of 1 to 5 and far superior to the ordinary fare out there today.  If you are middle-aged or older, this will bring back memories of the old circuses and carnie-shows; if you are younger, this is a history lesson.  Regardless of age, you will thoroughly enjoy this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've seen the book from time to time, but the cover never intrigued me enough to actually buy and read it. Now I wish I had picked it up the first time I saw it! It is a delightfully different story of a 93 year old man who tells his story of his years in the circus through flashbacks. The topics are obviously well researched and that adds something special to the novel. It is a very engaging read and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a lighter, different type of book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had heard mixed reviews about both the book and the movie and was a little wary of both, but when prime gave a free month subscription I figured it was worth at least trying the book.  I loved it!  I found it to be very witty - I absolutely fell in love with the 93 year old Jacob, and the historial aspect was very interesting... I never knew the history of the circus before reading this or what a great competivie market it was back in its hayday!  I will never look at the workers of a traveling show the same way again. I thought the book was a little slow paced for my taste but well worth it.  I even went ahead and watched the movie and found the book to be far more superior in context.  Great read!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen is a gripping story filled with both the sadness and the joy of life. Hope and regret thread through the pages gripping the reader in a heartrending but mesmerizing journey. Filled with characters struggling to choose right over wrong as well as those who are selfish and greedy, the reader will alternately lament their choices, feel their pain, sympathize with their struggles, and cheer their successes. Animal lovers beware there are some fairly graphic depictions of the way circus animals have been treated over the years. Gruen's unapologetic descriptions of circus life for all involved, the workers, the performers, and the animals strips away the romanticized idea that running away with the circus could ever be the answers to one's troubles in life. All the while, Water for Elephants also grounds us in the reality of aging and reminds us that perhaps we should listen a little and \"do\" a little less. Gruen's writing immerses the reader in a world so real the reader feels compelled to remind one's self it's fiction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Dreadful.  Judging from the first paragraph, this novel had the potential for being absorbing and a good holiday read.  I was soon only making my way through it because I had nothing else to read and I kept thinking it must get better since it came highly recommended.  If only I had had something better than this time waster: lazy plot that never seemed to go anywhere because it went in too many irrelevant directions, little firsthand knowledge of the circus, low-level vocabulary.  A waste of time on a good topic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved Water for Elephants. Author Sara Gruen managed to place herself in the head of both a ninety-year-old man with Alzheimers in a nursing home, and a twenty-three-year-old man who had a great life ahead of him until tragedy struck. She swung back and forth between the character's present drab life to the unpredictable depression era circus of his youth so naturally that I was amazed how often I forgot I was reading a book. I was so entranced by the scenery and story that it just flowed along like I was watching it, or more accurately, living it with the characters. It's not often storytellers do this good a job in our generation. I have recommended this book to many people. Gruen is a writer to watch."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There is not much more I can add to the numerous reviews this book has already received except to say that I loved the book and thought that it was for the most part an original story and was very pleased with how the story progressed and ended.As original as the story was, I did find that there were some predictable plot points, but these didn't detract from the story in any way.  Also, I believe that I read another review in which the reviewer indicated that this was more of a book for kids and pre-teens.  While I don't agree with that, I do think that written a slightly different way (taking out the minor sexual content) that yes, this could have been a very good book for kids.  Nothing wrong with that. I'll give this one a 4 1/2 star rating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is one of the best books I have ever read!  I would recommend this book to everyone and have already passed it on to my Mother who also LOVED it!!  This is one of those books that stick with you and even when you've moved onto other books, you'll find yourself thinking about it still.  I will NEVER look at an elephant or a circus in the same way.  I laughed and cried several times and just can't say enough good things about this book.  It is one of those books that I don't think I will ever forget, it touched me very deeply."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was really surprised how much I enjoyed this book. From the opening line on Chapter 1 all the way to the end, you are hooked.A young veterinary student loses is parents tragically during the time of the depression. After having his family house repossesed by the bank and no prospects, he winds up working in a circus.As stated in other reviews, there are some shaky transitions and predictable plot points. But there is a sincerity to the book that works and unique setting that makes one easily forgive the story's few shortcomings.And it's the setting that I really liked about this book. It brings back the circus of old and it made me miss it. The smell of animals and hay. The popcorn and cotton candy. The acrobats with the sequined vests. You get a wonderful \"behind the scenes\" insight to a peice of nostalgic Americana. Combined with classic dramatic elements and a motley cast of characters, this is a great book and I'm glad I got it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was hesitant to read this book since it felt like everyone I knew who raved about it was a middle-aged lady and I didn't think it'd have enough action to keep my attention.  To my pleasant surprise, the writing was just brash enough to make me want to keep reading, often laughing out loud at the bizarre pseudo-autobiography.  I recommend it as a quick, easy, summer read.  Yes, a bit on the chick-lit side of the spectrum, but very good just the same."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I simply don't understand the fanfare.  Every bit of this story was heartbreaking.  The animal abuse (especially Rosie), the human abuse (Walter and Camel, especially), and all of the heartbreaking things that happened at the hands of certain men.  What was there to enjoy about this story?  Revenge at the end?  Ok, so I liked the last 3 pages.  But those last 3 pages didn't make up for my sadness throughout the whole of this book.  I wish I hadn't read it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a great vacation read.  The book is engaging and easy to read.  The author has paralleled the story of Jacob into a depression era love and life story that takes place in a circus.  In Water For Elephants, Jacob steals the love of another man's wife.  The man is cruel and probably mentally ill.  Jacob's heartrending moral dilemma over his love for Marlena amid all the circus characters and their individual tales forms the struggle in the novel. While the novel is character driven, it has plenty of action.  I agree with another reviewer that this book would make a good movie. I gave this 4.5 stars.  It is good not great literature."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A friend loaned me this book and told me it was one of the best she'd ever read.  Then she said, in a voice just above a whisper, \"It's about the circus.\".  To be honest, that didn't intrigue me at all.  But right from the start I was hooked and finished the book in two days, then re-read it a couple of days later to my husband.  This is a book I will read over and over again just because of the beauty of the characters and the fascinating facts about the depression-era circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I listened to the unabridged audio CD version as I drove the last couple of weeks. I know that the book was (and is) a wildly popular bestseller, but I have to confess that the thought that kept nagging at me as I listened was why? I'm not saying this is a bad book. It is somewhat engaging. However, I didn't find any of the characters particularly vivid or humanly multi-dimensional. And as soon as Rosie the elephant was added to the circus, halfway through the book, I had a (correct) feeling as to where the plot line was moving, so no surprise ending. I have no idea whether circus life in the prohibition era was anything like this, so can't comment on the authenticity of the backdrop, but I found it pretty depressing. Altogether, a pretty so-so read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The writing in this book is about boring and uncreative as it can get. I am not speaking about the story, which is OK, though nothing too special. But the writing style itself and the use of the English language by the author is about as dry and unimaginative as one can get.It's a fast read, and I kept waiting for the plot twist that would make the book a worthwhile read, but was left disappointed. Not a great read, but not horrible either, just very middle of the road and very forgettable. The author used to be a technical writer prior to writing this book and it shows."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was given this book by a friend that insisted that I read it, \"It was fabulous\".  I read about 100 pages of it and set it down which is something I rarely ever do.  A couple months go by and I was at a party where a couple people again said what a great book it was.  I decided I had to give it another try so I picked it back up and continued to read it.  At the end, I still don't understand the love of this book.  I didn't care for the animal brutality and I just never connected with the characters in this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I give this book a 2.6.  All those people Jacob's father helped in that little town and no one came forward in his time of tragedy?  It just didn't seem realistic to me.  Someone from immigrant stock with the pluck and drive to get into Cornell vet school is not likely to founder in this situation, nor just dismissively to walk away from his final exams.  Jacob wasn't a pampered trust fund baby; he'd probaby had it a bit rough all along. The rest of the story is just a contrivance built upon an unbelievable premise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "To me Hemingway epitomizes the hard drinking, hard living, hard loving, worldy writer. In this book, the main character Robert Jordan is a soldier send on a mission to the hills of Spain to blow up a bridge. There, Jordan meets up with a rogue band of warriors who believe in war but not in military. Once united with the militia, Jordan becomes involved with a woman named Maria. The fight scenes are incredible. The ending is even more incredible. I'm not going give away the book, but the ending  brought tears to my eyes- I guess it's true, underneath every man of steel is a heart of gold."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "An interesting historical novel set in the context of Revolutionary Spain, but classic Hemmingway, it carries with it the important lesson of activism over apathy, especially pertinent to today's world.  It teaches that ideals transcend political boundaries and that if you believe in something strongly, then you owe it to yourself to protect that ideal in any part of the world and at any cost, even that of your life.  Intwined is a beautiful love story.  One of my top 5 greatest books of all time.  Thats a rave, baby.  The poem by John Donne at the beginning makes the book worth buying.A 5 because it is a great story with an invaluable lesson.  If you gain nothing, you still read beautiful prose by one of the greatest authors ever."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What could be better than Hemmingway?  More Hemmingway.I learned about this short epilogue on the program \"Hemmingway in Cuba\" was broadcast April 6, 2013 on my local pbs station.  There is a joint effort by Cuban and American scholars to preserve all the materials left at his home in Cuba.  I am not a scholar, but want to share this with other readers of Hemmingway.This Epilogue for \"For Whom the Bell Tolls\" was found in the basement of Finca Vigia.EpilogueIt was night when Golz rode in a staff car on the road down from the pass to El Escorial."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I do enjoy the book. My issue is not with the book but with the people who altered it to suit their sensibility. If you don't like the langauge used in the book that is fine, but don't change every curse word to \"unprintable\", \"unmentionable\" because you and want you and your children to live in a bubble. You are ruining something that is perfect as it is. You lack the creative ability to create anything on your own so you believe changing curse words into clever terms makes you an artist. Whoever edited this book need be shot, and be sent back to whatever community college academic standpoint they came from where they believe the world is fair and things should all be politically correct.NEVER CHANGE THINGS TO SUIT YOUR SENSIBILITY!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With vivid, descriptive prose, Hemingway takes us into the mind of a soldier.  Focused on duty and his mission, our main character encounters love among the carnage, but even that does not sway him from his duty.  Though at times a bit long-winded, Hemingway brings the internal battle of war to the surface.  The self-talk that goes on shows the conflict behind the rough exterior.  We also see the useless deaths that take place because of the uncertainties that come with war."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is a fantastic book.  Hemingway writes heroes with fears, doubts, and faults so well that I feel a deep connection with them.  Not every man is a John Wayne; passing through life clear of purpose and without second thoughts.  (But watch a little tv and you'd think it were so.)  Hemingway creates characters I can understand, appreciate, and connect with.  Also, Robert Jordan's love interest reflected my own with my fiancee.  The book was fantastic for its story, its plot, the characters and the way it made me feel reading it and afterwards."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I learned a very important lesson here; take a good peak at the book before you get it. The Scribner publication (paperback) of this Hemingway Novel wasn't the one I believe most people read. This was spattered everywhere with \"Thee\" and \"Thou.\" That really detracted from the story. Unfortunately I don't think even with out that distraction the story wouldn't have been much better. It also would have helped me had I known more about the bigger picture. I'm not that familiar with Spanish history and wasn't sure who represented what. Also a strange personal quirk; I keep thinking of the protagonist Robert Jordan, and transposing him in my mind with Di Vinci Code protagonist Robert Langdon. I guess it's the common name Robert."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hemingway used his experiences as a journalist during the Spanish Civil War to build the structure for this novel.  His descriptions of the settings are superb. The novel is a great introduction to the Spanish Civil  War, a war with which many Americans are unfamiliar. Hemingway used  characters like Pablo to show how people lose their humanity during war.  The story is powerful.  His main character, Robert Jordan, begins to  question whether anything good will come of all the fighting.Despite its  many wonderful attributes, this novel has some problems.  The dialogue is  stilted.  The romance (as in all Hemingway novels) is unbelievable.  Finally, Hemingway should have stuck to English.  His use of Spanish in  this book is embarassing.Nonetheless, in my opinion, For Whom the Bell  Tolls should be required reading for all U.S. high school students.  It's  truly a classic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read many, many books. I read many good books. But I read few books that are masterpieces and that I *know* are masterpieces before I've even finished them. This is one of them.Hemingway is a writer of many virtues and his share of faults. All his virtues and few of his faults are on display here. He brings to life a little skirmish in a &#34;little&#34; war that would perhaps be largely forgotten by most of the world were it not for this very book. His characterizations (with the exception of Maria, who however well she serves her purpose, is still, frankly insipid) are brilliant. Jordan is easily one of his most likable and relatable heroes, Pilar one of his best female characters. The conflict, and especially the climax in the last fifty pages, is electric.Thought-provoking, moving, entertaining - what more can you ask from a book?"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My first Hemingway was Men Without Women, a collection of short stories, and I was so bored with it. After that, I pretty much put Hemingway on my black list, because if I couldn't stand his short stories, there's no way I'll get through a whole novel. Man was I wrong. I read this book based on a recommendation from a friend. All I can say is wow! This book is truly beautiful; the characters, the scenes, and all the emotions that goes with it.The whole story takes place in 4 days. It's about a man who's on a mission to blow up a bridge and to do so he needs to work with the local guerrillas. Each character is unique, and the all the things one man can learn about life in just 4 days.Definitely one of my favorite books of all time. I look forward to checking out his other novels as well."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A major portion of the novel is told through the thoughts of Robert Jordan, with flashbacks to meetings with Russians in Madrid, and some reflections on his father and grandfather. Jordon's inner monologues fascinate and clearly demonstrate Hemingway's skill with language and character development. Jordan, at one point comments to himself, that he is his own best companion. Because of his wartime responsibilities, he cannot allow himself to be overcome by emotion, which he considers a luxury. Whenever he feels anger, deep love, disappointment, foreboding, fear, anything that will distract him from his purpose, he talks himself down and refocuses. In such a relatively brief period, he begins to love life as never before, because of his feelings for Maria. Even here, however, he accepts that if anything happens to him, he is fortunate to have experienced a lifetime in three and a half days."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After having read the first half of this book, I was bored.  Nothing happened.  We heard about a future attack, but it never happened.  But then suddenly, at the last few chapters, it finally took place.  And then the book got so exciting that I sat there gasping for air.  I also understood why the boring first half was included, because that part was the one that made the last half in to such an incredible experience.  And after I read the whole book, the first half became exciting too. So buy this book, it is the best I have ever read.  But keep in mind, that the first half is boring.  So do not give up.  Keep reading it to the end, and I promise you the best reading experience you have ever had. It is the first book by Hemmingway I have read, but it will not be the last."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you're a Hemingway fan, then you should not miss this book. There's a reason why many people feel this is his best novel. The scenery, character development, plot and overall picture in words make this a masterpiece. With the Spanish civil war as his launching point he makes great strides in making the reader feel the grip of ANY war past or present. What you get here is a lot of his philosophy on war, life, love and death. A theme with which he was more than passively familiar having had several near-death experiences until he finally took his own life. Compared to many of his other works, the ending is also somewhat of a fresh surprise. The John Donne quote cited in the fly leaf speaks volumes about the current troubles in the world today. Like all great literature, despite being written more than sixty years ago, this book still feels fresh and new."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls, is equally very engaging and very dull.  Occasionally this novel cracks with energy, the tension among the characters is quite potent, and then at other times it bores you near sleep.  The rambling monolgues can be great(like when Pilar is detailing Pablo's once fervent commitment to the cause) and then at other times the words seem to be an annoying roadblock that you have to wade through to get to the meaty parts.  All in all I respect this novel and do think it is a good work, but I can't give it more than 3 stars, because of the chores it sometimes put me through."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a tough book to write about. How many ways are there to say \"brilliant\"? This was a re-read for me of a war story and love story. The book far surpasses both. It was the first to describe war as it really is: with flawed heroes, horrible treatment of the civilian population by both sides, guerrillas who are both cruel and afraid, madmen in commanding positions, etc. It also tells about the Spanish Civil War, so for people are unaware that there actually was such a war, it is an eye-opener on the prelude to WWII. The book is appalling and beautiful at the same time. Please read it or re-read it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS is a great book if you are interested in the history of the Spanish Civil War. It is also useful if you are seeking insights into Hemingway. So much of the novel is taken directly from the author's experiences as a foreign correspondent in Spain for the North American Newspaper Alliance.There are many facets of the book which contribute to its outstanding reputation. Hemingway's treatment of Robert Jordan, the protagonist, is exceptional. Jordan is a very complicated man who is radically transformed by the events described in the book. He is also the first Hemingway hero to contemplate suicide.El Sordo is a leader of another guerilla band which is operating in the same territory as the band in which Jordan serves as an aide. The description of El Sordo's last stand on a hill against the Nationalists is an example of Hemingway's best writing."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved Farewell to Arms, so I picked this up at the bookstore near work  and couldn't put it down.  It really grabbed me.  While the first chapter  in any Hemingway book is difficult due to his lack of immediate  characterization, it soon becomes easy to understand.  I loved the  dialogues between Pilar, Jordan, and Maria.  They were so funny.  I even  learned some Spanish.  I love Hemingway's prose and for a while I tried to  model my own writings after his.  Unfortunately, I'm not as good as he is  at it.  Anyway, this book has inspired me to go to Spain for my semester  abroad and to research the Spanish Civil War more deeply.  Great novel that  happens to be educational."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is a story that will be with you forever after you have finished the last riveting page.  All other books will be judged by standards set by Hemmmingway in this one.  The Tragic story of Robert  Jordan and his love Maria is more amazing than any other I have read, seen  or heard.  El Sordo's final stand reads the way the greatest symphony is  heard.  Tension and crescendo that builds and builds until you become one  with the characters and their struggle.  I have never read a book that ends  like this one, and chances are a first time reader has not either.  Get  this book.  Read it.  This IS writting."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I revisited this book in my early 40's and came away resold on Hemingway as one of America's greatest writers and an artist who stands the test of time. It's a shame, in fact, that Hemingway's caricature-friendly persona, life and writing style have sometimes obsured his work. Forget the macho image and the stories of drinking and hunting. He is an artist of the first order.For Whom... is a novel about the important things -- life, love, death, fear, the attraction and horror of war. What struck me throughout was how innocent the characters are and how genuinely Hemingway depicts the most difficult subjects, be it war (in this case the Spanish Civil War) or the love between Maria and Robert Jordan.Hemingway is a writer we need in our times. He focuses on the big, important issues without cynicism, and never shies from exposing what is in our hearts and minds. A classic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of several Hemingway books I have come to read, actually in this case, listen to.I loathe idling about so I decided while I wait, wherever that maybe, I would listen to an audiobook. I prefer the unabridged versions which in this case was quite long.I found the subject matter mysteriously complex ( who doesn't find love  complex ) yet simplistic in it's exposition true to Hemingway's style.Each character is carefully developed and his/her relationships meticulously crafted and consistent with their dispositions.Hemingway explores humanity and allows us a glimpse of it in the most trying circumstances....love and war.It really is very hard to discuss the book without ruining details and the outcome so I will stop here.I would suggest getting the audicopy on ipod and listening to it on your next long journey overseas."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I did not care much for the story.  It was before my time so I have no connection to the events. The big looser for me was the writing style. It was probably a well accepted style at the time but just does not fit in today. Hemingway changed his style several times in his life and this is just an example of a style that went astray.I enjoyed &#34;The old man and the sea&#34; which was written quite differenty. The fact that there was only one person involved made a difference."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story is a classic. It details events that occurred during the Spanish civil war of the late 1930s when fascism was on the rise in Western Europe.In 1944, in my adolescent romanticism, I had become immutably bonded to the characters and Ingrid Bergman after seeing the movie that had just come out.Now, 70 years later and reading the details of the love affair, I was to discover that I understood practically nothing of the historical significance in which the story takes place. The atmosphere of the guerrilla cave and escapades left a deep impression on me that was never to be forgotten.Should you read this novel, I might suggest that seeing the movie first might place the characters most strongly in their rightful desperate and fateful surroundings as so skillfully described by the author."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Well, I'm embarrased to say that it took me until late in life to finally get around to reading this gem. And oh, what a gem it is. Robert Jordan is one of those characters that just stays with you. I found myself a bit envious of his adventure, at least for a while (don't want to give anything away). For me, having never fought in a war, the sense of romanticism, mingled with the clear tragedy, seemed a realistic picture of what it must be like.Ultimately, I admire the sense of duty and honor so many of these characters display, and I wonder how many people share that kind of personal commitment today. I like to think it's still a high number (certainly we see it our military men and women), but I can't help but wonder.......This book is a 5-star read all the way around. Read it. You won't be sorry."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "EXCERPTED FROM &quot;GOD'S COUNTRY&quot; BY STEVEN TRAVERS&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; is based upon Hemingway?s support for the anti-Communists fighting in the Spanish Civil War of the 1930s. He and many other Americans went over to fight in the war, which some say was a &quot;dress rehearsal&quot; for World War II. It did not materialize into the kind of idealized Spanish government that many had sacrificed for. The fascistic Francisco Franco ended up ruling an isolationist Spain until the 1970s. While the nation is now Democratic, the Franco regime was the final event that took Spain from greatness to mediocrity. Hemingway also wrote a stageplay about the Spanish Civil War called &quot;The Fifth Column&quot;.STEVEN TRAVERSAUTHOR OF &quot;BARRY BONDS: BASEBALL'S SUPERMAN&quot;&lt;B>..."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Then check out the passage when he falls to nothing.  This is the best war book (along with Tim Obriens The Things They Carried which is way different, and about a different war, but equally powerful) that I have  read.  It exhibits everything and gets to the point of life and its lack of  purpose if you cannot find something worth dying for, and that that purpose  is not the real purpose at all when it comes down to dying.  This is not a  dark book, nor is it self-pitying as I imagine a less able writer would  make it so soon.  It is not even depressing, it is exciting and touching  and well-written.  And there's winesacks as well.  &quot;the bell tolls for  thou,&quot; he quotes.  This book gets to the connectedness and loneliness  of people."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hemmingway transcribes his expat experiences in the Spanish American war into a gripping story of the futility of combat.  The main characters hide in the hills struggling between loyalty to their anti-fascist cause, and the scars caused by the attrocities they've experienced.For whom the bell tolls, as we all know, \"It tolls for thee!\" This summarizes the story.  To Hemmingway, war is futile.  We all lose.  Agree or disagree with the morality, the story captures Hemmingway's ability to lay emotions bare with strong minimalist prose and dialogure."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Ernest Hemingway wrote another great adventure story with FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS. His style is very vivid, and reading the book is like being on the scene of the Spanish Civil War itself. Prior to reading FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS, I had read all his short stories while taking a short story course in college, then THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA. The short stories vary in style, except that they are also written in short sentences, just as Hemingway preferred. THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA tends to be boring, but FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS is fascinating throughout. I just wish I had the time to read more of Hemingway's novels, just to see what they are like."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you like Old Man and the Sea, you'll love this.  It is similar in feeling and has a Spanish flair.  I seldom remember lines from books, but I've memorized many from this novel.  The opening quote from John Donne is  as deep as they come.  It sets the tone for the book, but is better  understood if you immediately re-read the quote right after finishing the  book.  You really truly understand then what is meant when he says,  &quot;Do not send to know for whom the bell tolls....it tolls for  thee.&quot;"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought  A Companion Guide to Rome by Masson based on 5-star recommendations from Amazon, and for me it was not a worthwhile purchase.  The authors (it has been revised several times) offer infinite detail and historical tid bits, but it actually offers little that wasn't already in the Green Guide, and it is too heavy and too much reading in my opinion to do on site, while walking around. It was a nice reference, but I should have looked for it in the library and just borrowed it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Like another reviewer, I'm an anthropology student and I had to read this book for a class I'm taking. Never has a book, meant for education, made me both laugh and cry out loud. It was simply wonderful. You will learn a lot about chimpanzees, and I promiss you will never watch them in the zoo, in the same way, again. Even if you are not looking to learn about chimpanzee developement and behavior, the book is excellent on a purely entertainment level. Even though this book is was a required reading, I was so impressed that I'm going out to buy her other books... just out of interest."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jane Goodall does an excellent job in describing how she started her career as a zoologist and humanitarian worker. She gives excellent descriptions of how chimpanzees interact as family members, how they feel like people do - and what people can learn from them. Her book makes us readers aware of how close animals can come to how human beings feel and act, and that man is by no means far superior to animals. It also gives us an incentive to appreciate animals and to respect them. Obviously, Jane Goodall observes and then accurately narrates. Even in the shadow of man, animals develop healthy, and man needs to respect that."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was the first book I ever borrowed from the library as a kid. I met Dr Goodall herself a few years ago. A gorgeous, wonderful woman. Humble. Quietly spoken. Impossible to ignore. My signed edition of this book is a treasure I'll take to my grave!Jane Goodall was once described as Conservation's Greatest Rock Star. She was so far ahead of her time, science is now only beginning to catch up. This is a beautifully written account of the beginnings of the longest continuous animal field study on earth. The discoveries Jane Goodall made at Gombe, in Tanzania, redefined not only science's understanding of Chimpanzees, but also redefined human beings. Because of Jane Goodall, we could no longer consider man to be the only \"tool maker\" living on earth.In the Shadow of Man has all the elements of a best-seller - politics, violence, sex, warfare, murder, devotion, tenderness, even love."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The photography in this coffee table book is just wonderful. It's a result of a project conducted on April 15, 1989, the 40th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China (ironically, just before the protests of Tiananmen Square). Ninety of the world's leading photojournalists fanned out across country and took photos, leaving a record of a varied country. We see Buddhist monks clad in scarlet, people practicing ballroom dance in public squares, hundreds of bicyclists pedaling to the rain plastic ponchos, a bare-bottomed toddler pedaling a bicycle, Muslim men at prayer, a psychiatric patient, and Deng Xiaoping spending a quiet night at home babysitting his friends. The photos are huge and breathtaking and a volume well worth having as a record of life in this vast and varied nation."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I own and love my Mexico the Beautiful Cookbook, so I decided to invest, and at 50 dollars it IS an investment, in the Italian edition. I was severely dissapointed in it. The photography is indeed as beautiful as the Mexico book, but the recipes are rather blah. I greatly prefer my books by Marcella Hazzan, especially her Essentials of Classical Italian Cooking.After using Hazzan's books, this one left me cold. I gave it away, and that is rare, as I collect cookbooks. Save your money."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "ITALY: THE BEAUTIFUL COOKBOOK is just that - a book brimming with known dishes and as well as rarities from throughout Italy presented in a format so well designed, filled with excellent photography, and thorough information about the country that it could rest as comfortably on the traveler's coffee table as in the gourmet's kitchen.Lorenza De'Medici takes the reader on an insider's tour of Italy with readable maps, stunning photographs of each region, information about the peculiar characteristics of the regions that inform the recipes, and then gives some of the finest recipes you'll likely to encounter for dishes both simple and complex.As with the best of cookbooks this one contains images that show how the result of the time spent in the kitchen will look. De'Medici writes with candor and in a relaxed inviting style.  This survey of Italian culinary arts and the historic background that accompanies them is as fine as any similar book on the market. Highly recommended.  Grady Harp, December 05"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Bleaah. Another of Lorenza de Medici's big, unwieldy books of gorgeous pictures of Italian scenery paired with mediocre recipes.The text, not written by de Medici, has several silly errors, saying that sugar cane came from the New World and pumpkins from the Old, which is backwards.The recipes are better than in some of her other cookbooks, where we were treated to a gorgeous picture of, for example, croque monsieur, which isn't Italian and isn't really a recipe.But not much better. Vegetarians might go for many of them, since they are supposed to be from the peasant kitchens, where meat was, until recently, seldom seen. Yet the recipes are dull enough. Steamed asparagus topped with butter and lemon is, indeed, a fine dish, but not really a recipe.The food illustrations are punk, well under the gorgeous picture of croque monsieur, for example.The full page pictures of Italy are superb, though, if you like that sort of thing."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A really wonderful book about the city of Delhi. Dalrymple and his wife go to spend a year living in Delhi (how did they afford this?), and he uses this arrangement as a way of chronicling the present day status of the city  and delving deep into its history. He's done a very nice job of moving back  and forth between present and past, managing to keep all his meetings and  interviews with various experts quite interesting. The only part which lost  my interest was an extended look into Sufi mysticism, but I just skimmed it  and moved along. Highly recommended to anyone with an interest in India,  and especially to anyone planning a trip to Delhi."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I know I will never be able to visit India, so my \"trip\" comes from books. Dalrymple is a great tour guide. He took me places that I wouldn't have been able to visit even if I flew to Delhi today.The people he met and described were as fascinating as the places he explored. This book is a combination of history, tourism, mini-biography, human interest, archeology and anthropology. The mix was well balanced and Dalrymple's writing ability made the entire book entertaining as well as educational.Please do not let the age of this book dissuade you from reading it. Dalrymple's take on Delhi will still be worth the read for as long as people read.My only gripe (worth a tenth of a star) was with the only map. Though nicely drawn by his wife, it was nearly useless. A more inclusive map would have added a tremendous amount to my enjoyment."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "dalrymple is simply one of the best travelogue writers today as he lives, breathes, imbibes the culture &amp; history of the places he travels to.  in this book, he takes you to the delhi (india) of old, a once beautiful and cultured city and revisits the historical, political and cultural  forces that shaped it.  dalrymple does all this with a keen eye and a  sympathetic ear for the inhabitants of the new delhi.  he shows an unusual  understanding for the people who once lived there and who live there now,  their aspirations &amp; fears.  even more remarkable is the fact that, the  empathy dalrymple feels comes through while he successfully avoids sounding  patronizing in his depiction of old &amp; new delhi.  all in all a fabulous  and very enjoyable travelogue, historical account and sympathetic tale from  a man who truly belongs without having been born or raised there....."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Mexico The Beautiful Cookbook contains what it claims: beautiful MEXICAN recipes, which are traditional, therefore not owned by anyone and like all traditional recipes vary from family to family, cooking to cooking. The book is beautifully illustrated and easy to follow. I have used the book over and over and given it as a gift to numerous friends all over the world who all treasure it. Mrs Palazuelos reputation is due to high standards and extremely hard work and with very good reason is considered Mexico's number 1 caterer and now her equally talented son has just opened a hit restaurant of Mex-Thai fusion cuisine, unique in Mexico."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This cookbook is truly a worthwhile purchase. Yes, the pictures are nice and there are some good informative paragraphs about the history of the food and regions where the food was influenced by. The the value of this book is in the recipes. The recipes are very authentic to Mexico. Such that some of the ingredients can be hard to find here in the United States.The favors are restaurant quality. Good presentation and the end of the book has techniques and advice on food preparation before you engage in the actual creation of the meals. Every base is covered, so I give this book a full recommendation. It's good enough that I am now curious about the other books in the series."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is much more than a cookbook and rightly deserves it's title. Many people associate Mexican cooking with tamales, tacos and burritos which is no surprise as many of the Mexican restaurants in the US limit their menus to such items. This book goes beyond what Americans consider traditional Mexican cooking and highlights many of the recipes derived from their Spanish ancestors, executed with local ingredients.This oversized book is separated into regions and includes recipes as well as detailed information on the country. There is an extensive chapter on seafood including some excellent recipes which shouldn't come as a surprise since Mexico boasts a 6000 mile coastline. Extensive photography is also included in this book making it a suitable for anybody. If you can find a spot for it on your bookshelve, buy this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is a classic of Mexican Cuisine. It's not as anal-retentive as Diana Kennedy and more appealing than Rick Bayless. The recipes are truly authentic and I have lived in Mexico for many years, researching the cuisines of Mexico. This book contains the majority of the most common dishes cooked in homes in Mexico and a great deal of the \"alta cocina\" works as well. I have made 75% of the dishes in this book and have served them to Mexican friends to rave reviews. This is the real thing. Marilyn Tausend collaborated in this book and it shows. She is an unsung hero of Mexican Cooking. There are others better known, but few that can take a recipe and make it easy to follow, yet as authentic as is possible with ingredients available in the US. If you want to cook like a real Mexican chef, get this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As my husband and I have a predelection for fine cuisine and having  studied with a few world's renounced chefs and aficionados of Mexican Cuisine, I guarantee this cookbook's recipes will delight even the most fastidious palate. The easy-to-follow recipes are ever bit as appetizing and appealing they appear in the exquisite photographs. Even a novice cook will look like pro with the savoir-faire of authentic Mexican cuisine.  I strongly recommend this book for gift-giving.  (I actually own a copy and use it.)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Overall, an excellent overview of anarchism that is well worth reading. Glad I bought it and enjoyed reading it.However, at times the author goes from chronicling the views of individual anarchists (and opponents) to coming down on one side or another of a debate. This itself would be useful, except the author seems to give short shrift to views he doesn't share.For example, take Murray Bookchin's criticisms of deep ecology. Marshall simply treats Bookchin's criticisms as untenable and treats Bookchin's disagreements with the deep ecologists as an example of how Bookchin \"laments our alienation from nature ... but he would still appear to be a victim of the process.\"Perhaps if the subtitle of \"Demanding the Impossible\" had been \"An Evaluation and Critique of Anarchism\" rather than \"A History of Anarchism\" this wouldn't have been so jarring, but it left me wondering (as someone not overly familiar with anarchist thinking and debates) how much of his history is colored by his own personal views on what is and is not anarchism proper."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Peter Marshall's Demanding the Impossible: A History of Anarchism has all the earmarks of a scholarly but eminently readable tour de force. It's comprehensive, objective, well sourced and indexed, and frequently updated. It has a large and helpful \"select bibliography.\"  The book covers all the major and (forgive the term) minor anarchists well. It's particularly adept at showing the precursors of anarchism as well as anarchism's close philosophical relatives. All the internal and external controversies and criticisms regarding anarchism are covered as well as anarchism's replies. The book covers the history of anarchism in action and in thought. Although the book is a daunting 705 pages printed in a font a tad too small for aging eyes, the book is a page turner. With an admirable scrupulousness, Marshall largely doesn't interject his affiliations until the very end in the epilogue and, even then, he does so minimally.This will be a book that I consult frequently. I cannot recommend it highly enough."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Everyone knows the story of the Nuremberg Trials but today the story of the Tokyo Trials is largely forgotten outside of Japan. The Allies who prosecuted the Pacific War held trials of Japan's war leaders on the same legal basis as those of the Nazis following the end of WWII. This book, written by a reporter who was present during the proceedings, looks at international law and the violations of it while Japan attempted to take over Asia. Also, the Japanese government's involvment in narcotics trafficing and both large-scale and small-scale atrocities directed at the civilian populations and POWs was addressed during the trials.While imperfect, the trials not only established the criminal behavior of Japan's government but determined the punishment of key leaders involved. The war guilt of Emperor Hirohito was never addressed (or addressed only obliquely) for political reasons while seven men were hanged for war crimes.A good read with some photos."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "book-my HUSBANDS personal copyCo-writerBud Shrake-Austin,TexasHarvey Morrison Penick-10/23/1904 to4/2/1995. Book is the 1992 edition.Instant classic-88 T I P S/175 pages/no photos. This is a SMALL red book.Throughout his love for golf and his loveof teaching shows through. He started outas a caddie at the Austin,Tx Country Club.He had been teaching for 60 years.My husband who DOES NOT read books LOVESTHIS ONE. Refers to it often. Its timeless.Still good info for 2012.Harvey says to also read:MODERN FUNDAMENTALS OF GOLF by Ben Hogan &HOW TO PLAY YOUR BEST GOLF by Tommy Armour.bbp okc ok 62 retired"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "An interesting mix of story, sayings, memoir and instruction..only the most ardent golfer or golf instructor could get much out of the instruction, but the story, sayings and memoirs are good, many outstandng.The concept of the Little Red Boook is interesing and alluring to the reader. An interesting mix of information. Well worth the read, but it leaves the reader--at least this reader--wishing it was two books, one of instruction, one on the other interesting and insightful informaton in the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book contains many entertaining anecdotes gathered over the course of may decades. Harvey Penick chose to become a teaching golf professional rather than barnstorm the country during those early years of golf tournaments when many professionals were simply glorified hustlers. Eventually Penick became widely respected and many notable players and duffers stopped over to visit him at the practice tee. Over time, the wooden shafted golf clubs gave way to titanium steel.I certainly enjoyed the historical perspective that the book provided. Although some golf instruction is included in the book, it is more of a nostalgic look backwards to days spent in the Texas sun mowing the lawns and watering the greens. Reading a book like this is not a bad way to spend an afternoon. Harvey Penick had a good life.If you are searching for a serious golf instruction manual, however, you may want to choose another book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "One thing mid to high handicappers such as myself notice about better golfers is how much knowledge of, and feel for, the game they have.  This book will increase your knowledege and feel immensely.  The result is a better additude toward the game and more confidence, which can only result in better scores.There is plenty of technical help as well with chapters on grip, &quot;the magic move,&quot; chipping, club selection, etc. If there's anything thats bothering your game, such as too strong of a grip, you may well discover what it is while reading this book.  But more than anything, you will be a more savvy golfer with a renewed additude.Hit 'em straight"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I prefer Jean Plaidy's books to those written under the name of Victoria Holt, mainly because I have an insane passion for historical fiction.  In all of her \"I\" novels written from the point of view of a Queen,  the reader actually becomes that woman's confidante and you feel that you  really know her.  It's an extraordinary gift for a writer to make someone  feel so at home with an aloof historical character.ETA (10/30/09): Having read more Plaidy recently and finding her style dry and hard to get through, I wonder what my opinion of this book would be, now 10 years since my original review? :-)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Ahhh Marie Antoinette. By now most people know she really did not utter the phrase \"let them eat cake\" in response to the raising bread shortage. During her and her husband's reign, the country was very unstable. There was a famine, a huge deficit, and finally, the Bastille and Reign of Terror.The book begins with her at 14, and just about to be married to the Dauphin of France. With get a look at what it must have been like to be her, a child bride, and completely unaware of what is in store for her. the famous line when they became the reigning king and queen\" we are too young to govern\" was probably true.We see her slowly mature and see through her eyes the country falling apart. What noone realized at the time was it really wasn't all her doing.Written as though she herself wrote it while awaiting exeuction, we feel sorry for her and that is truly the mark of a great book and a great writer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was my first book by Victoria Holt, and also my first book on Marie Antoinette. I knew a little about her from my college history class, but that was all. This story provided more information than class, and moved along quickly. It was very exciting at times, and written in a way that was very believable. The book contained real quotations from various sources, which was also interesting. It would be helpful for the reader to have *some* background information on the time period and/or Marie Antoinette in order to make reading the story a little smoother. There are a TON of names and places mentioned, which can make it confusing... but not enough dates. Dates are mentioned only here and then. My one complaint is that several times all French sentences were used with no translation... so since I don't speak French, they detracted from the story. I would have liked to have known the translations to those."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It seems cruel to review this book because you can't get it anymore.  My old copy is held together with rubber bands.  I liked everything about it.  All the characters were wonderful; the history was accurate; the mystery and intrigue were mysterious and intriguing.  The secondary characters were almost better than the main characters.  Good wasn't always pretty and Evil was evil with reasons and, sometimes, even strengths.  You could hiss the villians and cheer the good guys but you knew that these people lived and you mourned and rejoiced with them.  When the hero finally wins his lady's love, it's a timeless moment. Her love is an achievement...not a casual tumble in the normal historical bodice ripper.  My only complaint about this book was it was too short and there's never been a sequel.  If you can find a copy, read it - you'll love it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am thrilled to see others know how good this book is!  I read this years ago and kept the copy for a long time.  Then because I was crazy I got rid of my copy.  I kept thinking about it though and a few years ago paid about 40 dollars for a used copy.  Money well spent!  I read this book at least once a year and enjoy it every time. I keep hoping it will be reprinted so more people can enjoy reading about Adam and Julitta. There is something romantic about a man literally having some sense knocked into him.  Unlike so many romances of the time that had the love interest fight each other to the end then suddenly they are in love, Ms. Ingram gradually brings Julitta from  dislike, to grudging respect, friendship and then love.  All this while the Scots are over the border, there is disloyalty in the household and treason is afoot.  This it a great read!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I, too, am desperately seeking a copy of this book. I read it when I was in high school, and it really turned me on to reading.  I read that book 5 or six times - it was totally dog eared and worn.  Now, 20 years later, I  still think about it... and I can't find this book anywhere.  To me,  reading this story was like stepping back in time - into a romantic and  charming and exciting time... I really wish the publisher would re print  this book!  I would love to have my daughters read it now."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What an unbelievable work of art.  This book not only grabs you and pulls you in, with wonderful characters and writing, but you find yourself lost in the time and place.  I am currently about a fourth of the way through War and Remembrance....it is equally splendid.  I first read Marjorie Morningstar and fell in love with Herman Wouk's style and mastery of the storyline and character development.  At times when reading these books I am incredibly sad, other times uplifted, and yet other times amazed.  Absolutely one of the best authors I've ever read...and I have read alot of books."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this in hard-copy when it was first published.  During several moves, I have lost the book.  I decided to get the Kindle edition and I am thrilled to read this wonderful author again.  I found the sequel 'War and Remembrance' in the last move and will read that.  This is a long novel but well worth the time.  Although fiction, it involved historical figures that give it a real-life experience quality.  The fictional characters are fully developed and it is easy to visualize their life during the run up to World War II.  It is definitely a cautionary tale in today's world where most of us have the tendency to bury our heads in sand--or in family and work--and hope things will get better without doing anything ourselves.  Great read.  I'm still on the second half (because this is really two volumes) and even knowing the end, I'm rooting for Natalie and Aaron to get back home."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I go from historical romance novels to historical fiction to non-fiction but easy-to-read history.  Each of them has its own slant on perspective about that era, ranging from history-as- wallpaper to up-close rendering, as if you were there.  This is one of the very few novels that manages to combine the elements of all 3 kinds of those books into a very gripping reading saga of WWII.  So you are given well researched history in a very palatable form. It follows an interrelated cast of characters all over the map with WWII, taking us deeply into the critical locales. There is even a fascinating account given by a German general, interspersed throughout, of the war as seen through the opposite side's eyes. Wouk does an incredible job and his sequel, &quot;War and Remembrance&quot; is almost as goood."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you were one of those students that was doodling during American History or, more likely, by spring when WWII was covered, was thinking of other things as the teacher sped through the entire event in two periods, this is an wonderfully enjoyable way to get the history you missed. Following two families, this historic fiction offers insights into WWII that no textbook could. It opens in early 1939 and closes with Pearl Harbor, describing events in London, Europe, Washington and the Pacific. The book includes an enormous amount of factual data on actual events and individuals who played a significant role during the period. Additionally, it very effectively employs the device of reports written by a fictitious German general, to provide the German perspective on the war effort there. All in all an excellent book that should be required reading for anyone that feels they know too little about the period. And the sequel, War and Remembrance (which I am now reading) is an excellent follow up, continuing to track the characters throughout the remainder of the war."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel was an enormous best seller in the 1970s for good reason.  Wouk is a skilled story teller, and the reader quickly learns to like and to care about the fate of Wouk's characters.  Also, Wouk portrays a vision of America appealing to Americans:  they enter war reluctantly, but once in, they fight the good war and fight it well.  Although Wouk knows too much about the military to abandon all cynicism, he portrays military men as generally competent, committed, and patriotic.The appeal of the novel is also its limitation.  This is not a meditation on the human condition like Tolstoy's \"War and Peace.\"  Also, Wouk uses his characters to tell the whole story of the lead up to World War II.  He is sufficiently skilled to pull it off, but he spreads his characters a bit thin in the process.I recommend the book as highly entertaining.  Despite its length, it reads fast."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The &#34;Winds of War' along with its sequel &#34;War and Remembrance&#34; have been around for a long time. Still probably no other piece of historical fiction better tells the inside thinking and decision making of WWII's major players.  Told through the eyes of an extraordinary Naval Attache, &#34;Pug&#34; Henry finds himself with the wars key decision makers during their most important decisions of  WWII.The novel is also about the plight of the Jews in Europe leading up to and throughout WWII told through the eyes of Natalie Jastrow and her stubborn Uncle Aarron, the novel shows just how easily the Jews of Europe were systematically gathered up and brought to the &#34;work camps&#34; where most were eventually gassed.The novel(s) are both beautifully and horrifically written.  Some of the finest historical fiction ever written,"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book, and it's companion, \"War and Remembrance\" are two of my favorite novels of WWII. I read/re-read them about every ten years. I find them exceptionally well written with clearly drawn characters who enter the traumic period of Western civilization's march through the use of the industrial model for the destruction of millions of people and an end to traditional European colonial powers. I find myself caring about the characters, their losses, and how they delt with a world bent on destruction; characters trying to balance traditional values while creating new beginnings from the ashes of a world focused on self-destruction and death. I have read most of Mr. Wouk's books and have been a fan of his writings for many years. You will not be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "He's a most utterly unappealing protagonist.  Wouk wants us to think of Pug as a career-driven, very rigidly moral sort of person.  Instead, he came across to me as cold, humorless, stodgy, somewhat hypocritical, and very, VERY boring.  The few things Wouk has him do to make him less of a plaster saint (drinks a bit, smokes, lusts in his heart after a young English woman) didn't humanize Pug for me.  By the end of the novel, I found him about as likeable as Wouk's other famous character, Captain Queeg.That said, the plot of the novel was engrossing and most of the other characters (Including Hitler and Stalin!)were more interesting and entertaining than Pug.The definite highlight of the book is Wouk writing as the German General van Roon.  It's very convincingly done and it is in these sections of the book where what little (sly) humor Wouk offers is to be found."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For me,  THE WINDS OF WAR, combined with WAR AND REMEMBRANCE, comprise Herman Wouk's ultimate masterpiece. A sweeping telling of the World War II story from initial rumblings to Hiroshima, all through the eyes of a US Navy commander. The two books combined make for a massive read, but it's well worth it.  We must never ever forget the horror of the war, the horrific fate of the Jews caught in it's net and the brave men who willingly and, yes, gladly went off to fight enemies on both sides of the planet.  They are dying daily and the world owes them a huge debt.  Herman Wouk's accurate and fair telling of the story will stand as a monument to all of them. These books can be read and read again then listened to in the excellent audio version - they are that good."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a 5-star book that should read by anybody with an interest in WW II. The comments and complaints regarding sexism and poor female characters... well the book was published in 1971. Compare it to some of the other fiction being published at the time... Ian Fleming, John MacDonald, Robert Heinlein. Wouk comes of pretty well in comparison to those authors, I think, especially as his subject is war. Despite this, Wouk still constructs some fascinating female characters... and not all of them are brilliant, easy to sympathize with, or even very smart. But then again, neither are the men.It's a long story, a bit melodramatic at times, will infuriate you, and bring tears to your eyes. Which was what Wouk set out to accomplish."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"The Winds of War\" by Herman Wouk was one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  I have just ordered \"War and Remembrance\" because I finished the latter today and need to continue with the story.  The first half of the story (the first book) was a bit slow at first and I was reluctant to continue on, however it soon picked up pace and I couldn't put it down.  The story was heart-rending and I became sympathetic to all of the main characters and felt disdain towards the antagonists, just as the protagonists felt. I recommend this book to anyone who loves America and the struggle to gain freedom in a time when hope seemed far in the distance.  This book will enliven the American spirit.  I am sure that \"War and Remembrance\" will be just as well-written as \"The Winds of War\" and I look forward to reading how the character's lives end up.  Read This!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book along with it's companion, War and Remembrance, are so full of vivid history.  I learned from these books more about WWII including what led up to it than any history class, documentary, or history book could ever provide.On top of all this history is a touching tale about a military family that suffers the highs and lows of personal events (romance, divorce, death, etc.) while rubbing elbows with all the great names of that time.The authors descriptions of some of the battle scenes (The German defeat of the French) are so real that I felt I had experienced them first hand.  This should be required reading for any WWII history class."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved the mini-series so decided to give the book a go.  The TV series covered all the most important things from the book, but as usual there is much detail in the book that there was not time for in the series. This book is a good bet for  anyone who loves an engrossing story about a very important time in the history of mankind.  I learned a great deal that I never knew before, and I fancy myself somewhat of a history buff.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Really...I'm old enough to remember when this was first published! Maybe I should be grateful that I read it at a mature age, I probably appreciated it more. The Winds of War and War and Rememberance (which I also read and give 5 stars to) are the story of a fictional American family, a Navy family, and their lives during the run up to WWII and during the war itself. I have read a great deal about WWII, both fiction and non fiction, and this is a great work. The narrative is beautiful, the characters are written with great depth and insight (male and female, civilian and military alike) and the story spans the entire globe. There isn't a dull moment.What is amazing about the story is how well the personal trials and tribulations of the Henry clan are woven into the world history that is unfolding. Joy, love, death, betrayal, and all of it beautifully told.Wouk is a brilliant writer and a wonderful story teller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Winds\" is a magnificent saga of the Henry family and their friends and associates told against a backdrop of the world events leading up to the USA's entry to WWII.  Navy Captain Victor \"Pug\" Henry travels the world doing odd jobs for FDR while Germany invades Poland, overruns France, and fights England and Russia.  In the meantime, FDR keeps the USA out of the war. After rubbing elbows with Churchill, Stalin, and Hitler, Pug finally finishes up his tasks for FDR and heads to Hawaii to command a battleship.  All Pug really ever wanted was a sea command, a decent shot at flag rank, and good lives for his family.  Wait a minute---Hawaii?  Isn't that where Pearl Harbor is?  When I read \"The Caine Mutiny\", I thought I had read Wouk's best.  Despite the rather narrower scope of \"Caine\", I still feel that way. Don't miss this one though, it's great."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I consider myself very picky when it comes to books. They have to be pretty exciting and well writting to hold my attention. Maybe I have A.D.D. or something. As the other reviewer said, there is a little \"they know we know that they know\" business in this book, but that didn't stop me from zipping through this book in about 2 days. I  give this book 5 stars because the style of writing just allows you to literally sprint through the pages without realizing you're even reading. it's seamless, and a breeze to read. i never once stopped to question something he wrote, and never once felt like i was \"outside of the story\". i'll be purchasing more of his books pronto."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I think James Bond should take a leaf from Alistair Maclean's books. His hero in this &quot;yarn&quot; defies description, someone who is smart, a little cynical, unwilling to give in to the momentary distractions of injury or beautiful spoiled women (who are actually great heroines in disguise!) in order to force the hand of the blackguard holding the world in thrall.  My most memorable scene in this book is when the protagonist is suffering from a bullet-ridden leg, yet hanging from the side of a porthole in high wind, trying valiantly to get past the villains that have hijacked this ship which has precious lives and gold cargo.  It's a real treat and an engrossing read, especially because it is so fantastic!  I would rather take a hero of Maclean's stamp than Ian Fleming's any day of the week!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Once again,Patrick O'Brian bats a home run. The author manages to make day-to-day - in fact a minute to minute - life aboard a Napoleon-era man-of-war seem like it is happening contemporaneously. And a very exciting life it is too. Aubrey's skill as a mariner is amply displayed, as are the machinations of .Maturin. I used to think the C.S.Forester's Hornblower was the ultimate in sea stories of that era, but his skill has been supplanted, in my view, by O'Brien. If you like sea stories you will love this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jack Aubrey's dreams of success in the British Navy get a boost when he is assigned as the Commodore of a fleet near Mauritius. But, along with the glory of the management post, comes the hellish torture of responsibility  for the actions of several captains less capable than Jack.Aubrey and  Maturin finally fully join their mental forces in the attempt to understand  just what makes each captain in the fleet tick. Each at their own level  (Maturin's rather deeper), they form a concept of the other personalities  they must work with. And Aubrey ultimately finds that even the best  planning can be brought to nought by one committee or another...This  book also gives us a gently amusing glimpse of Aubrey's life on land as a  married man. As with all the Aubrey/Maturin books, this is by turns amusing  and thoughtful, as well as realistic and picturesque."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Over the years I have read almost all of the Aubrey-Maturin novels and I have enjoyed them, but this one was new to me, and was a disappointment. The engagements were all conducted against a kind of generic background, where in reality Mauritius in particular has a quite dramatic, volcanic skyline, and the fauna (the dodo had only recently gone extinct) still show the sort of evolutionary drift that should have transfixed Maturin. Instead we maneuvered in and out of bays and inlets that might as well have been off New Jersey. Shipboard life in the Georgian navy was as usual vividly rendered, but Admiralty politics, while referred to (Jack was made an acting Commodore for the assignment), were downplayed, and Napoleon was thousands of miles away. One got the impression that the French and British fleets were sort of killing time, fighting from force of habit. A potboiler, in narrative and purpose. Don't bother."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the BEST THANKSGIVING special around...and I am not just saying that because I am the RANKIN/BASS Historian.  The sound on this VHS is magnificent and it should be on DVD!  I have the original GAS LP Soundtrack on CD.  MAURY LAWS and JULES BASS did a wonderful job with the score.  ELBOW ROOM, sung by TENN. ERNIE FORD was part of the RANKIN/BASS off-Broadway play A MONTH OF SUNDAYS, before it was put to GREAT use in this special!  A GREAT Special!  E-mail me with any questions:  Rickgoldsc@aol.com"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Okay, Woodstock is supposed to be about peace love and unity. This video proves &quot;peace love and unity&quot; as &quot;hate gangs and destroying&quot;. They should have had some more positive bands like 311.  I.C.P. should NOT have been there!  They REALLY made me mad when they sang  &quot;F**k The World&quot;. Other than that, the video was okay. They could  have put some better songs from the bands though. Especially from Godsmack,  Lit, and Metallica. Basically, the video was not bad."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Honestly, all individuals are born different from the other. In G3's situation the 3 of them have their own distinctive feeling & style in playing that would obviously lift you up from your seats and scream out loud the word \"Yeah\". That is why I would not and could not classify who is ranking no.1, 2, or 3 among them. Unless, if your head is inflated with fowl air then approach me and I'm 100% willing to deflate your pathetic medical case and grant you guarantees of cure comprise of \"Love & Respect\". Buy this Dvd because your in for a special treat."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the first time I ever saw these three guys playing guitar. Satriani, Johnson and Vai. Each of them play 3 songs, and at the end they all unite and play together 3 more songs. This DVD is killer. The quality of the sound is just so good that you think you're listening to the CD. I sometimes turn on my surround sound and play this DVD and makes me think WOW! This is a must for any serious fan, or for anyone who loves guitar music. If I could give it a 10 stars, I'd give 10."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "So lets start of by saying I could only see Satch live in Buenos Aires Argentina, and I was like there is such a difference between live and studio that its just amazing. My favorite artist here is Steve, so what can I say bout this guys that hasn't been said.  Firstly, the song selection from these artists isn't all that great, think Steve could have chosen some better songs from the Passion and Warfare album.  Two of these songs come from that album, although I would have loved to listen ANIMAL and EROTIC NIGHTMARES which are two of Vai's greatest songs for my taste.  This DVD is kind of short, they could have included one more song for each artist.  It's about 75 minutes long. Though regarding quality its very good, I definately was left wanting more.  Anyway the price is excellent so I suggest you buy it anyway, a must own DVD for any fan.  Worth it for the price!!! is my final comment."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Though Joe Satriani starts of well the first thing that all this guitaring and shredding makes you do is turn the volume down. By the time Steve Vai goes on stage you've already had enough. I also somehow liked the sound of the Stratocaster more than the Ibanezes. It had a melodic touch to it. Inspite of this the virtuosity of the guitarists can never be undervalued. Great for students of the guitar but for the avid guitar listener it can become very tiresome. Eric Johnson's group where the drummer had a better role to play was also refreshing to watch and listen instead of having to focus all the time on the guitarists as in the performances of Joe Satriani and Steve Vai. Three stars for Eric's performance and the versatility of Satriani and Vai."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "After reading some of the other reviews I really don't have much more to add.  However in my opinion it's as good as the other's have said and then some.  I own three of these 3G concert versions, and this is my favorite because of the jam at the end with all three.  It's too bad they didn't make that a tridition with all three, but the other two are damn good and well worth purchasing on their own merit....A good collection to own if you're in to exteremly hot guitar licks...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I might get ripped for this review, but i honestly did not enjoy this DVD at all. I bought it after reading all the reviews on this site. Did not really know JB before so i approached it with an open mind. I don't like his overexaggerated singing much, he seems to try to somewhat copy Marc Bolan (personal opinion) and as for craftsmanship on the instrument he seems adequate at best. The other guys look bored and i got the impression the only time they enjoyed themselves was during the heavier songs like 'kick out the jams'. The only song i liked was the last one 'hallelujah' but even that dragged out too much. A redeeming factor was that i aquired the DVD for a bargain and got almost all my money back when i traded it in at a different shop."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Any true fan of Jeff Buckley will obviously have Grace, a truely remarkable album by one of the most awsome, talented, and passionate songwriters/singers ever to \"grace\" this planet!! And if you are that fan, then you will want to have this concert in your possesion. Just to see Jeff perform, along with his talented band, you see his ability expressed in his playing, and his vocal range. It is all just so great to be able to see this talent in person.Yes, the production may be somewhat raw and less than perfect,however,  Jeff is just that.....perfect. I don't care about the sound production being less than perfect, but seeing Jeff play live and in concert, is just a thrill. We fans have a limited selection of CD's that Jeff has performed, so having this DVD available is a must BUY for anyone who claims to be a Jeff Buckley die hard fan.JLMankin"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "To anyone who, like me, only really began to appreciate Buckley's amazing songwriting and delivery after his untimely death, this DVD holds the rare look at the man in the very intimate setting of the Metro in Chicago.  The  concert was orignally taped for a local Chicago music program, giving it a  very intimate quality.  The ENTIRE show is here, all the banter between  songs, the calls from the crowd.  The DVD is excellent, two seperate sound  mixes, regular CD quality PCM and a remixed Dolby Surround 5.1 mix.  Two  bonus acoustic songs and a press kit round out the DVD - worth every penny."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow, this is a concert experience unlike any other.  I am a die hard Jeff fan, and still to this day think Grace is one of the best albums ever made.  This concert, even if you dont know Jeff, is an experience within itself.  There are even more beautiful haunting dark vocal slides on this album, and if you thought that the album version of Hallelujiah was great, try this one!  I reccomend this DVD to anyone- words can not express how great it is.  I was disappointed though that the DVD didnt get that great of treatment- although it has some bonus stuff it doesnt have any booklet insert or anything.  otherwise its a great buy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been familiar with Herbert von Karajan and the singers on this DVD for a long time before finally seeing them in action, and I must say, not one of them failed to impress, and each one of them is just as amazing as I had always expected.  This is absolutely one of the greatest productions of Don Giovanni, which just happens to be my favorite opera, in this whole world.  Von Karajan seems to be still at the peak of his power with the baton, and I just cannot say enough great things about the cast, especially Anna Tomowa-Sintow, Samuel Ramey, Julia Varady, and Kathleen Battle. This is a must-have in the collection of any opera/Don Giovanni lover!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "We love this video. I love that it teachs my kids about babies, dogs, and farms. All three shows on this video are done very well. And I really can't say that with all Elmo's world shows. This video opens the way to talk to young kids about babies, dogs and farms. Which is great. I'm a home daycare provider. Over the yrs I have collected over 100 kids videos. Elmo's World - Babies, Dogs & More! seems to entertain my daycare kids ages 14 months to 5 yrs greatly. I'd say it's in the top 20 favorite videos of my daycare kids."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My daughter doesn't watch much television, and when she does it is usually Dora, Miffy or Blue's Clues on Noggin.  So, I didn't know if she would be interested in this Elmo DVD when she got it for her first birthday.  But now I know that regardless of the main character, babies and doggies are a sure winner.  Watching the little kids play with the babies is my favorite part, and it really gets my daughter's attention.  All in all I do recommend this DVD.  It shows alot, but isn't too fast paced.  Also, there are some very adorbale scenes.  But by the time the farm segment starts my daughter has usually lost interest."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Elmo is so entrancing, I have no idea how he does it, but when this DVD is on, my daughter can't help but stare at the TV and talk to Elmo (even at only 6 months old!) This episode of Elmo's World is particularly cute because he explores the world of adorable babies-humans and animals.  Something about babies makes other babies want to watch.  Thanks to Elmo, I get some much needed \"Me time\"...Although this DVD gets old for me some days, it's worth it because my daughter is glued to it and just can't seem to get enough of this fuzzy little monster and his cute little friends!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This movie couldn't make up it's mind if it wanted to be a sex comedy  along the lines of AMERICAN PIE or a romantic comedy akin to SHE'S ALL  THAT.  It had the potential to be good whichever way it went, but it never  lived up to it in either one.  The sex jokes were uninspired and the  situations felt awkward and forced.  The romance wasn't really emphasized  and just not done very well, I felt.  Normally, you're rooting for the boy  to get the girl, but, in this film, I didn't really care.  I felt nothing  for the characters; I didn't even find myself rooting against the  &quot;villain&quot;.  Be it the writer's or the director's fault, it was  just very badly done.  The acting was decent and the dialogue was well  written, but the story development just left me feeling flat.  Disappointing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Whatever it Takes is my pick for the worst teen comedy ever made. Miles below She's All That Never Been Kissed and American Pie and yes even worse than Can't Hardly Wait and the horrifying Melissa Joan Hart disaster You Drive me Crazy, Whatever it takes is boring an inept from start to finish. 2 guys join forces to help eachother get the girl of their dreams. 1 girl is the jock guy's cousin. The other girl is the best friend of the nice guy. It rips off a little Cyrano and a little She's all that. Complete with the cliched prom scene climax and the twist ending that you can predict from the first 5 minutes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Whatever It Takes is an adorable teen movie. It tells the story of Ryan (Shane), an unpopular kid in high school, who falls in love with Ashley (Jodi Lyn), Miss Popularity. He needs help getting Ashley to notice him, so in comes Chris (James), Ashley's cousin who is also very popular. Chris wants to date Ryan's best friend Maggie (Marla). He convinces Ryan that he has good intentions for wanting Maggie and that in the end, they will both have their dream girls, so Ryan agrees to the plan.Unfortunately, Ryan doesn't realize until it is too late that he's totally mismatched with his dream girl and that Chris is a total jerk.The cast is absolutely amazing, and they do a wonderful job. This is one of the best teen movies I've seen in a while.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to see a good romantic comedy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This movie is the most predictible film I have ever seen, In the first 30 seconds you can guess how it will end... But does it matter! it's a light hearted teen flick that will guarentee to leave you with a laugh and a bit of a warm tingly feeling too! Shane West (Get over it) and Marla sokoloff (Dude where's my car) give great performances and are joined by formed SNL cast members Julia Sweeney (Pat) and David Koechner. The best part is this special collectors edition DVD features deleted scenes a behind the scenes featurette and commentary by cast members and directors... what are you waiting for check it out and spread the word of Virgil doolittle!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "At this time, we all should know what a teen movie is.That predictable pink and stupid piece of...art.But, Hey!, i'm not saying all teen movies are bad, but this one it is.High School, Ryan(Shane West) is in love with the most popular girl, called Ashley.Her boyfriend(Chris)is in love with Shane's best friend, Maggie(Marla Sokoloff).So they help each other to get what they want, whatever it takes.The acting is good, specially by Shane West.They all do good the stupid high school kid rol.This movie has some funny moments, like the Titanic parody in the schooll prom.Or the girls locker room, and some more.But what i didn't like was MARLA.She's so bad acting and her character was so stupid, I mean, who is like her in real life.Sorry, didn't mean to offen you.Well, let's wait for the next teen movie and let's see the differences, hope to be better than this one."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I absolutely love Riverdance!  I've seen it live 4 times.  But for some unknown reason, they keep changing it and many of those changes are not for the better.  Here goes:1.  Firedance is much better in it's original version where it's performed by a man and a woman.2.  I don't see why the Trading Taps needs to be included.  However, this is not to say that the tappers are not incredibly talented, they're just not Celtic!3.  For the same reason I've never really liked the Russian Dervish dance!4.  I also don't care much for \"Slip Into Spring.\"5.  And the original version of \"Lift The Wings\" is by far the best!6.  Colin Dunne is no Michael Flatly.Now, for the two changes that are good.1.  The narration at the start the talks about The Sun!  Yay Lugh!2.  The number called \"Heartbeat Of The World.\"  It's very good!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There will never be a winner in the Flantley vs Dunne debate, which is perhaps appropriate, as the true star of the show is the music and dance, ably assisted by Colin Dunne, Jean Butler, Katie McMahon, et al.  The sheer  power of this production is overwhelming.  Even those who are not  afficianados of the dance will be enthralled by the pounding rhythms and  dizzying movements of the dancers.  The joy of Riverdance is apparent in  the interplay between the performers, masterfully captured in this video.  When the dancers are enjoying themselves, the audience feeds on the  enthusiasm, and a performance becomes a memorable event.  Riverdance - Live  from New York City is just such an occasion.  If I ever find a time  machine, I'm going back to catch the premier!  What a show!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Our 4-year old enjoyed it, with a little explanation in order about Miss Clavel's habit, and about the motives of the kidnappers.A very nice extra on the DVD is an old 1952 animated short based closely on the original Bemelmans book, with the text and cartoon style nearly identical. Amusingly, Miss Clavel is therein depicted as a sort of governess, rather than as a nun; perhaps a sign of the times, or maybe the cartoon's producers were not Catholic?I thought Hatty Jones did great in the title role -- wonder what ever happened to her?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this dvd for my 24month old son. I've been potty training him since he was 18m with great success but he had a backslide, having accidents about 4x a week. Now, he grabs himself and says POTTY and runs to the bathroom. Before he was using a potty chair, now he only uses the toilet (I think because he saw Tutter using the toilet). Aside from the potty training he loves the singing and he loves all of the animals on the show. I also recommend Bear in the Big Blue House: Colors and Shapes. These dvd's are so cute my little one watches them every day!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you haven't heard any of Carole's music since Tapestry, hold on to your hat.  Her style has evolved, but not unrecognizably so.  And her wonderful voice and talent are the same.The Dolby Digital 5.1 audio quality is quite good.  The visual quality is high  enough to watch at a widescreen setting with only a tiny loss of sharpness.  Each song is a chapter, so you can easily go to a particular song.  My  only criticism is that the dvd is very dark in places.  I would have preferred softer lighting  on the stage with fewer spotlights and shadows.I loved seeing Carole at the piano for several songs during this concert. That's  the Carole that I remember.  But how fun it is to see Carole facing the audience, singing, dancing, and inviting them to join in on a chorus of one of the old  favorites.  This is a must-see for any Carole King fan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you want to really treat yourself to something wonderful, check out this DVD of Carole King, who may be the best female entertainer of all.She has always been great, and I think with a few years on her, she's even better.But I was just totally beguiled by one of her guest musicians - Slash - from Guns 'N Roses.  I had never heard him before, but I don't think I've ever heard a more fantastic guitarist.The talent that these people, at this level, possess is absolutely mesmerizing.I guess there's no limit to the incredible talent some people have, but what's all the more mysterious is how some entertainers, who shall be unnamed, manage to make millions of dollars with no discernible talent whatsoever.However, that's not the case here.  Everybody on this DVD is a pro, and you will be duly impressed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS DVD FOR THE EXPERIENCED VIEWER OF LIVE OR DVD PERFORMANCES OF BALLET. IT IS A COMPENDIUM MOST SUITED TO THE PERSON OF ANY AGE WHO HAS NOT BEEN MUCH EXPOSED TO CLASSIC DANCE NOR COLLECTED FULL PERFORMANCE DVD'S.YES, THE TITLE IS SOMEWHAT MISLEADING, MORE ACCURATE WOULD A SUB5ITLE SUCH AS \"SAMPLES FROM SOME OF THE LEADING BALLET COMPANIES\" OR \"A PRIMER FOR BEGINNERS IN VIEWING DANCE\".FOR THE PURPOSES I OUTLINE, MY ONLY QUARREL IS WITH THE UNEVEN LENGTHS OF THE SELECTIONS. BETTER TWO OR THREE FEWER AND MORE TIME FOR THE REMAINING ONES. AS IT IS, TWO OR THREE ARE FRUSTRATINGLY SHORT WHILE NONE OF THE OTHERS COULD BE SAID TO BE TOO LONG.HOWEVER, MARKETING GOALS PROBABLY DICTATED A MAXIMUM NUMBER OF ITEMS WITH SUFFICIENT TIME FOR MOST TO AVOID THE SENSE THAT THEY ARE \"COMING ATTRACTIONS\" OR PREVIEWS.THE VIRTUE FOR THE BEGINNER IS THAT ALL THESE SELECTIONS ARE GOOD TO LOOK AT AND GOOD TO HEAR, ALL THE PERFORMERS HIGHLY COMPETENT, AND ALL THE SEGMENTS AVAILABLE (BY SOME GROUP OF GOOD PERFORMERS) FOR PURCHASE OR RENTAL."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is simply a DVD version of a video released some years ago (aprox. 5-8 years ago?) so the newer partnerships mentioned in some of the reviews above, and already released on other DVDs (and copyrighted by their producers) would not have been available for inclusion.  However, what is included are several exemplary pas de deux danced by some of the best dancers of the last 30+ years.  If you haven't seen them live, this is a good chance to view them at their best, and be able to compare to other (more current) interpretations and see how changing forms and style have impacted ballet."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The trouble with this bleakly modern staging of Don Giovanni isn't that it fails but that it works all too well. Instead of the Faustian Giovanni of traditional productions, whose defiance is so appealing that one almost wishes him a better fate, Gilles Cachemaille portrays a sex-crazed psychopath who unquestionably deserves the psychological hell he's created for himself. Instead of the stock commedia Donna Elvira, we get a hopeless co-dependent. The cocky survivor Leoporello, traditionally a double of Figaro but less lucky in his master, becomes a self-hating neurotic with just a hint of masochistic homoeroticism. Don Ottavio, traditionally a satiric role, in the Glyndebourne production becomes the most stable character, the \"therapist\" for Donna Anna. And so on. All the roles are well conceived in this dark, Bergmanesque psychodrama. It's a good piece of theater!Oh, but what about the music? Unfortunately, it's not well-suited to the action, and perhaps should be replaced."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Puccini's La Fanciulla Del West must have a great cast, in order to bring out the depth of characterizations and musical values, as prescribed by Puccini and his librettist. Placido Domingo and Carol Neblett shine in this production from the Royal Opera. The rest of the cast are all well- suited to their roles. Maestro Santi has a reputation for being a formidable Italian conductor! The production is great. I'm spoiled by today's High-Definition format, so my only reservation is the picture quality. This production is from a number of years ago. All in all,this is a good product and should be in any operaficionado's collection!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Overall I loved this performance, especially the performances of Domingo and Neblett.  Yes, she may have been overtaxed in the role at times, but for me the chemistry between the two of them was wonderful.  He with a soft edged machismo and she as the tough woman in the wild west but with an obvious feminine side.  I found both the characters very believable.  Carolli was acceptable but not great.  Wish it had been Milnes as in the recording on the DGG CD.  The production values are good but the age of this recording shows.  It definitely does not have the sharpness of more modern recordings.  I've not seen the La Scala DVD mentioned here but I've heard it on CD and while Domingo is as good as always, I find Zampieri's voice just plain ugly."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fanciulla should be lively....rugged men, perky young gal.... but Neblett acts like a 40 year old school marm and is not helped by the ponderously slow tempi.  This ain't Wagner!!  Phrases that should bounce and sparkle are more like dirges.  Domingo is ordinary as usual, but sings a bit better here than in the Met production.  I usually like Carolli, but not so much here.......rather stiff and one dimensional.So why did I give 4 stars.........the sets and costumes are fantastic.  Altho Minnie's cabin has elaborate china and stuff you would never expect in a wilderness cabin."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Handel, when asked towards the end of his life what he thought his greatest work was, replied \"Theodora\". It's his next-to-last oratorio, and it is of such transcendant beauty that words fail to describe it. Everything that can be said about this performance has already been said better by others, so I won't even try. Peter Sellar's direction may not be to everyone's taste, but he had the vision to turn this English \"Oratorio\" into a viable stage piece, crucially giving Lorraine Hunt the opportunity to give her greatest dramatic performance. She's the star of this show, even if everyone else surpasses themselves as well. A sublime, overwhelming recording of Handel's greatest work. Not to be missed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Handel's late oratorio is giving a magnificent reading in this modern staging, taped at the 1996 Glyndebourne Festival.  Baroque specialist William Christie leads the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and a group of spectacularly talented principals who bring great sensitivity and drama to some of Handel's most achingly-beautiful music.  Daniels, Upshaw, Croft and Hunt all sing ravishingly (pay special attention to Croft's wonderful first act aria).  The Glyndebourne Chorus is spectacular, and gives wonderful treatment to the great choral sections.  Avante-garde director Peter Sellars gives the piece a modern treatment that holds interest, if not providing any revelatory moments.  Technical aspects are superb.  Highly recommended for the Handel completist, and a great introduction to this beautiful score (considered to be Handel's personal favorite)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was my first time seeing anying by the Australian Ballet and I was very impressed.  Costumes and sets are beautiful.  Pavane and Horsman are very talented performers.  I really enjoyed the second act in the Dr's \"workroom\".  The members of the company who \"dance\" the various \"dolls\" are great especially the one who performs the floppy, unformed, unsculpted \"doll\".  Also worth noting is that a friend who knows nothing about ballet easily understood the story without help from me or any other source."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Coppelia has always been my favorite ballet (to watch and to dance).My friend and I decided that we wanted to see the ballet again, after several years of not seeing it, so I went on Amazon to see what was out there.  I'm really glad that I chose the Australian Ballet's version.If you read the other reviews, yes, there are some differences from the 'classic' version of the story, but it's done really well and the dancing is phenomenal.  If you're looking for a great version of this ballet for your collection, pick this one up, you won't be disappointed.(this, from a professional ballet dancer. Well, 2 if you count the friend I watched it with!)  :-)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've just now (minutes ago) finished seeing this film for the first time.I'm awestruck.Had this film been made by anyone other than Fritz Lang I'd have thought it impossible in the context of a film circa 1931.  Peter Lorre's performance as a child murderer is incredible.  His pleas for mercy when being \"tried\" by the underworld bosses is amazing.  The director spends an entire film making you hate his character and in a matter of seconds, Peter Lorre makes you understand the pathos, the compulsion, the madness that drives him to do what he does.  He relates real pain, real self hatred and true madness.  The cinematography is PERFECT.  Every aspect is flawless.  All this from a film made nearly three quarters of a century ago.It's in German.  Subtitles.  Big deal.  If you're even looking at this, you need to see it, period."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Peter Lorre is the psychopathic child murderer who turns a whole German city upside down trying to track him down. The underworld gets in on the chase after the police, in doing their job so thoroughly, harass them so much they can't conduct business as usual (pretty funny when you think about it). Thus we have a race between the cops and the crooks to see who'll find Lorre first. The crooks win after getting a tip from a blind balloon seller (the blind leading the blind?).Any other director might have been satisfied with this ironic satire, but Fritz Lang goes after more: Lorre is what really interests him, the workings of a psychotic killer, the uncontrollable drives, the fear, the guilt. And Lorre, sweating profusely, eyes bulging, makes us feel what it must be like to be trapped in who he is. That is what makes this film so memorable. A great movie. Definitely worth a watch."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Honestly, after reading some of the wonderfully written reviews here I cannot see myself even attempting to better this excellence.  Just going to say I watched it today and was astounded.  I originally started to watch it in English but as soon as Lorre came on, realized he didn't do his own voice-over. Stopped and begin the subtitled version. The imagery in this film will blow you away. Lorre is perfect in the part.  I've mostly seen him in comedic roles, the exception being CASSABLANCA, so this was a good opportunity to watch him strut his dramatic chops.On a lesser note, I enoyed seeing life in the 30's Germany. The washboard and the wash tub, the way the rooms looked as well as the way people dressed.Now, go read some of the other reviews. You won't be sorry."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "German director Fritz Lang's first sound film was this haunting story of a child murderer (Peter Lorre) on the loose in a large German city.  It is a seminal film in the sense that it ranks among the first appearances of two genres: police procedurals and serial killer movies.  Lang's Berlin is an eerie place full of shadows and inhabited by a very well-organized underworld that is capable of launching its own manhunt for the killer when the police investigation makes things too uncomfortable.  Lorre's Hans Beckert is a pathetic figure that acts on his grotesque compulsions in total ignorance of the forces aligning against him.  His tormented speech toward the end of the film, when he has been put on trial before the mass of the Berlin underworld, shows keen insight into the killer's condition and mental state, almost eliciting sympathy for him.  This is a stark, facinating film."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"M\" was a pioneering effort when Fritz Lang directed it, a lifetime ago, and it's still well worth watching. But 72 years later, it's lost a bit of its edge. Peter Lorre was primarily a stage actor at the time he appeared in \"M\" and by today's standards  his performance in the famous \"underground trial\" scene verges on scenery-chewing. And while the print used to produce Criterion Collection DVD is mostly clear, the subtitles [are bad] ... sentences are broken in odd places, and often several characters' lines appear all together, before an exchange is half over.  If you've never seen this movie, and you have any serious interest in the development of the art form, you definitely ought to see it. But don't expect edge-of-your-seat tension throughout!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film left me numb. The final scenes hit me with a power I had never before experienced. Peter Lorre plays a child murderer (immaculately, I must add) being pursued, throughout the course of the film, by not only the police, but the underground crime syndicate as well. Lang's use of the newfound sound technology is absolutely brilliant, as is his visual style. The opening scene shows shots of empty alleys, stairwells, and a lost balloon stuck in power lines over the sound of a mother calling for her child, instead of showing the actual killing itself. And its worth seeing for that alone."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Amazing how the old school films had no need for all the gore and over-explicit graphics often used in modern filmography. This film offers a look at a very true and realistic problem that seems to have been haunting societies since old. It makes one see that fine line between true sickness of the mind and and a plain criminal one. This must have been a very controversial film for its time but it brings something that has to be dealt with. Again, is amazing how no over explicit graphics are needed in order to awake one's imagination. Not that I don't like graphics, is just that sometimes the imagination does a better job at imaging and bringing true tension to the scenes. Very well made film and classic for all times. Superb role for Peter Lorre. A better actor for this charachter could have never been found."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fritz Lang's first sound film is a masterpiece of dread and suspense. Hans appears almost like the children he victimizes, soft and weak, and his fear of exposure almost makes us pity him. You can't conceive of anyone but Lorre pulling off this tricky characterization.  Lang creates a Berlin whose layout seems designed to expose the molester, a city of shadows, blind alleys, and a million unseen, unsparing eyes. Seventy five years after its release, this film retains its shock value. Along with \"Metropolis\", an early pinnacle for director Lang."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "M is an essential film. But this DVD was a little disappointing, I felt. The picture and sound were better than other versions I've seen, but still not as pristine as I would have liked. Special features were so-so. Price was as high as Criterion usually likes it. All in all, I've seen better adaptations of similarly legendary films to DVD.But if you are at all interested in the great films of the past, this is a must-have, and Criterion MUST be kept in business at all costs (wince). So this is a good buy overall."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Perhaps the very first serial killer film ever made--way back in l931!Although, as far as directors go, I preffer the works of Claude Chabrol (especially Chabrol's The Butcher, over Lang's M), Lang's M holds up pretty damn well.What you really get here is three films in one: first third feels like a serial killer film, middle third feels like a police procedural, and the last third feels like a crime caper flick.For me, the first and last third worked exceptionally well. Peter Lorre convincing in the title role. Middle part (with the cops doing what cops do) lagged and felt drawn out, only because we have seen so many scenes like this over the years in other films of this nature.Friedkin interviews Lang in the two-disk package."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ok... in my book, you can't miss any film that has the great Peter Lorre in a key role. While this film was most likely intended to make a statement about society, it translates nicely as a finely crafted story of a manhunt for a despicable murderer of children.The Criterion dvd features a very nice print, and considering this is in the early day of sound film, maintains a clean soundtrack.Like the best of post WWI German films, M makes people look at themselves and question the power that leads, or misleads. The gray area is surprisingly broad when presented in such a skilled way. This film merits re-watching as the arguement proposed in M leaves further questions, rather than answers.The sharp editing and stark imagery make the technical execution of this film a classic and paints society itself as ugly as its own nightmares."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an astounding film. Peter Lorre gives a hauntingly brilliant performance as the twisted, yet sympathetic serial killer loosely based on real-life serial killers of the time (Fritz Haarman &amp; Peter Kurten). A serial killer is on the loose preying on little children. The police can't figure out who it is. The criminals who are sickened by the news decide to band together to track down the killer. Fritz lang does a brilliant job conveying the sheer terror that gripped the town as a monster roams the streets killing innocent children. A classic that deserves mentioning as one of the greatest achievements in cinema history."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fritz Lang's M features a young Peter Lorre as a psychotic child murderer on the loose in Germany. His performance is chilling. The rest of the cast is also excellent as they portray various levels of society reacting to the murders and participating in the hunt for a serial killer. Lang uses music and lighting to great effect and the film is gripping from beginning to end. It is in B&W with English subtitles. For lovers of classic films this is a must see. It showcases a master at work in the creation of an atmospheric horror story with minimal technology and special effects.  You can honestly say after watching this \" they don't make them like this anymore\"."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is without hyperbole one of the best movies ever made.  When I first watched it, I was absolutely riveted.  While German cinema of this time period (1920s-1930s) was certainly edgy, experimental and deeply rooted in the social issues of the day, this movie stands above the rest.  It's one of the very first movies to examine the social problems of serial killers, pedophiles, mental illness and mob rule.  And all of this is delivered with Fritz Lang's incomparable film-making style.The newest Criterion release is definitely the best available.  Not only does the film look lovely with its new transfer, but there are plenty of informative extras to keep Lang's most ardent fans happy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "spoilers.This is a great story of an entire city going crazy with fear over a child killer, played well by Peter Lorre, and in the end, a group of vigilantes tries to dispense justice in their own fashion.It's fascinating to watch the accused insist on his own dark compulsion and claim that he does not remember committing the murders.  Apparently the insanity plea goes back a long way.He even begs to get the police involved so that he can at least get a fair trial, which the criminals were not willing to give him.There is certainly some over-emoting on the part of the actors, but this was quite common in the early days of talkies, when people were still in the habit of exaggerating everything for silent film work.Good stuff!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles the (1990) Original film!! Damn I Love this movie!! and never get bored of it!! this movie came out when i was born, and i didn't see it till i was 6 and fell in love with it instantly, call it Love at first sight but damn this movie was action packed! Hilarious!! and Awesome!! I'm 22 now and still have a kick azz time with this film, a very cool movie and for it's time back then it's a huge success. So for any new kid wondering if it's worth watching, it is!! It's time to kick butt with turtles and enjoy pizza!!!! Cowabunga dude's!!!!! Go ninja! go ninja! GO!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "They just don't make movies (especially ones for children) like this anymore. I saw this in theaters fifteen years ago, and I loved it. I proudly paid only $5.00 for this during Wal-Mart's video liquidation sale last year. I've owned Turtles II and the sub-par III for ten years, but I never did have my favourite first one on tape until now. As for the DVD release: don't bother. DVDs scrath just as badly as CDs, and there's nothing that can protect you collection from careless younger siblings intent on taking your fragile CD and DVD collection. Plus, the street market allows you to find (on VHS) extra-violent fight scenes that originally earned the first Turtles movie a PG-13 rating. If you want information on this workprint you're missing out on, go to [...]"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to say i give the crew behind TMNT a lot of credit, dealing with the low budget they had, and able to create the wonderful costumes for the turtles. I'm not good with the names of the people in the costumes but i have to say, they are truly talented in the 3 movies in this series. This movie does seem to slow down in the middle of it, but the fight scenes are amazing. A lot of great directed shots by Steve Barron, this is probably one of his best. With the low budget they had, they were limited on set design, which is noticeable, do to the fact, that some of the shots are actually from New York, and the house that they are in after there first encounter with The Foot is a real house. As we can all tell, the costumes probably took a great deal of percentage out of the 13 million dollar budget. But overall, this movie is just plain fun, and great adventure."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of those movies that I think has just been misstreaded when beeing put on DVD. The movie is great, but there are no bonus materials :(Ever since the film came out, we always wondered where that scene was that shows up on the trailer? a scene where the turtles are in the water, and there shells pop up... so with this DVD i was hoping there would be deleted scenes to satasfy that curiosity? But sadly, there isnt even a featurette:(And i know they made featurettes, i remember clearly all those years ago a guy punching in things on a key bourd, and the robotic head of Raphial it was hooked into was moving the facial features around.... so where are those features???For this decent price, its ok. The sewer game is forgetable, might occupy you for a few minutes?! But i'm very disapointed that there is no bonus features with this great ninja comedy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were the cartoon craze I remember growing up.  I was so happy someone finally put the movie on DVD.  While this movie wasn't great as far as technical standards it still did a great job capturing the story line and personalities.  I thought maybe I had outgrown the turtles but as soon as I saw the movie again I was hooked.  I couldn't wait to find an original Nintendo and start playing the TMNT game again.  You've got to own this part of independent film history."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, this movie is a classic. I feel very lucky to have grown up when the Ninja Turtles first became popular. This was back at a time when thought and care went into children's entertainment. Unlike the stuff kids are watching today. All of the characters in the Ninja Turtles series have distinct personalities and they're all lovable in their own way. If you loved this movie when you were a kid you'll still love it as an adult. Sure, the movie looks dated but it is far superior to the recent kids movies out there like &quot;Power Rangers.&quot;"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have always loved this movie.It was everything that the other Ninja Turtle movies were not.It was dark,and was a bit serious,but at the same time,there was humor in it.Both kids and adults could enjoy this movie.Although there is a few violent scenes(such as Shredder's death) that some parents might not want their kids watching...but that's up to the parents.Overall though,this is a really good enjoyable film.I thought the other Turtle movies were complete crap.I wish they would come out with a two disc special edition of this,with deleted scenes,commentary,and other cool stuff,because this is one of the greatest comic book movies of all time.Right up there with Tim Burton's Batman and The original Superman movie in my opinion."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I like this movie a lot because of the good performance and excellent photography.  Domingo's Alfredo is still good enough however, Stratas's Violetta is not good at all in Act I - her voice is quite annoying and it seems that she cannot adjust her breathing while she is singing - things become better when Germont shows up in Act II.  Sound quality is much better than that recorded in an opera house, so is the image quality.  It's a good choice for those who do not really enjoy opera (just like me) or who want to try something different."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As I understand it, this film was a revolution at the time, with Zeferelli opting for shooting as for a film rather than filming a stage production. As another commentator commented, the miming is not always perfect and lip movements and sung words don't always match. However, the sound of one of Verdi's greatest operas is wonderful and the soloists are great. Domingo is in his prime here, not only a splendid voice but also a great actor, and Teresa Stratas does an equally great job as Violetta. The production is gorgeous, a feast to the eye as well as the ear, and the party scene, with two stars of the Bolshoi Ballet in the starring dancing roles, is absolutely breathtaking (\"He really didn't do that, did he? Omigosh, he did it again!\"). A must for all lovers of opera."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Since we bought this when it was first on VHS (after watching the movie when it first opened) this is a replacement.The story is very cute as are the characters except for the villain, who's a cat. My daughter love this and used to watch it several times a month. It has remained one of her favorites even though she is now a SR in college (majoring in chemistry).The colors were vibrant and the animation is super! Voice talent was superb, including Dom Deluise. I would rate this a very high 9.0 to 9.25 out of 10 stars.I highly recommend this!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I was a little bitty kid back in the day (around the late 80s and the early 90s) I loved this movie so much. Everyday I came home from kindergarten I watched this in the late afternoon. I used to sit on the living room carpet, back against the couch and sing &quot;Somewhere Outthere&quot; over and over and over again. The movie was just good to me. I adored it. If I have kids, I would show them this movie because it's touching and it's universal. Recommended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, i'm glad to see that i'm not the only not-kid (i'm 19) that still loves this movie and that cried when seeing it again...It's a great movie to see when you are a child, and a great movie to see through your life, until you could watch it with your own children.It's also an important movie: A friend of mine had a history teacher that said that this movie shows greatly the lives of the immigrants to America, so you'll also get a bit of history with it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow. This is one of those animated movies you won't soon forget. With a wonderful score by James Horner, great story, and admirable characters, this is right up there with Disney's best.Basic plot: Boy gets separated from his family on their way to America by boat and must find his way back to them. On his journey, he meets new friends and enemies in one grand adventure in New York. Oh, did I mention the main character and his family are mice? Watch it and enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you are an avid Doors fan - get this DVD.  The narration by the remaining Doors members is very informative.  The new version of \"The End\" recorded in Arthur Barrow's studio(Lotek in Venice, Ca)is hypnotizing. If you want a behind the scenes update of \"The Doors\" - this is it.  I thought it was very interesting to see Ray Manzarek's apartment in Venice, Ca where they lived and Jim Morrison lived there with them for a while.  The films \"Evergreen\" and \"Induction\" that Ray put together while at UCLA was also intriguing. Too much great information, film, and music to list all here. Get it - you won't be sorry you did."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Esta coleccion de DVD ( que en realidad es uno) contiene sus 3 m&aacute;s producidos videos. The Soft Parade, Dance on Fire y Live at the Hollywood Bowl. Lo unico nuevo en relaci&oacute;n a sus antecesores es el comienzo ( un video que se nota forzado) en que los tres sobrevivientes te dan la bienvenida al programa. posteriormente se escucha una relajada secci&oacute;n de comentarios para cada video. Estop hace entretenido pues se conocen aspectos muy interesantes sobre cada una de las diferentes presentaciones y tambien como se realizaron cada uno de los videos. se incluye una version del director del tema \" LA Woman\" donde se puede apreciar el cuerpo \"desnudo\" de la victima del sicopata. En fin un material excelente para cualquier fanatico de The Doors y tambien para quienes queieren conocer un poco a una de las bandas que abrio las puertas de la percepci&oacute;n y de la musica en los 60."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this because of rave reviews, but 75% is lip-synced junk or at best live singing over backing tracks. If you're an obssesive fan of CSNY and Sly & Family Stone like I am, then you have to buy this for their real live songs. That adds up to a great 10 or 15 minutes. The Rascals, Janis and a few others are live and decent, but wait till you can get this for $5 bucks, not $20. James Brown without his band! It's a crime against humanity. Most of this you will watch once at most.I mean Smith? They walked right out of the Billy Jack movie.Do you want to see David Steinberg and Lily Tomlin before they were famous, or funny? Some day Sly and CSNY will put out decent DVD's of all their live performances. C'mon Neil!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bambi deserves this terrific two-disc platinum edition, and it's as wonderul as you'd come to expect if you've seen other Disney platinum edition DVDs.  I received this DVD set gratis from Disney and was widely held in high esteem in our household, as everyone is thrilled with the film and the special features.The movie itself has been restored and looks and sounds great, in full-screen mode on Disk One.Disk Two contains the special features, which are plentiful and quite well done.  These include a making-of featurette as well as a featurette about the restoration and the animation process, including a story board meeting with Walt himself; a \"time capsule\" for 1942, the year of Bambi's release; an animated short; deleted scenes; a virtual forest to wander through; a story about Thumper; a Disneypedia of the forest animals; a game and a personality quiz.Subtitles are available in English."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Designed in the Disney hay-day of great movies like \"Fantasia\" and \"Song of the South\" this shows what animation and great music was and could be now with a little effort.The story which is a little easer to take than the book chronicles the life of a young prince \"Bambi\" his friends and how he grew and matured.  He passes through many rights of passage and takes his place in the forest society.The down side of the story is the demise of Bambi's mother which though innovative for the time traumatized many children. To this day you hear it is a classic \"but I can not bring my self to watch it.\" How ever this presentation is more of a symphony based on the characters from the story in the Disney tradition.Many of the uncredited voices were of famous people; many of them were famous after this film was made.Lady and the Tramp (50th Anniversary Edition)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Although the animation is incredible.  In fact, Walt Disney's gorgeously drawn paean to Nature is one of the most beautiful animated films ever made.  And there are important Life lessons to be learned here as well, about love, loss, growth etc.  Kids weaned on \"The Incredibles\" and \"Finding Nemo,\" however, might be a bit bored.  There's no plot to speak of, the music is corny, the humor quaint.  Older kids in particular will probably want to switch to \"Spider-Man 2\" or their Nintendo.  To be honest, as an adult Disney fan I much prefer \"Pinocchio\" and \"Dumbo\" from this period, both of which have great humor, plot and lots and lots of heart. (And they're beautifully animated as well.) My humble opinion: \"Bambi\" is obviously an important and significant achievement in animation.  It's sweet, pretty to look at, but that's about all."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "BAMBI is one of my favorite animated films produced from Walt Disney's creative genius. However, this DVD presentation of BAMBI somehow does not look true to Walt's original vision. The colors look over-enhanced and seem to alter the intention of the original filmmakers. My VHS and Laserdisc copies look much better than this DVD. You can see the original brush strokes if you look hard enough at those copies. Digital restoration seems to be getting to the point where restoration is now becoming recreation. There was a subdued natural look to the original BAMBI. This DVD looks too vibrant to the point where the colors seem to bleed into each other and become a distraction. Some of the innovations like the multiple plane shoots seem to lose their effectiveness. BAMBI is still an outstanding film exploring such themes as love, loss, coming of age and responsibility. These themes are artistically and dramatically represented here and they remain timeless."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The tale of BAMBI is timeless. Heartwarming and heartbreaking it endures the test of time as nature itself. I'll admit that when I was growing up I had little affection for BAMBI but some of the vivid images have remained with me up to this day.  The Great Prince all alone as the hard snow falls in a deafening silence is unnerving and almost unbearable to watch. Yet, his father is there to finish his upbringing and they walk off to his adulthood. As I return now I see the tenderness and harsh lesson we all must endure. Simply told through a brilliantly visual medium this film is so appropriately conceived for its honesty and celebration of life and nature. It has now become a favorite."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "At first, I wasn't sure if I really wanted to purchase this movie or not.However, nowI'm really glad that I have. I think I was reluctant because when I saw it the first time as a kid I didn't really understand what the purpose of the movie was. In a way, Bambi is a bit dark for kids. I love Bambi because of the simplicity of the storyline and the beauty of themusic. The music on its own is like another character and really describes what's going on in the movie.This D.V.D. set is wonderful because it goes inside Disney's private vault and it has some excellent games for all ages alike. I even found some of the games a bit more challenging then I would have liked. This is a really good family movie. However, I would suggest that children be a bit older to watchso that they completely understand what is happening in the movie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As any true Disney Classic will, Bambi touches and warms your heart.  This is one of those movies that stays with you for the rest of your life, after just one viewing, because of its impact.Bambi was the first animated film to ever touch on the subject of ecology, and man's effect on nature.  However, while it explores such a heavy subject it still maintains a simple beauty and charm.  It has all of the elements of an animated masterpiece:  beautiful animation, an interesting story line, loveable characters, and great voice acting.  However, it also brings the added joy of remembering all of the wonder that the world has to offer.  There are very powerful scenes, including Bambi's well known trama at losing his mother, and its sure to make you stop and think."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It's nice to see that some of the Disney classics get treated with the respect they deserve. After Dumbo got passed over, I wasn't sure it they would do any more deluxe 2 disc sets for these national treasures. 'Bambi' is the studios 5 full length animated feature film and is a testament to the animation, storytelling and loving care that when into these amazing features. Though 'Bambi' is not one of my personal favorites it is a beautiful film. The restoration is fantastic and the film looks better than ever!  The second disc is full of interesting extras, too many for me to go through in one sitting. I didn't see any trailers, but I would hope they are on this deluxe set."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Probably the greatest commercial animated film done by Walt Disney's amazing crew of animators in the &#34;glory&#34; years.  It is an amazing piece of work.  Some of the material the studio did for the military during WWII might rival it for animation prowess, but not for sheer storytelling on the commercial level.  It is simply great.  It was Walt's favorite and he agonized over Bambi's mom.  This is one they sure as hell don't make anymore.  I wonder how it would look if Pixar took a crack at it?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "All about a young male deer and how the phases of its life parallel the cycle of seasons in the forest. This is a perennial favourite from the genius of the Disney studios.  I've always thought that the beautifully done APRIL SHOWERS sequence - which reveals the forest at its most mysterious and beautiful exemplifies the superb craftmanship which is seen in every frame.  Here the world was introduced to Thumper who, along with Jiminy Cricket, Dumbo and the Seven Dwarfs became a favourite with children everywhere.  Based on the famous story by Felix Salten, this low-keyed and gentlest of all the Disney animated cartoons is a timeless delight for children and adults alike.  The film's total commitment to its portrayal of the seasons and elements of nature set a pattern that Disney would follow years later in his true-life adventure series.  As in all the past Disney cartoon features, colour and music played an important part in helping to create mood and atmosphere. A beautifully done animated gem from 1942."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this movie and had my three plus yr old watch it and I couldn't believe how terrified he was. I had to keep forwarding the scary scenes. I had no idea this was such an old movie. The music sounds like church music and is not something I consider for kids (Remember it is rated G). The video may be remastered but the audio quality is poor and one has to turn up the volume to listen to the dialogue which makes the scary scenes even more so. I think this is an age old format of story telling which needs to revised. Unfortunately Disney keeps repeating it through movies like Incredibles."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Aaaahhhhhh, yes that's the perfect mock for a movie so touchy.This movie is no way cheesy or corny.  Bambi was a movie that taught kids that life was not a piece of cake.  In fact you have to deal with reality, like the most fearful thing for a kid be left alone, and the death of a loved one.  How cruel that sound, but Disney as always painted the movie wich such matices that the carry on of it is such painfully delightful.  Without a doubt Bambi will always be one of the most powerful and defying animated pictures.  Bambi focus as many here have stated the relationship that human have(in an animal way).  A nice movie to cherish adn remember."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Watching Bambi, I wondered Is this really for kids during some parts of this film that may scare young children. And parts of this movie there are men that we don't see that are shooting and killing animals. And in one part during winter, they kill Bambi's mother after she hears trouble. But does Bambi have a father? Earlier in the film when he first talks, he calls a butterfly a bird, some flowers butterflys, and a skunk Flower. Which his friend a rabitt named Thumper laughs. Now remember this is a cartoon, in real life animals don't talk, expect for parrtors, excpect when they are babies."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Classic Disney movie on Blu-Ray, though not without a few reservations. There are screenshot threads comparing the blu-ray with the VHS and I feel that this bluray is a worthy upgrade without too many awful mistakes like on the Cindarella blu-ray or others like Little Mermaid (has been recalled), Robin Hood, and Sword in the Stone.  Luckily it wasn't edited or changed to make it any less-racist, so it's still the Peter Pan you remember :-)  But the transfer is a huge step up from the awful DVD that was released a few years back."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was always one of my favorite Disney movies.  I am happy to say that it is now one of my 2 daughter's favorites as well.  We got the DVD when it came out and they have watched it over and over.  All I can say is that I am glad that DVD movies don't wear out like VHS or Beta.The clarity of the images is fantastic.  Disney re-releases are always beautiful and this is no exception.Special features are great for the adults or older children.A definite must have for any family, but especially for those of us who remember or, more importantly, can't remember what it was like to be a kid."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "You can fly You can fly, you can fly!!!! Where the imagination can take you into far away lands you'll never forget TinkerBell! Don't we all love her! I'm troubled by the depiction of native americans though. What makes the red man red? I think this is the only set back to the film there's some prejudice there that I'm not happy with. Don't we all wanna stay as children? We all miss our childhoods. This film is by far one of the best films to relive your childhood."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "PETER PAN remains one of Disney's most fondly-remembered films.  Despite appearing in the same decade as Mary Martin's Broadway and television version, it is neither lessened nor ignored in comparison.Peter Pan (voiced by Disney's resident juvenile lead Bobby Driscoll) takes young Wendy (Kathryn Beaumont) along with Michael and John on a flight of fancy to Neverland, where you can never grow old.In their fantastic adventure, Peter and the Lost Boys battle the nefarious Captain Hook (Hans Conried), the bumbling Crocodile and the bloodthirsty Indians.The story deals with the abandoned dreams of childhood, a child's wish to remain young and the resentment of having to grow up.  James Barrie's story speaks to the child in all of us.This beautiful new DVD reissue coincides with Disney's new sequel, RETURN TO NEVERLAND, and includes a fantastic audio commentary, still galleries, DVD storybook and featurettes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of my favorite movies from my youth. The story follows the book reasonable close. What child won't want to have this adventure - pirates, Indians - being able to fly - this movie has it all!The picture is VERY good - probably as good, if not better, than when it was first shown in the theaters. I've owned this on tape, DVD and now blu-ray.The night scenes over London remind me of the ride in Disney World - quite simply they are beautiful.Some of the songs, notably 'You Can Fly', fits the story almost like they were written when the book was!This is a movie for the ages. Certainly this is a movie all childern (and those young at heart) should see several times in their life. The lessions it has are timeless as well.The movie came quickly and in perfect shape - all at a unbeatable price.I would rate this a very strong 9.0 to 9.25 out of 10."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Disney Studios 14th full length animated feature film is another fan favorite. Peter Pan is another enduring classic released at the height of the studios resurgence. The last film of the heavily influenced Mary Blair years. The colors pop even more on this sparkling Blu Ray treatment and there are some excellent bonus features on this set. Considering this is the 4th release on home video in fairly recent years there was no reason to lose any bonus features in the place of others here. The film is presented in its original theatrical fomat (full screen).Still the film has never looked or sounded better and there are some quality bonus features on this set. Overall this is a very satisfying release. The story is simple, the characters (Tinker Bell is a standout!)and songs are memorable. It's no wonder this is a fan favorite and had stood the test of time.If you don't own any edition, then the Blu Ray is by far the best choice."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like many other thousands of people I am a huge fan of Disney animated classics so I am very happy that this edition of Peter Pan is available.  I always had a very active imagination as a kid and it kind of dwindled away as the years rolled on by so it is always enjoyable to watch this movie and think of never growing up.  The story is so fun and magical.  Now a little down side to this movie is I don't want my kids to try to fly out a window!!!  Do you think Michael Jackson is trying to have the face of Peter Pan it really does look like him with the large eyes and very small nose?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This digitally restored Platinum Edition of the Disney classic breathes new life into the movie, putting it in front of a new generation of viewers with more vibrant colors that stand out and surround sound that will make you jump off your couch.As for the story, it really never gets old. Like Dumbo, Pinnochio or Bambi, one can watch it over and over and feel like the first day, when you dreamed alongside the gang, that you could fly to Neverland.The extras contained definitely make for an interesting complement, with the segment with Disney himself topping the list. As a package, if you don't already own the movie, it's highly recommendable, and if you do, it may not be a bad idea to sell your used movie and get your hands on this great collector's item."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Both the video and the sound on this BluRay are state-of-the art. The colors are really true, and are a little bit darker than they were in the previous DVD release (as can be seen when you watch the extra features which were produced for the earlier DVD release and feature color that has been \"corrected\" into a brighter, more-pastel-ish look). The outlines of the animated characters are also sharper in this BD release than in previous issues.The extra features in this set are substantial and very interesting. I won't discuss them here, but I will say that you're really missing out if you've purchased this combo set and don't avail yourself of watching the extras.A great release from Disney.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a Disney oldie but goodie, with lots of stuff that should keep just about anyone entertained. My parents enjoyed this when it came out, and I enjoyed it many years later. I have to admit that I am especially fond of Captain Hook, and all of the characters and storyline in this film were well-done. Some people will like this more than others - depending on personal tastes - but overall this is a great Disney classic and if you're a Disney fan, you'll want to check this out!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I expect this akin to heresy but I didn't much like this film.  I never saw it as a kid but was certainly put off when I saw the iconic characters in their actual (animated) performances.Peter Pan is a bit of a punk, -- certainly not a role model for any child.Tinkerbell is downright malicious.  The mermaids aren't much better.The positive is that the voice actors do an incredible job.  Truly perfect performances throughout.The negative is that the script itself makes Never-Never Land seem like a dysfunctional playground.  Maybe that's the point, as I've not read the book this is based upon, but it doesn't fit well in my mind of a Disney classic, especially one that formed a major pillar upon which the entire Disney franchise was based upon."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"SHANGHAI WENDY?\", the pirates reply.!!!  That's what I say!!!Captain Hook is, his fellow pirates say, \"the world's most famous crook\"!If it weren't for Peter Pan, I would not have a name!  I'm most grateful to be named after Wendy Darling, a most gracious heroine and foster mother to the Lost Boys of Never, Never Land.  I'm so glad too that Disney left out the ending where Wendy grows up after all, gets married, and meets Peter Pan after so many years of separation.  What a rotten ending, I've always thought, so glad this version ended differently.There's not really a moral to the story, just a fanciful adventure/children's story of innocent kids battling Captain Hook and his cohorts.  Another Disney classic!\"Say your prayers, Hook!!!\", Peter Pan replies when he saves the day!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you don't currently own Peter Pan, and love the movie, you still have time to buy it on video and dvd. But hurry up because Peter Pan and along with Beauty and the Beast, Beauty and the Beast The Enchanted Christmas and Return to Neverland are going out of stock on 1/31/03. Along with some other titles. Whether you believe it or not that Peter Pan's voice died in 1968 because he had been abusing himself and his body was founde by kids playing in an abanded village bulding but I think it took sometime to to discover he was the voice of Peter Pan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One thing  I like about this film was the realism, I get so sick of hearing about \"wooodstock\" that it was 3 days of Peace and Love....BS!  The hippies crashed the fences and didnt give a crap about the promoters and other men and and women who put the festival on. Feeling they can just storm in and not have to pay for an event and just stiff the promoters to have to dig in their own pockets to pay the artists and everything else,  With Woodstock tho, the promoters already had a film and record deal signed and wasnt too concernd about tickets but they still took a huge financial hit.Great documentary about the so called \"love child\" generation that were just as selfish and spoiled as the ME generation, same crap, different title.Wish the film were still a bit longer but it is what it is.Great performances by Jimi Hendrix, Janis and many others."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It's great to see this concert film again. The split-screen effect still holds up, even if it's a bit distracting to the enjoyment of the musical performances. Richie Havens and The Who still stand out as incredible sequences in the film. I'm not such a fan of mud, but these people actually make mud dancing look like fun. There's an incredible story about why the Woodstock festival actually took place in Bethel. A guy named Elliot Tiber issued a concert permit to the Woodstock organizers from the Bethel Chamber of Commerce, where he was a member. The rest, as they say, is history. The Elliot Tiber story is told very well in a forthcoming book called TAKING WOODSTOCK. Keep an eye out for it on Amazon; it should fast become the perfect preamble to watching this movie. Have fun, everyone, and remember -- DON'T EAT THE BROWN ACID!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First let me say that I was the idiot who thought that this contained the whole Woodstock concert (all days and all footage). Instead, I got one or two videos from each artist. I wanted to see all of Jimi Hendrix's concert or all of Janis Joplin's. Sadly, its not here. A friend said I'd have to find and purchase a different dvd and that costs alot more. I give it three stars because I did enjoy the videos that were there and they made me feel as if I was at the concert. If you are looking for the entire concert with videos of all songs from each artist, this is not it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, I have the VCR and a DVD recorded from the Cinemax airing, and the cassettes,but I'm happy I got the remastered anniversary edition. I used it during aWoodstock 40th anniversary promotion in my small shop and celebrated by not takinga shower all weekend. As a result it played continuously for 3 days. On the fourth day,I took it home and watched it again that evening. To watch it that much is a testamentto the significance of the event.Or....I'm a moron. OK, your point is well taken. But, it's still an excellent product.The packaging was fun too. The best $483 I've ever spent.What? Amazon has it for how much.............? Crap."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "O.K. , O.K. , I'M AN OREGONIAN WHO HAPPENED TO BE AT THE FESTIVAL FOR THE 2nd AND 3rd DAYS........I'M GLAD THEY RELEASED THIS COLLECTION , BUT I HAVE A FEW COMPLAINTS.......DO WE REALLY NEED FAKE BUCKSKIN FRINGE  ?FOR ME , THE BIGGEST OVERSIGHT IS THAT THEY DID NOT INCLUDE \" THE LOST PERFORMANCES,\" A VHS COLLECTION THAT WAS RELEASED IN THE EARLY 90s.......TO MY KNOWLEDGE , THIS HAS NEVER BEEN RELEASED ON DVD AND IS CURRENTLY OUT OF PRINT.....[ ALTHOUGH SOME OF THE PERFORMANCES ARE ON A CD CALLED \"WOODSTOCK DIARY.\"] I ALWAYS FELT THAT THE BEST PERFORMANCE OF THE ENTIRE FESTIVAL WAS CROSBY , STILLS AND NASH DOING MCCARTNEY'S \"BLACKBIRD.\"  THIS IS SADLY MISSING HERE........NOTHING BY THE BAND IS INCLUDED.....I MUST CONFESS THAT IT IS NICE TO SEE THE DEAD AND CREEDENCE LOOKING SO FRESH AND YOUNG........THIS IS WHY I GAVE IT FOUR STARS........"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A great introduction for those who missed out (like I did), but not so much a documentary or a concert. I supposed it is very difficult to fit 3 days into the time alloted, but it's oftentimes very difficult to watch as  some songs are cut short... the cameramen can't find the subject they're  shooting... the filmmakers often focus on mundane topics rather than  grabbing the full excitement of the event. Don't get me wrong - it's a  great piece of history - it just doesn't seem to capture the best of it,  IMHO."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The actual event of Woodstock goes beyond simple concert and music footage. The work of capturing history on film must have been daunting. Not only was history captured on film, it was filmed as documentary, too. When it's mentioned that this film won an Oscar as best documentary, \"of course\" is the only comment that comes to mind.The extended version or director's cut is worth the time. When I got this film, I called my neighbors and had a Woodstock evening with food, drink, and, well whatever. It was wonderful to be that young, again, and listen to some of our musical heroes.This should be required viewing for every generation in the foreseeable future. Enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My Son is really into \"old school\" music and after visiting Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, he really wanted a movie about Woodstock. I came across this Collector's Edition on Amazon and took a chance. HE LOVES IT! A ticket came inside which he laminated and put up in his dorm. He just loved all the little goodies inside the packaging. The tamborine on top is really sturdy and a nice touch. The footage itself is rich and very well done. The bonus footage includes some of the 'flavor' of the 60's as well. Great gift."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love Woodstock.  I must have seen the movie as a midnight show several times in the 1970's.  I bought this edition because of the promised unreleased footage, including CCR.  It is NOWHERE to be found on the two disc edition I received.  Apparently, there is a third disc containing this in some special editions, but NOT the one I got.  I am still glad I bought it, but cannot recommend it to others for this reason unless you know what you are getting."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow! I saw this movie when it first came out at the theater. Amazing film. So many big performers. This has some extras that are worth watching. Probably the beginning of drug abuse/sexually transmitted diseases in this contry and who knows what else. I still would have liked to have been there. Nothing compares to this event. Not something to sit and watch with your kids unless they are in their late teens. This is where Ten Years After really go their big start. I mean you have Janis Joplin, Hendrix, Crosby, Stills and Nash (who got there beginning here) Richie Havens, Country Joe and the Fish, Santana...the list goes on."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this product for the additional performances not included in the regular director's cut.  It was good to see the performances of CCR and a few others not previously seen.  It made me appreciate the camera work and editing done on the actual movie performances, because the bonus footage was just standard footage and not nearly as interesting from a visual perspective.  I wanted to see the footage of the Grateful Dead and then understood why I hadn't seen it before.  It was a lackluster performance and the lighting was terrible, because the festival producers were not catering to the needs of the film crew.  Based on the extra footage provided I thought the set was way overpriced.  They tried to justify the high cost by including a lot of unnecessary packaging and nicknacks that didn't add much real value.  They even included a little Woodstock tambourine, which is not something I would have paid for.  I would say just buy the director's cut.  Most of the additional performances are available on Youtube."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was thinking of buying this item, but after reading the reviews, and finding out just what is NOT included in it, I said SKIP it!! All the other bands that did not make it to the previous versions are NOT on here. I guess in order to see them you have to have a BLU-RAY player, which I don`t have, and in these tight times, do not plan to get.(In my opinion BLU-RAY is a waste of money, once you get used to it, you would`nt want to go back to standard, so your hooked on it and its higher prices). This is a NOT SO SPECIAL EDITION. How many years will it take before the regular people can have the full version. Maybe I`ll get the 50th anniversary version! PASSSSS!  \"Hey You, Get Off Those Towers\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "it was as good a time capsule of an era as there ever was made, but i just could not handle the switching back and forth between academy standard and widescreen aspect ratios, it was a major distraction for me. what made it worse was that the 1:33 main parts occupied only an ittybitty part of the screen in the middle, why couldn't the DVD's producers have made the 1:33 parts fill more of the screen? a 1.75x magnification would've done the trick without lopping anything off anywhere! a muted paisley virtual \"pleated theatre drapery\" border display would've at least made it seem more like the curtains placed around movie screens in a theatre which would've been a vast improvement over the huge black bars."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Here's me a young adult of 20 years and a listner of heavy metal reviewing this so-called kids film but it had and still has much of an effect on me.  I loved this movie when I was younger and still love it today beacuse the story is just so compelling and magical.  The animation is excellent and the voices also but the story and atmosphere in the movie are just majestic. It's such a great adventure battling eternal questions such as good vs evil and logic vs magic it has great messages for children and adults alike. All should see this movie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This movie is a classic and is done by Rankin and Bass, the same people who gave you &quot;The Last Unicorn&quot; and &quot;The Hobbit&quot;This movie was made a year after i was born, and didn't see it until I was about sixteen i think (memory is the first thing to go, you know)  I first watched it when it was on the Disney Channel (I'm not kidding here)  and I taped it.  I still have the tape, but not the Disney Channel.James Earl Jones makes an execellent bad guy named Omodon.  This movie also stars John Ritter from the &quot;Problem Child&quot; movies.If you liked The Hobbit or The Last Unicorn, you'll love this!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A true classic of dragons, fantasy and magic! Together with the animation of the &quot;The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe&quot;, are my all-time favorite animation movies.  As a kid, I would spend endless hours watching it on &quot;betamax&quot; over and over again. Now, watching it on VHS is like taking a ride on a time machine back to my childhood days of dungeons and dragons, knights and wizardy! The story is very exciting with a slight pinch of drama. Children and adults  of all ages will surely love this.  This is not just a so-called cartoon but a very wonderful and beautiful creation of art, fantasy  and magic!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the best movie! I love it, and I just finished watching it. It's exactly like the movie I watched on TV as a kid. It's not edited or anything. The front picture is misleading, if you look at the back of the DVD it's more true to form. It's a great inspiration to me, I couldn't be happier with the film. I bought one for twenty four dollars and it was hard to find. This is more organized, and classically done. I wish I had this one instead, but I bought this because my family loves this film. Espcially my brother, and now we both have one this is the best."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is deep, serious fantasy stuff, not messing around or tarnishing the image of the dragon. It has a strong story, fantastic villains, and even a deep philosophy behind the story. Plus, it doesn't get graphic with the  violence, so the whole family can watch it. It also has a fantastic theme  song. You just have to hear it! It will make you cry, and you will be  singing it for days. As much as I enjoyed Willow, I believe that this is  the perfect fantasy movie. Forget Dragonheart, and what I've read about  Dragonslayer makes it sound unsuitable for kids. If you're touchy about  things like drunken behavior, then keep the really young kids away.  Otherwise, enjoy this fantastic movie. Watch for Sir Orin Neville-Smythe's  prayer. It has to be one of the best monologues in any movie ever. If you  like this movie, I also recommend The Last Unicorn."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been looking for this movie for years and years and could not remember details about it nor the name of it. Found it and WOW it's great. The book is awesome too, however the book is a mock text book about dragons and how they function, live, fly, etc, where as the movie is the story of the guy who wrote the book and how he met dragons, learned about them, and gained the knowledge to write the book. Lets not forget to mention James Earl Jones is a voice in the film. ;)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Viva Las Vegas was a great purchase, and I'm so happy to have it in my collection. What makes it fun is seeing Vegas back in the day -- I could just imagine Frank, Sammy and Peter Lawford lurking in the background!If you're an Elvis fan, you already know how great this musical is. If you are not familiar with The King's movies, this one would be a great place to start. The fact that Ann Margaret's dance numbers in Viva Las Vegas have been so frequently immitated speaks for itself.Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I SAW THIS MOVIE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 1964 WHILE I WAS IN THE SERVICETHEN SAW IT ON OCCASION ON CABLE...........AND I BELIEVE I RENTED THE OLD DVD ONCE OR TWICE...........WELL WATCHING THE BLU RAY RELEASE OF THIS MOVIE IS LIKE SEEING IT FOR THE FIRST TIME.........THE COLOR ,SHARPNESS,(1080p) AND THE ADDITION OF DOLBY TRUE 5.1.......IN THIS RELEASE IS MIND BLOWING.........THERE IS THE ORIGINAL TRAILER AS WELL AS OTHER EXTRAS SUCH AS A RUNNING COMMENTARY BY A VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE COMMENTATOR.......THE SURROUND IN THE CAR RACE IS UNREAL......I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS THE SAME MOVIE THAT I SAW WAY BACK WHEN.......AND ELVIS AND ANN...........LOOK OUTSTANDING..............BUY THIS BLU RAY......YOU WILL TRUELY ENJOY IT.........REMEMBER WHAT I SAID YOU HAVENT SEEN THIS MOVIE TILL YOUVE SEEN THE BLU RAY RELEASE.........YOU WILL THANK ME.........."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First off to answer the important questions.YES, its a great remaster job by Warners...the film looks sparkling!NO, Ann-Margret for some crazy reason isn't interviewed in the 20 minute featurette about KINGDOM Elvis in Las Vegas.  Who knows why...maybe she wanted more than they would pay or was touring during the production window but its a bad blow to the package...still for its price its a great value. I should ad that I have an IMPORT 2 DVD set of the movie TOMMY and she is all over that one with interviews etc...you would think she'd be proud to be on this?the 24 Page book that comes with it is nice added value as well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love Storefront Hitchcock. However the DVD was released in Standard format only (full screen) which is way lame.And Hitchcock performed many other songs that were filmed that could've easily been included here. the Soundtrack CD contains a bunch of songs not in the film (and the Soundtrack Vinyl LP contains a few more).It's nice that Demme would make this film but why is it SOOO brief?I mean his Talking Heads film Stop Making Sense is nearly two hours in length.Come on, 77 Minutes?!?It's shame that it took so long to be released on DVD/VHS to begin with but why itwas given such a half baked-release is beyond me.Hitchcock deserves much better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Raised 3 kids, thought I knew most of the techniques for ssothing babies, helping them through rough days (colic, teething, fussy times). But this video brings NEW research and tips to make life easier for parents of new babies...and if you're an aunt or grandparent, you'll learn something new too. SOme of the suggestions are simply amazing, making specific sounds gently into the baby's ears and seeing an instant, peaceful transformation.Many of these suggestions come from looking at life from the baby's perspective and, in retrospect, seem like common sense (but not as easy as it sounds, otherwise there'd be no need for this video). Well worth your viewing time and could bring relief to many an exhausted parent (and baby)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a Childbirth Educator and a Lactation Counselor and I run a postpartum support group in my area.  I bought this DVD for my support group moms to view because a couple of them had extremely fussy babies.  [I used this method with my own baby 5 years ago and remembered it working like Magic!].  Every mom that has borrowed this DVD has said those exact words &#34;It worked like Magic!&#34;.  This DVD is a SERIOUS SANITY SAVER for new parents.  Well worth the money and the time to watch!  I wish we could give copies to every new parent before they leave the maternity ward!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My husband and I were skeptical.  I bought this DVD on a whim and it stayed in its wrapper for 2 weeks before we watched it.  Our baby fussed for 2 hours at night, fighting sleep, but obviously exhausted, well fed, and wearing a clean diaper.  My daughter fussed while we watched the video and we calmed her right there as we watched the techniques.  We can get her to sleep in less than 5 minutes, rather than try to calm her fussing for over an hour, like we had done before.It really works!  We are now the Happiest Parents on the Block!  Our baby is calm and well rested.  We are less stressed.  We are giving it to all our pregnant friends as part of their baby gifts."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought several meditation CD's from Amazon but \"Goodbye Worries\" is by far the best.There are 4 different sessions on this CD, so it is kind of like getting 4 for the price of 1.  One of the other CD's I bought claimed to be a \"half-hour of peace\" but when you take away the introduction and the music at the end, it was only 15 minutes.There are currently 30 reviews for this posted and all of them give it 5 stars.  This is the best $10  I have ever spent.  Buy this CD.  You will not regret it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A classic of jazz, the studio work of these 2 giants together in this mid to late 1950's period put forth some of the greatest sounding music ever layed down.Hawkinks the master,Webster,the sweet soul bluesman on these tracks are an amazing display of blues,and jazz with the great Oscar Peterson on piano.There are a whole slew of recordings done in this 1950's era for Verve comprising a similiar lineup of these stellar musicians and many are on the Veve master-editions issue...not to be missed for those exploring are the Genius of Coleman Hawkins,Ben Webster and Associates,Ben Webster meets Oscar Peterson,Ben Webster's Soulville..these releases were all repackaged with liner notes and given great treatment..All of these \"senior\" masters were given their due late on in their careers but the greatness of their youth is revisited on this and the other fine releases."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Some might say (including historians, musical producers and liner notes writers) that Hawkins was much better than Webster, that only Young could equall his power with his unique approach. Even if this is true, the level at which Hawk and Webster play is so high that I see the meeting of two true giants.Impecable rhythm section led by great Oscar Peterson always helps at these Verve style encounters and I feel that both tenor plays made the best of it. Whether it is gentle ballads, blowing the blues or harmonizing in rhythm, this CD should satisfy not only swing and mainstream fans but also modern jazz fans: mainstream by definition leans somewhat towards modern jazz and Hawk and Peterson particularly well blend the best of both worlds (as they did throught their careers; Hawkins even before modern jazz was born).A classic."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is not 100% guaranteed, but the recording is relaxing enough to make sleep a real possibility. Be warned: The Delta Sleep System is NOT designed for a room-sized music system; in fact it can be downright irritating coming through big speakers. It works best with a headset on personal players like ipods and mp3 players. (Yes, you can fall asleep wearing headphones - if you use the in-the-ear buds instead of the monster head sets.) My biggest gripe is that the recording has an abrupt break in the middle - like the company is still making vinyls with only 30 minutes per side, not cds. Wish they'd made it a single, seamless recording. If I'm not fully in the zone, that break is especially annoying."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you want to watch Scooby Doo with your children, try \"Scooby-Doo and the Alien Invaders\", \"Scooby-Doo and the Monster of Mexico\", \"Scooby-Doo and the Loch Ness Monster\", \"Scooby-Doo and the Cyber Chase\" or \"Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School\".This is far too dark, and scary, for most young children, or even older children.I adore this movie now that I am a teenager, though. It's great for older Scooby Doo fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've always adored \" Scooby Doo\" since i was 8 and this movie was a excellent comeback for him, i saw this on Cartoon Network and thought it was great.It's the story of Scooby, Shaggy and friends who take a vacation in a southern made Island to investagate a strange going on, now they discovered that the Island is cursed by dark forces including the undead, will they make it out alive or end up as bait for the darkness?Very entertaining and thrilling Scooby flick inspired by the old 40's voodoo flicks and Lucio Fulci Italian horror flicks, this is a must see for fans of Scooby or Zombie lovers.Similar movies recommended: Lucio Fulci's Zombie, City of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, Cat People, An American Werewolf in London, Day of the Dead, Lucio Fulci's The Beyond, Evil Dead, Evil Dead II, Return of the Living Dead, Let Sleeping Corpses Lie and Creepshow."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One of my favorite Scooby-Doo movies that I like to repeat view (again and again).A Pup Named Scooby-Doo ended in 1991. The forgettable Arabian Nights movie appeared in 1993. The live action theatrical release Scooby Doo and new series What's New Scooby-Doo? would not brighten our days til 2002. Thank goodness Warner Brothers took pity on us Scooby fans and released Zombie Island in 1998!Adrienne Barbeau and Mark Hamill lend their voice talents to this excellent release. I like that they made the monsters real this time. This is an excellent first release for a new generation of fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This feature length adventure has Scooby, Shaggy, Daphne, Freddie, and Velma investigating a haunted isle deep in a Louisiana bayou.  Laughs and Scares in equal measure as the Mystery Inc. crew finally come across ghosts who aren't just crooks in masks!Scooby and Shaggy get their fill of Cajun cooking and of course there are the required chase scenes.  But it's not just zombies the gang has to worry about...A fun Scooby Doo adventure that's a great addition to any fan's home video collection(Warning: this might be a little too intense for really young children so parents who are concerend about such things ought to view this film first)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to admit that I have always had a soft spot for the Powerpuff Girls.  I find the frequently tongue-in-cheek humour to be very witty and like most good cartoons are, this one is thoroughly entertaining for both kids and adults alike.  My favourite Cartoon Network character is actually Dexter's Lab but until they release that on DVD I guess this will have to do as second best.  This DVD has been very well thought out and designed and contains good bonus features as well as 10 great episodes.  Highly recommended for a good laugh!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If I didn't have a four year old daughter, I'd still watch the PowerPuff Girls. Bubbles, Blossom, and Buttercup are the heros for the new millenium. Although Miss Bellum is my favorite character (hubba hubba), I love everyone on this show and can relate to them. You know when you really watch these episodes you can see all the adult inuendos.The Mayor is an idiotic bumbling buffoon that depends on a woman to get things done (can anyone say Clinton?)The evil monkey MoJo JoJo reminds me of an idiotic power hungry Saddam Hussain.That crazy June Cleaver housewife next door neighbor who likes to wear S&M; Leather outfits in disguise (yeah she can move next to me)The Gang Green Gang? You figure it out.Go Girls! PowerPuff!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Dame Joan obviously could not be compared to her prime at her farewell performance. However, that was a very good decision to say farewell to all her fans in this glorious and very seldom performed opera.She still had a very good stage presence and did not have to \"die or go mad \" at the end.The final farewell scene was impressive, I don't think any opera singer ever had such a sumptious farewell occasion. It showed how her fans loved her and would missed her.That was in sharp contrast to how Pavarotti bid farewell to her fans in New York.Both occsions would be well talked about and remembered.I wished they have taped the OONY concert performance of the same opera at Carnegie Hall last year.That was a memorable performance."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, as everyone else says this is not the quaint fairy tale that Dvorak envisioned (and it is sung in sometimes garbled English), but it is an original and terribly moving evocation of a similar story--an unusual, different sort of being (a wood nymph in the original, here a young adolescent) who longs for a perfect, \"normal\" relationship and is left tragically betrayed and alone, if loved very briefly.  The staging is starkly modern and at the same time Victorian (it makes Robert Carsen's Paris production with Fleming look very derivative); the singing is always heartfelt and impressive, although Rusalka (Hannan) has a few weak moments especially in act 2.  The orchestral sound is generally good although the winds are at times strangely wobbly.  But the final effect of this version of a quintessential romantic score is a revelation of deep human meaning that most traditional productions have not touched (including the Met one).  Beautifully filmed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is for all of us who grew up in the 60s-70s era & yearn for the \"good old days\". This was when the Love Generation was in full flower, pun intended. It is a faithful rendition of that period. The best moment in the whole thing is watching Cass Elliot being blown away by Janis sitting in the first row & wowing a no-holds-barred blues classic. No one had really known of this small town Texas woman who was a one-off original & who was larger than life, & created her own Rock Opera on stage & off."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One of the best documents of the sixties and the music that affected people and society. D.A. Pennebaker who also directed Dylan's Don't Look Back and later The Rolling Stones Altamount Concert Gimme Shelter has crafted another winner. Highlights include The Who smashing their guitars, Eric Burdon and his new version of the Animals, Janice Joplin, Otis Redding and of course Jimi Hendrix with covers of Wild Thing and Dylan's Like A Rolling Stone among his heart pounded numbers. But the scene where Jimi &quot;sacrifices&quot; his guitar is the most unforgettable image left on the viewers consciousness, simply mesmerizing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The historical significance of this video is when Jimi arrived at Monterey  he was an unknown and before the concert Black artists in Rock music besides Arthur Lee of Love were big at that time in the &quot;Soul&quot; catagory only.  Hendrix understandably  nervous came thru big time and broke all stereotypes.  Monterey is clearly his best concert video for entertainment purposes with Jimi playing behind his head, the burning antics at the end, his funny comments between songs and the audience reaction to seeing him for the first time.  Also included in this film is some good background information on the Monterey Pop Festival by John Phillips.  If you're looking though for straight guitar playing, Jimi is better at &quot;Berkeley&quot;."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Performance is HISTORIC and LEGENDARY, but... where's the DVD? I have this entire show on CD and it's one of my most widely listened to records. The Performance / Artistry goes without saying. This (Other than Live At Woodstock - which i'm still waiting for the complete Hendrix Woodstock perormance on DVD, not the crappy edited version which leaves out half the songs - other than Woodstock this is Hendrix at his film/recorded BEST. I'm gonna buy this tape right now cause' i've been wating for the DVD for 4 years and it still aint' been released."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film is the kind of film that best documents Jimi during the 60s era, along with him at Woodstock. Rare footage of Jimi at the Picadilly Circus in England gives this film, to me, great value. The introductionof the  show, started by Bill Grahmn, introducing Brian Jones, introducing the Jimi  Hendrix Experience-is unpresented. The entire set was filmed at good  angles, instead of just closeups and jerky movements. Even Jimi's stage  comments were filmed, completely. Even when &quot;Wild Thing&quot; was  played, different angles, in comparison to &quot;Monterey Pop&quot; were  viewed. You just have to buy and see this film, to see and hear those  details and highlights. Like I said, highly unpresedented. A definite  collector's item as well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This concert is one of the greatest of all time. The performance of Alice, his band, and the whole \"Nightmare\" concept is absolutely ahead of it's time, and still holds up today. Alice set the standard in theatrical rock. Sure, he was a little drunk, but so what? He still put on one hell of a show- this is pure sick and twisted theater.  Accept no substitutes. This production and concept changed the face of live rock and roll performance. So many bands and performers have copied, and been directly influenced by Alice Cooper. Even U2 used his \"movie screen\" idea in one of their stage shows.The whole \"Welcome To My Nightmare\" album is performed, along side original Cooper band classics, like \"I'm Eighteen\", and \"Billion Dollar Babies\". Recommended!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What a disappointment. This was released as a concert movie back in the seventies, and the sound is worse than any theater you could imagine. The film is grainy, and the extras negligible. Rhino should do us a real service and find either a master negative for a reissue, or get the rights to the ABC special that aired right when the album &quot;Welcome To My Nightmare&quot; was released. It was a long form video years before MTV. Unless you're a diehard Alice Fanatic, take a pass and move to the better &quot;Brutally Live.&quot;"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the best Darin DVD available - Bobby died several months after this performance.  This incredible DVD showcases better than any - and better than many of his CDs- the range of talent this man embodied.  From \"Beyond the Sea\" to \"Midnight Special,\" you get 200 percent of everything Bobby had to give. His energy in this performance is incredible, almost as if he knew it was his final. What's more, this performance had not been thoroughly rehearsed, Bobby had his oxygen sitting backstage to take hits from between songs, and if you watch closely, you'll see him working to get blood circulating through his hands. This is Bobby Darin at his cumulative best and shows what he could do with a song that no other vocalist can do."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having had the absolute pleasure of attending many of Bobby Darin's performances in person, as well as, being in posession of MANY of his LP's/CD's, he has proven over, and over again, to be the consummate all-around entertainer/actor/singer/musician.  Although I have been a fan of Sinatra and Sammy Davis,Jr. for many years..NONE could surpass his magnifcent artistry.  He just absolutely ran \"circles\" around EVERY great performer who has ever lived.  His untimely death on Decemmber 20, 1973 was an absolute loss to the entertainment industry....\"bar none.\"  That date will be forever etched in my heart and soul, as well as, in my mind.  Personally...that was the day \"the music died.\"  Never, in the future, will there ever be an all-around performer that could EVER come close to this phenomenal TALENT!!!!!!!  May GOD BLESS YOU, Bobby."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Just when you thought it was safe to finally put away those blue suede shoes, along comes yet another piece of Presley paraphernalia, the time on DVD. Actually, this is a superb collection of rare, early recordings and never-before-seen black-and-white and color footage that proves just why we still love him tender. Narrated by Levon Helm of the band, the DVD time travels back to the year when-rock-and roll was still in its infancy and a young man hip-swiveling Southern boy was about to Make It Big. Even after all these years, the King's infamous appearance on Ed Sullivan's show still hounds us with delight."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bernadette Peters remains one of the most striking performers on the musical stage, with a palpable presence reaching for miles. This concert features some of her old gems (&quot;Unexpected Song&quot; &quot;Raining in  My Heart&quot; &quot;Time Heals Everything&quot;), a wonderful selection of  Sondheim songs, a radiant joy, and a self-assured sense of humor (Too bad  &quot;making love alone&quot; wasn't on the video). &quot;Hello Little  Girl&quot; is perhaps the only weak moment in the show for my tastes, but  cannot even begin to dampen my enthusiasm for Ms. Peters's delightful  abilities."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Frankly I'm at a loss why some previous commentators have come down so harshly on this performance.  There are very few really good videos of Gilbert and Sullivan available on video and this is one of those.  The staging is imaginative, the production, acting, singing and dancing are all excellent and great fun (Maureen Forrester is wonderful as the Queen of the Faeries!)  I encourage anyone who enjoys G&S; to see this.For my money, here are the really good videos of G&S; to watch:1. Mikado (Stratford)2. Iolanthe (Stratford)3. HMS Pinafore (D'Oyly Carte) (truncated & hard to find but worth it)4. Pirates of Penzance (Australian Opera)all other videos are a mixed bag and of varying quality (avoid the Eric Idle performance of Mikado at all costs)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you want to sing and dance with Barney, well...this is the one for you. It's a marvelous video, and when we put the film on for our two year old twin girls, they know just about everything that's on it.  From \"Down on Grampa's Farm,\" to \"Mr. Sun,\" to \"Me and My Teddy,\" to the dancing of \"Baby Hop Bop,\" it's a wonderful adventure.  And to see Barney dance around- it's incredible to think he's so animated, but that's what the secret of this Barney character is.  Just for kids, and this video has the new and the older children who are re-united in all their glory and memories.  It's a great video, and highly recommended!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you ever wonder how a 60 year old soul/pop/rock star can still draw the attention of 150000 fans, then buy this dvd.  Tina is pure showwomanship pouring energy and sympathy over a raving dutch crowd. The director keeps  our attention focused on the whole setting and leaves us wanting for more.  The Greatest Hits format of the concert is wonderful and the sound quality  is great!  Also note the lip synch that the stage screen and live Tina  accomplish in River Deep, Mountain High and the coreography involved in the  Goldeneye number. Great dvd, BUY IT!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Tina Turner DVD is in DTS and it sounds wonderful. The image isn't bad either, but it looks a little soft--almost like it was filmed instead of taped. The concert was recorded in Amsterdam, so maybe there were some PAL  to NTSL conversion issues. Or maybe the producers just wanted a softer  look.This is a high energy DVD. You almost get out of breath just  watching it. Most of the songs are up tempo and have lots of energy. Lights  flash, scenes change rapidly. It's very effective. I found myself squinting  from time to time when a bright light was shown on my monitor."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I read the reviews on Amazon.com and bought it (DVD) on the strength of the ratings. It is, without dispute, the best concert I have ever seen. We have a 63&quot; big screen and a full digital pro-logic system. I felt like  I was there! &quot;Missing You&quot;, on the DVD is spellbinding as are  most songs. The musicians are extreme professionals and the dancers did not  miss a beat. If you can only have ONE concert DVD, this is the one to have!  It is crisp, flawless and breathtaking. I thought I knew her music, now I  don't know if she could beat this one. It's like Michael Jackson's  &quot;Thriller&quot;...one of a kind, never repeated in it's intensity. Get  it!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to agree with the earlier reviewer that mentioned the bad sound recording on this DVD.  The visuals, of course, are as wonderfully Tina as expected.  I don't understand how and why the sound is so &quot;strange.&quot;  ... even though their are two versions (of the sound) from which to choose.  I'm not sorry that I purchased it, however.  This is my favorite Tina Turner concert.  The selection of material is perfection and the energy comes across like a volcano erupting.  I love Tina more than ever, and look forward to her next DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a big Tina Turner fan who personally thinks she sounds better on record, than live.  This concert is enjoyable, but after awhile her voice is annoying because she tends to scream.  Tina has a good voice, but not great, in my opinion.  Her studio recordings have always sounded better probably because she can do them again and again until she gets them perfect. Concerts don't allow such luxuries.This DVD is available in a 5.1 surround sound version, or DTS version.  I have the 5.1 surround DVD and it is more than adequate.  I have to ask why the concert wasn't filmed in widescreen to give the viewer more of a feel for the concert.The DVD also includes a lengthy interview with Tina where she discusses each track of the then new album &quot;Wildest Dreams&quot;.  The interview, while promotional based, is very enjoyable and contains video excerpts for each album track."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "From his wit, warmth, and brilliantly precise and accurate use of language, to a band that cannot be topped, as a whole or as individual players, this is a transcendent performance.  His voice is gorgeous, his use of words sharp and equisite, so apt no other words could do, and his demeanor joyful and welcoming.And that's the singing part of it.As great and seriously fun are his thematic interludes and poems.Stellar all around.Difficult to find, prices at premium, yet worth every penny, dime, and dollar."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm watching this right now on the \"Gospel Music Channel\" - Al and his band sound great... and he is (or was) utterly & completely full of crap. The music reminds one of what true talent is - REAL, skilled musicians & singers, as opposed to manufactured \"stars.\" Unfortunately, the interview footage reveals Rev. Al to be as hypocritical and in denial as many other evangelical preachers. The dichotomy between sex and God that engulfed his life, as well as others such as Sam Cooke and Marvin Gaye, leads him to actually question whether or not the \"grits & suicide\" incident even took place... ultimately, this film leads me to see him as a talented, and VERY troubled man."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a review of Gloria's 1996 \"Evolution Tour\" Concert DVD. This was the final show of that tour, and it was filmed/recorded in Gloria's hometown of Miami, in the Miami Arena. The DVD I have is a one disc, with 2 active sides.The songs are as follows:Side 1:1.Program Start2.Intro-Instrumental3.Conga4.Live for Loving You5.Get on Your Feet6.Anything for You7.Don't Want to lose you now8.Destiny9.Here We Are10.Rhythm is Gonna Get You (Super Outstanding!!!!)11.Oye Mi Canto (Hear My Voice)12.Steal Your Heart13.Along came you (a Song for Emily - Gloria's daughter)14.Mi Terra15.Con Los Anos Que Me QuedanSide 2:1.Everlasting Love2.Cuts both ways3.I see your smile4.Words get in the way5.Can't stay away from you6.Always tomorrow7.Coming Out of the Dark8.Abriendo Puertas (Opening doors)9.You'll be mine (Party time)10.Turn The Beat Around (AWESOME!!!!!)11.Mega Mix:A.Dr.BeatB.CongaC.Rhythm is gonna get youD.1-2-3E.Get on Your Feet12.Higher13.Tres Deseos (3 wishes)14.ReachThanks, and I hope this information is helpful."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "How can someone who hasn't released any commercially successful material in the last six years be the King? Watch this video and you'll find out!This is packed with some of Michael's most ambitious video's and live performances.Video listing:1. Bille Jean (Motown 25: yesterday, Today and Forever)2. Beat It 3. Liberian Girl (very rare)4. Smooth Criminal (one of his finest and higly overlooked videos)5. 1995 MTV Video Music Awards Performance (Killer 15 minute Jackson performance!)6. Thriller7. Scream (duet with sister Janet and an amazing visual effect video!) 8. Childhood9. You Are Not Alone (Video for the first song ever to debut at No.1 on the Billboard #100)10. Earth Song (Beautiful video!)11. They Don't Care About Us (Highly contorvercial song and video from 1996)12. Stranger In Moscow (rare)13. Bllod On The Dance Floor (rare in North America)14. Brace YourselfGet this DVD 'cause these are some fine pieces of work from the greatest entertainer of the last twenty years!Five out of five"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this DVD for my Grandson who is 6 because he likes MJ's stage moves and energy. I don't mind him watching talented entertainers like MJ and i will not expose him to untalented phoney so called performers of the day in which unfortunatley there are too many. If you can't sing and you must talk in time to the same base beat don't call it singing please. I have heard too many singing live on TV that were off key and flat and just awful or use a voice synthesiser aid to help them cover up their lack of talent. Thank God for real talent like Elvis and Michael Jackson we can see entertainment at its best. There are some duds on this DVD but when MJ is on he is really on and all other entertainers of today pale in comparison. Elvis, Michael rest in peace knowing there are no others like you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was awesome! I purchased this and my whole family and I enjoy watching it over and over. It is priceless entertainment for our family. I am glad that I purchased this collection. I also purchased the Dangerous short films, Video history one, and the Michael Jackson Dangerous concert.. All are awesome and make a great collections. I would like to see a dvd with all of MJ's videos on one dvd instead of several here and there. For instant man in the mirror is on the number one's dvd.. I would have liked to have seen that on one of these collections. With that said, theses are still great to have. I don't know if I will purchase the number one's dvd. I think you will enjoy all the ones that I have mentioned. Get ready to be entertained."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Michael Jackson is a Musical Genius&He has Changed the Landscape of Popular Music twice.  He opened so many doors to so many Acts that this Man can never fully ever be compensated for his overall Impact.  His Videos are the Reason for the \"M\" that goes into MTV&any other video channel period. MJ always Brought the Spectacular to the Screen. for My Money He was the Last Great Act to Appear at the Super Bowl&there isn't anything on the Horizon that is gonna Touch His Magnitude. the many forms of Creativity that the Genus of Michael Jackson displays is Incredible.  this Soul Brother Should be Treated as American Royality Period. He is a Civi Rights Leader to me. His Videos touched so Many Lives the World over&beyond. 8-88 Everybody Knows this Man. the Power of His Music, the Power of His Vision, the Power of Pressence. Everybody that comes after Him, eats at his Musical Table&off His Musical Plate&overall Stylings. Props always to the King of POP!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow! After watching all of MJ DVDs, I now know why Michael is the greatest entertainer who ever lived or will ever live. No one even comes close to his level of artistry. And each of these videos is a masterpeice. Childhood, Stranger in Moscow, Smooth Criminal and Earth Song are just astounding. You can watch them again and again and never get tired of them...they're candy for your eyes. You just don't see many vidoes on this caliber. And the MTV video music award performance is unparalleled. Would highly recommend this!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was the very first video I saw by Ozzy Osbourne.  I really liked it from the start, but it seems to get better and better every time I watch it.  This video shows Ozzy and his band performing in a few different shows.  I think it's interesting to see more than one concert.  The songs are great, the ones that were chosen are the very best from his career.  The band performs well and Ozzy's voice is excellent.  There is also Ozzy performing Black Sabbath with the original members from that band.  It's neat to see them all together again.  This is one of my very favorite videos, regardless of type.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Until a DVD is released with footage from the Randy Rhodes era I could care less about ANYTHING else that's released on OZZY. There may be a good song here and there (& not to bash Zack, Jake E. & whoever else) but to me Ozzy without Randy is irrelevant. This, of course, excludes Sabbath. I have a VHS of the \"After Hours show\", excellent video but only mono sound, so I would LOVE a professional 5.1 or 6.1 release of it. I also have several bootleg concert VHSs and in at least one of them (Japan - Budokan I think) professional cameras can be seen. So the footage is out there.Ozzy...what's the problem??"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This supposed concert video is nothing but a collection of nonsense pre-concert, backstage, and audience garbage video. It shows 2 second clips of actual \"live\" band footage intermixxed with camera shots bouncing all over the place. A real concert video is just that, a live video of a band on stage playing their songs. Thank GOD I bought a cheap VHS version. I never even watched the whole thing. If you want to see a real show check out Iron Maiden's Rock In Rio or Primal Fear's The History Of Fear. This crap wouldn't be worth watching if it was sent to you for free!!!! I can't imagine Ozzy ever saw this and approved its release."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Being in America, seeing OASIS {The best band in the world} live is a rare treat.  However after I bought this one, I can see them live whenever I want.  This is rock and roll at its best, and Oasis know how to put on a show. This DVD does not have any special features on it.  That is its only flaw. I wish FAMILURE TO MILLIONS would come to DVD cos, I want to hear the new songs and see it LIVE.. OASIS RULES&gt;&gt; I LOVE OASIS"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This release was taken from their two shows at Earl's Court and Maine Rd in England.Kicking off with the jam fest that is known as &quot;The Swamp Song&quot; and then smoothly gliding into the duet &quot;Acquiesce&quot;, this is a good indication that the boys know how to rock.There isn't a sour note to be found here especially when Noel sits down on his stool for another rendition of &quot;The Masterplan&quot; or his otherworldly guitar solo in &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot;.It was a bit odd to see Oasis perform &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot; with a Beatles look-a-like, tribute band. Tongues firmly planted in cheeks?The one thing that keeps this video from being consistent are the interview bits they throw in between songs. I have to fast forward through them. Sorry guys.This is a better concert video than the previously released &quot;Live By the Sea&quot; as it shows Oasis at the height of their popularity, on bigger stages, in front of larger crowds, giving their all. Outstanding."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you're a huge Aerosmith fan or like learning about great rock bands then I highly recommend this DVD!  Aerosmith is my favorite band of all time.  This DVD has 2 sides.  I loved learning about how much time goes into making an album and how they come up with songs.  I'll definitely be buying other Aerosmith DVD's and learning more about them since they haven't been on Vh1's Behind The Music in forever.  I highly recommend buying this.  It's definitely worth your time and money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This captures Mary Chapin Carpenter at her best. In beautiful surroundings, MCC is relaxed and loose, laughing and telling stories and interacting with the audience. Watching her perform adds another layer of integrity to her music. There is a good selection of her music and the performance itself is a delight. Interspersed with the music are clips of behind the scenes preparation and interviews with other singers. I think MCC's greatest gift is her ability to connect with those who listen to her; this video makes it all the more evident."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love RATM. I was at the Irvine Meadows concert shown in this video - unfortunately, that one is the worst of the ones shown. It was a great show, but it's just poor quality. Part of that is because it's at night,  but it also seems kind of poor anyway. The other shows are pretty good, but  the video has flaws. The video collection is cool though, although the ones  from the first album are basically just Rage live, they're awesome."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Included on this DVD is footage from two concerts, two appearances on television's \"Austin City Limits.\" I thought this was easily the best of the three Stevie Ray concert tapes (DVDs) I've seen. All of them are good, however.Most of this is from the 1989 concert but I enjoyed the three songs from the '83 concert the most. They seemed to be the most intense and the most impressive. The latter adjective mainly describes his work on \"Voodoo Chile.\" To my knowledge, Vaughan is the only guitarist to successfully imitate the late-and-great Jimi Hendrix. (Although SRV's vocals aren't as good.)After 40-some minutes of rocking blues and rock, there is a change-of-pace and beautifully done jazz instrumental called \"Riviera Paradise.\" Featured on that piece is keyboard player, \"Reese Wynans,\" who does an outstanding job.This is a feel-good, great music and most of it would make for a good aerobic-workout music, too."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you are a big SRV fan you'll  be happy to have this.  Is it top quality?  Does it include as many songs/performances as I'd like? No and No.  However, I am thrilled to have this.  Even before he got clean, SRV just knew how to perform each and every time because the music came from deep within him.  I am so glad he sobered up and was able to help others.  He is an inspiration as a musician and a insightful human being.  Glad he lives on despite leaving us in physical form."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "to me this is one those dvds you just cant get enough of. when you listen to it' you just want to listen to it once again and again thats how it is for me. stevie really shows his stuff on this one. leave my girl alone theres no words to put on here how good that one is. you just listen and watch for your self and find out. the second part to the 1989 videos can be found on the srv box set 2000.i wish they would have put it all on there as well. theres been talk about other dvds to come out soon and well like every other srv fan im still waiting? and then theres the movie talk to caught in the crossfire. now we all know he should have had a movie about his life come out a long time ago. buy this dvd you'll be glad you did. a fan always"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I first discovered Stevie on Austin City Limits. I was just blown away by his playing and singing.  I don't think I have ever viewed such a passionate player - Body and Soul.  There is not one wrong note -- it's complete bliss.  I was lucky enough to see him about four months before he passed, and it was the most fantastic musical experience of my life.  I remember it like it was last week.  He played with everything he had and it was beautiful.  I've been listening to him for years and I never get tired of him."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you are a guitar player, you know what a talent Stevie was.A huge loss to the music and more specifically the guitar world.This was my first DVD pruchase and I love it.If you critique the sound, and are dissapointed with it, you are missing the point. Simply watching Stevie play was enough for me. Makes playing the guitar look easy, which it isn't.The contrasts between the two Austin performances was good, giving us a look at two phases in Stevie (and DT) music career.A &quot;must&quot; purchase for the guitar player, and, a great addition to anyone who can appreciate good blues and rock music.Missin you Stevie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I purchased this DVD for my father. He is a big Stevie Ray fan and had recorded the Austin City Limits \"outtakes\" from these two shows a few years ago. He watches this tape constantly, so I figured that the real show would be quite good too. The set from the first show is great! It is the \"old\" Stevie. Great songs, great sound quality. The second performance isn't as good. The songs were not as recognizable and the sound just wasn't that good. It was quite muffled actually! I'm not sure why the quality dropped off between the two shows but it was pretty distracting. My father and I watched the video together and both commented about how it didn't sound good. Maybe it was just the DVD I got."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The first place I saw footage of this concert was on youtube and let me tell you I was blown away. The allman brothers band perform there best songs. So when I heard there was an official dvd release I was beside myself with excitment, That is until I read the reviews stating that this dvd only shows short segments of these performances intertwined with interviews and all I could think was WHY! why would the people in charge of releasing this do something so completely idiotic. This is a complete tragedy to think that this concert exsist in full on vhs but only in bits and peices on dvd. I can only hope that one day this company will have the common sense to release this in full as it was originally intended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I used to have this on VHS and was ecstatic when the DVD came out.  Although the VHS was itself not the entire show at Great Woods (which is what we really want), nonetheless, what we got was terrific.  But it's just a travesty what happened on the way to the DVD editing room.  It's all chopped up with interviews interrupting the solos, truncated and/or missing songs.  It's so irritating that I will never view it again.  Now, if this show (with Warren, Allen, Dickey, Greg, Marc, Butch and Jaimoe) were re-released without the horrible edits it would be a \"must have\".Until then - avoid it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Great concert - the Allman Brothers at thier best since Duane and Berry passed on. Better than live at The Beacon - that should be a bluray catalog as well - it's plenty new enough.  The problem with this DVD is the interviews as others have stated.  They could have been added as bonus content to select off the menu rather than have them embedded in the the concert itself.  Please re-edit and possibly reissue as a bluray with full concert footage and non embedded \"added\" bonus content. Classic Allman Brothers - Its the right thing to do........."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like a lot of reviewers here, I bought the VHS edition when it first came out...nothing but the highest praise for that version.  There is perhaps no better single video that so superbly documents what these guys do onstage  ( at least not with Dickey Betts in the lineup ).  I was fortunate enought to have stumbled upon the DVD for rent first...which I did, and that was it, for reasons stated so well by everybody else here.  By the way, the VHS tape can be copied to DVD, which I heartily recommend!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film, shot in Texas in June of 1995, features a whole host of talented musicians.  The littany of names is enthralling.  Buddy Guy, B.B. King, Bonnie Raitt, Jimmy Vaughan, Robert Cray and Eric Clapton, who was  nominated for best male rock performance in 1997 at the Grammys for his  performance.  Each musician performs his own incredible piece and the film  also includes each performer's reflections on Stevie and all culminating to  an incredible blues guitar jam with each musician having a solo.  Filled  with beautiful slides, riffs and solos and heartfelt thoughts each artist  pays tribute to Stevie Ray Vaughan in his own way. A befitting tribute to a  once in a life time bluesman."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Released at the advent of the dvd revolution, &#34;James Taylor Live at the Beacon Theatre&#34; still stands as one of the best live dvds available, capturing a master songwriter at the top of his game.Taylor captivates the legendary New York venue for nearly two hours, performing a wide range of classic songs throughout his career, spanning from his earliest records to his then most recent recordings from his 1997 Grammy winning release, &#34;Hourglass.&#34; Classics like &#34;Fire and Rain,&#34; &#34;Handy Man,&#34; and &#34;You've Got a Friend&#34; are sung with the same care and ease that made them classics in their original form, and the new stuff is more than strong enough to hold its own against such longtime favorites.Taylor's voice is as smooth as ever, and his band is fantastic, aided no doubt by the sound and picture quality, which makes you feel like you're right there. &#34;Live at the Beacon Theatre&#34; is a must have dvd for all music fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "James Taylor performs almost two hours worth of songs at a semi-famous theater in New York City in the late '90s.These are mostly great songs, about every hit song he ever had and more, and his voice is in fine form. The only problem I found was that it got monotonous after awhile. Although likable, Taylor is not exactly an animated performer, nor are his shows. After a half dozen or so tunes they all start sounding similar.  Lately, though, I've seen him on other venues like Eric Clapton''s Crossroads Guitar Festival, and Taylor is very animated!  Guess he's getting spry in his old age!Here, though, he isn't.  He just stands there and sings. This is better just played as background music while you are doing something else. In other words, it's better served as a CD rather than a DVD.But it's an excellent concert as Taylor and his band perform beautifully."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "James Taylor is such a brilliant songwriter, singer and performer, and he is one one of the few artists who has remained on top year after year. I am not speaking about the charts and selling the most records, but about performance. Listen (and look) to this excellent performance! All the classic songs are here, some of them sounding even better than on the original recordings. The musicians are in good mood and totally inspired by James and his songs. The perfect DVD when you need inspiration! (...)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "James Taylor and his absolutely KILLER Band tear the roof off of the Beacon Theatre in NYC. Not an easy feat by any stretch of the imagination.  What is even more incredible is the fact that longtime JT drummer Carlos Vega, committed suicide the week before this show was taped. Carlos was an incredible talent and may he rest in peace. JT called on an old friend who was definitely up for the task of learning the 30+ song set. Mr. Steve Jordan does a marvelous job with all of JT's classics as well as his newer material. His band is top notch as well! Buy this DVD, you won't be dissappointed!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I never, I repeat never tire of James Taylor's voice. There's nothing that soothes the nerves like the mellifluous tones from this master. As you can tell, I really love James Taylor's music and have been a fan for years. I  recently attended a concert of his and it was great.Concerning this  disc, the songs are performed to perfection with super audio and video  quality. You really get the sense you're there in the audience. His backup  singers are superb. There's even one number where one backup singer steals  the show!Lyric captioning is provided so you can sing along to his  songs. I wish all music DVDs had on-screen lyrics. My wife and I love to  sing along with our favorite performances. Surprisingly, this feature is  missing from many music DVD titles.If you are a James Taylor fan in the  slightest, you'll want this disc in your collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Mr. Taylor is a troubadour of the ages.  He and the artists he assembled for this production are nothing short of incredible as they hit every note with grace and craftsmanship.  The production quality approaches that of The Eagles \"Hell Freezes Over\" DVD, however, I still feel the Eagles hold the honor of producing the benchmark DVD to measure all other concert DVD videos by.  Nevertheless, this concert is a close second and will captivate any JT fan.  \"Shower the People\" actually brought a tear to my eye, sooo sweet! The sound quality of the DTS is exemplary and the DD 5.1 holds its own.  The camera work is right on the mark and the quality of the video is crystal clear.  Plug this DVD in and experience the Beacon Theater's warm ambiance from the front row and beyond. I've played this DVD dozens of times and look forward to the next."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I first saw JT, at the old McCormick Place in Chicago, back in 1972. His music has been with me ever since.Trying to describe, where James Taylor goes, within your heart and soul, is not an easy task. But I know, in mylifetime, few musicians go, where JT does. Few artists touch a certain part of your soul, in a way that he does. Honesty, complete sincerity, the open road of the free free highway, endless miles of wheatfields and prairies. A friend you can always count on.This concert, is a superb example, of what James Taylor is to all of us.He is a national treasure."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Arguably the better of the two DVD's available for James Taylor, &quot;Live at Beaconsfield&quot; is an impressive showcase of JT's career. It has a high re-watch factor, and both soundtracks (PCM or 5.1) are worth a listen.  If you have a good surround sound system, you will honestly feel like you are there.  It's that good!There are over 20 songs to watch and listen, which make it worth every penny.  A music DVD that is a must in your collection.  Add the impressive picture sharpness, and you have a real winner."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When funding for school music classes were being cut all over the country people kind of brushed it off as a non-necessity.  Studies prooved that many kids prosper in other academic subjects when taking a music class.  Art should be available for all kids in school as well as sports.  This benefit concert brought awareness to that.  Mariah, Celine, Gloria & Shania all appeard to support the cause.  And of course Ms. Aretha Franklin.  The performnaces were great.  Carol King was brought out as a special guest of Celine Dion.  The best part of the show was when the diva's sang You've Got A Friend and Natural Woman.  This show sounds even better with the 5.1 sound."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Celine Dion is definitely the biggest highlight from the first ever Divas Live. Her solo performances of River Deep, Mountain High and My Heart Will Go On are impeccable. Everyone agrees that her My Heart Will Go On performance on this show is one of her best and most memorable yet. She also does The Reason with Carole King. Shania Twain performing Man!I Feel Like A Woman! and You're Still The One also contributes to making this show better than it would have been with incredibly mediocre Gloria Estefan, incredibly annoying Mariah Carey, and incredibly over hyped Aretha Franklin. MARIAH CAREY IS NOT A GREAT SINGER!!!!!!!!It was awesome to see Celine rightfully upstage Aretha in the finale. Classic. Aretha may be the Queen Of Soul(ick) but Celine Dion is the Queen of ALL singers! The Canadians rule the day here, folks!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've been a fan of Gloria Estefan for years and have purchased and enjoyed many of her audio CDs.  This is the first DVD I have purchased and it is truly disappointing.  The music was wonderful, but the productions were terrible.  To me it took on the look of one big strobe light!  There were so many flashing lights in the backgrounds, foregrounds, above, below, from helicopters that most of the images were washed out and appeared overexposed and ghost-like.  Certainly not flattering to someone as attractive as Gloria.  Too bad, but this one is going to be discarded.  If you're over the age of 15 and appreciate good entertainment, then you're wasting your time with this DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This DVD is absolutely incredible and possesses one of the best images I've seen on a music DVD so far. The musical content is magical as Gloria Estefan takes us through her journey as a dance diva with 12 of her  greatest and latest videos including &quot;Oye&quot; &quot;Heavens what I  feel&quot; &quot;Don't Stop&quot; &quot;Turn the beat around&quot;  &quot;You'll be Mine (Party time)&quot; &quot;I'm not giving you up&quot;  &quot;Higher&quot; &quot;Everlasting Love&quot; all ranging from the years  94 - 98, 5 of these videos are taken from her already multi platinum  release &quot;gloria!&quot;. It also takes us behind the scenes of her  recent promotional tour of the album with a look at rehearsals for such  shows as VH1 diva's live and The world music awards. The DVD has also been  nominated for a Grammy for best long form music video at this years (2000)  ceremony. A must have and worthy addition to your DVD collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an intimate look at Pearl Jam rehearsing and recording they're incredible &quot;Yield&quot; album.  The DVD does not contain chapters or extras, which I'll admit is kind of a drag.  You have to start it at the  beginning and just watch it.  But upon watching it, you find Pearl Jam  lightening up and making music with smiles on their faces as they perform.  It's a great film which inspires me, as a musician, to play and write  better and love what I do."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow, this performance by Alice In Chains blew me away.  It was their first live show in almost 3 years and while watching the DVD you can just tell that they really did love performing.  Layne Staley was one of the greatest vocalists of all time, when he sings you can feel the emotion.  Jerry is an amazing and underated guitar player, he has a beautiful voice as well.  This show is a little sad though, the atmosphere on most of the unplugged shows are very moody.  This DVD rocks and AIC set a standard for modern rock/alternative.  My favorites are \"Heaven Beside You\" and the unreleased song \"The Killer Is Me\"... it has an amazing chorus and guitar riff.  If you like AIC, this is highly recomended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Since I became a fan of Alice in Chains shortly AFTER Layne had died I was pretty much screwed in hearing or even seeing him perform. But after I spotted this sweet DVD hiding in a music store I just couldn't resist buying this to see Alice in Chains acoustic. Oh sure it might not have any power but by making there songs acoustic I could feel the powerful emotions running from this concert. Starting from Nutshell all the way to Killer is Me. There were some songs that were great but the way I see it is the exceptional ones are Brother, Would, Rooster, Sludge Factory and Frogs. Especially Would? because when I saw and heard this song I was remembering how strong he used to be and I saw him struggling...Overall this CD is AWESOME"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I do not need to even get into details.  This DVD performance is so important to the Alice in Chains legacy.  Also, it is perhaps the most meanful MTV Unplugged release of them all.  Layne is at his tormented best, so deep in pain, you get chills just hearing him sing.  Oh so sad, but yet he makes it sound so sweet and beautiful.  Jerry is just equal to Layne, never adding too much nor taking much away.  Layne and Jerry I think are the last great dou to emerge from the whole 90's rock explosion.  Get this DVD, all you need to do is love music, not even be a fan of AIC's, just love music.  Put this DVD in your player, push play, then close your eyes.  Let me know how you feel afterwards."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "We even don't have to discuss the picture or sound quality of this DVD at all. ( If you must know the quality of the picture is poor, after all it was filmed in the 1980s, but the sound quality is excellent)This is Maestro Karajan's only appearance on Wiener Philarmoniker's New Year's Concert so it's worth having it for any Classical music fans. The Maestro was in the twilight of his life so you should not expect an energetic Karajan on the stage,but the great conductor was fully devoted to the music of his native Austria. The Soprano version of the Waltz Sound of Spring was the highlight...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you like music of the Strauss family, this is a superb concert with great sound from 1987. The concert lasts about 90 minutes, with very few  interruptions between pieces. The camera is mostly on the orchestra and  conductor (who looks like he is on his last legs) and the playing is  incredibly beautiful.  Kathleen Battle is on stage for the &quot;Voices of  Spring&quot; waltz and has a perfect coloratura for the part.  The sound on  the DVD is great and the program notes are good too.  This is a definite  buy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "January 1st, 2006Every New Year's Day when I view this superb DVD of the VPO and Karajan at their most musicianly ways, I am impressed by the ebb, flow, and hesitancy which is the way the music of the Strausses should be played.A conductor friend of mine who studied in Vienna and was conductor of an orchestra in Lvov said that Karajan and the VPO in this recording got it RIGHT!Especially entrancing is the music accompanying the horses from the Spanish Riding School and Karjan's darling, Kathleen Battle, doing a fine rendition of the Voices of Spring.The stage is sumptuously decked out in what seem to be all of the fresh flowers in Vienna and one gets the sense that this was a real event because the maestro died only two years later.I highly recommend this DVD and it will give YOUR New Year's Day something special to remember it by.Timothy Wingate  OTTAWA  CANADA"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have reviewed 5 Beethoven DVDs. Yes the recording is old....but can't imagine why video is so poor. The real problem is we buy these great masterpieces to experience the orchestra and not the conductor. We don't buy operas to watch the conductor nearly full time. I would agree there is little cinematography going on here....which seems criminal with such an important piece. I am nervous to get any Karajan piano or violin concertos les they not focus on the performer. I have a solution in Beethoven's masterpiece. Get the recent Blu-ray Vienna performance with Thielmann conducting in glorious 1080p DTS high definition. You will always judge every classical DVD by this performance....especially the direction and cinematography and of course picture and sound quality."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"The Four Seasons\" is probably one of the most famous and widely played symphony in the world. This version is beautifully shot and the sound quality is superb. Mr. Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic are in excellent form. It's always a treat watching Mr. Karajan conduct and play the harpischord. Reminding us how great composers like Beethoven did both in their days. Anne-Sophie Mutter's playing is both heavenly and flawless...and I'm a cellist!  This performance is like a wonderful bottle of Cabernet - very solid. Just perfect for a relaxing evening at home. It's great to have this version on dvd as testament to the growth and talent of Ms. Mutter.  Mutter's 1999 collaboration of \"The Four Seasons\" with the Trondheim Soloists is more energetic & uptempo. Mutter plays with a little more abandon. Unfortunately, the 1999 rendition is cd only and not available on dvd yet."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This performance was taped 17 years ago so the video quality isn't that sharp by today's standards, but the audio is excellent.  The new building - The Chamber Music Auditorium of the Berlin Philharmonic - is beautiful and perfect for such a performance.  Mutter's playing is up to her usual lofty standards, and of course maestro Herbert Von Karajan (he and Mutter are my reasons for granting the five stars) is larger than life, although he was obviously beginning to weaken at this point and sadly needed assistance in standing.  (He passed less than two years after this taping.)  Also provided on the DVD are backgrounds on Von Karajan and the new auditorium.  Overall an excellent presentation of Vivaldi's masterpiece."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have heard many fine four seasons and this one does not stand out. I still think the performance with Gerald Scwartz on the Delos label with the Seattle Symphony is more lush with better sound. The reason to get this on DVD is to actually see the performance. Yes we do get to see it.....but not very well. The video is quite poor which is perplexing since it is only 20 years ago. The other problem is the concert is only 45 minutes long which is chintzy. I think the standard for DVD concerts should be at least 90 minutes. Redemptively it is going for about $6 on Amazon. Looking forward to a Blu-ray version in DTS HD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a must buy DVD !Listening to and watching Charlotte Church in her first concert, on a Home Theater system with a good speaker system and a big screen is truely exceptional.Forget the Internet or digital  games, this DVD may be the single best arguement for the benefits of  digital technology that there is.The DVD's production does have some  slight flaws though. The audio quality is very good, but there is some  slight rumble at high listening levels. The video seems over driven and  camera angles can be irritating when they hit laser lights (a common  problem)Now for the thoughtless part. The concert's lighting seems done  by a bunch of confused 10 year olds that think hundreds of spinning and  glaring laser lights and massive ultra violet lights are way cool. Reality  is that it all just detracts from Charlotte's presence.Luckily,  Charlotte's young voice and personality do overcome the childish  lighting.On a one to five scale, this DVD is still a 10!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Love it! I ordered it monday evening, and received it on saturday. The only thing I didnt like was when i selected \"play all videos\", for some reason it didnt play Valentine Girl. It was like it wasnt even on the dvd. It just skipped right over it. Maybe it had something to do with my dvd player, i dont know. But overall i love it :) and my 8 year old brother was dancing to it and watched it with me. He doesnt even know who they are and he loved it hahaha :)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I can agree with the other reviews: this video, which is titled to be an Elmo one, does NOT have much Elmo in it. This left my daughter asking for the furry red monster throughout the video. Elmo makes cameo appearances, popping in here and there for a minute or two. The rest of the video is full of fun songs (we love the Mighty Mighty Bosstones one) but not enough character interaction. A little disappointing, but older kids and adults will really appreciate the songs and guest appearances."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a fabulous and funny musical tribute to Sesame Street.  It is a great variety show (a la Muppet Show) which is a plus.  Jon Stewart plays a great part of the would-be show host that gets locked in his dressing room.  Elmo is prevalent, but not as much as the title would suggest.  I don't believe that it is enough to give it disparaging marks!(For those of you who are hung up on Elmo, check out Elmo in Grouchland!)Rosie, Shawn and all of the stars are gregarious and wonderful for children to watch.  In fact, it is a video that I enjiy watching with or without my children!!!5 stars!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I guess as you get older, tastes change.  I bought this cd years back when I saw Tony on Mtv, and now I can't stop listening to it.  What I like is how real and how genuine the songs are, as well as how real Mr. Cool aka Tony Bennett is himself.  This guy rocks.  Lots of personality and one heck of a voice, you won't find a more natural and talented performer than TB.  This disc is full of classics so you can't go wrong.  Nice mix of tempo in terms of upbeat songs and ballads, plus the cool guests stop in to put their spin on the material.  Top notch musicians as well.INSTANT CLASSIC"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is really the politics of mass rock concerts that is on center stage in this film.  The locals on the island are revealed to be completely out of touch right wing nuts.  And large elements of the crowd become organized into left-wing activism against the seemingly inept and exploitive capitalists running the concert.  The whole thing degenerates into a kind of Monty Python skit on early 70s politics -- accompanied by wonderful music.  Not only does this film have performances by great musicians of the era, including Jimi Hendrix (his next to last performance before he died), Miles Davis, the Doors, Joni Mitchell and John Sebastian.  It also has performances from groups who were big at the time but are now largely forgotten such as Ten Years After."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A good film about a sadly bad organized/guided concert, courtesy of Mr. Ricky and Co.  One thing I can't understand about this sort of films about MUSIC festivals is that music sometimes is cut down to show the events that surround the concert.  For instance Miles Davis appears just 2-3 minutes (!!!) with his 1970 line up; Jethro Tull is clearly edited; Emerson Lake and Palmer appear on the former Laser Disc edition just a couple of minutes, later the company added Rondo, but where is the rest...  By the way once again the european DVD has more music than the USA one (where are Family and Taste second track)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I own many of John Denver's music is 33 record form.  He has been one on my personal favorites for many years.  He has such a melodic and warm voice.  It's always a pleasure to listen to his music.  This Wildlife concert was to highlight his music and his love and interest in the environment.  Between every few songs John stops singing and talks about his inspiration for why he wrote a particular song.  I didn't find it distracting since many of John songs he wrote himself.  It's nice to hear the background.This DVD has beautifully clear video and sound.  The concert runs almost 2 hours (113min) of pure enjoyment for John Denver fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was one of the most enjoyable concerts (other than \"live\" shows I attended) I had ever seen John do... he was himself, he was in top form, he still captivated the viewer and entertained with such ease...John Denver is an American Classic -- and is missed a great deal.Thank you, John - for all you did, all you tried to do and all that you were.  You will remain with me as a beacon of hope and will shine on forever....~~~~~\"Though the singer is silent, there still is the truth of the song\" -- John Denver"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "John Denver's voice got better and better with time and it shows in his Wildlife concert. John's voice, music and lyrics take me to a unique place where no other singer or music can take me where there is peace, reflection, love for nature and life and all the best of it. His music is timeless; you can appreciate his voice and all the instruments unlike much of today's music where there is a lot of noise and you cannot fully hear and appreciate the voice, the lyrics and the instruments. Nothing like an acoustic concert like The Wildlife Concert to really appreciate and understand what real good music is. John Denver left a wonderful legacy with his music and his work; he was not only a great singer, musician and songwriter but also an environmentalist who was and will continue to be an inspiration to many."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I just received JOHN DENVER - THE WILDLIFE CONCERT (DVD) from AMAZON.COM. My wife and I turned the lights down, cranked up the Bose surround speakers, and were enraptured for the entire duration of that outstanding performance. This was John at his very best. The concert was performed in front of a small audience in a cozy setting, and we felt every bit a part of that audience. If you're a John Denver fan, I don't believe you can go wrong with this excellent DVD. As it says on the package: the video is crystal-clear, as is the CD quality sound. My only regret is that he is no longer with us."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I Love this DVD Concert,Lots of great songs, some I had NOT heard of before. Audio in 5.1 is quite good BUT would have liked it in DDS coding just that much more,  none the less quite enjoyable. Clear crisp great to watch and here on my 56\" DLP Projection TV & my Bose Life Stiles 35s Home theather system! If you are a fan of John, THIS IS A MUST HAVE! Bill M PS See my Video review of the concert DVD as well as several others on You Tub. Put MrWm2800 in the you tub Search box to bring up this as well as several other DVD concerts!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I had to give this 5 stars, I mean it is NIN and all of their awesome videos are on one of the tapes! This 2 tape set (depending on which tape you view first) starts with videos for Head Like a Hole (classic NIN) Wish, Happiness in Slavery (certainly NOT for the squeamish) March of the Pigs, Gave Up (featuring Marilyn Manson and filmed at the Sharon Tate house) to the 2 most brilliant works of art in music video: Closer and The Perfect Drug. The second tape includes concert footage and backstage happenings with Marilyn Manson, David Bowie and the Jim Rose Circus. I only wished that it had more of the backstage stuff and that the filming wasn't so distorted in parts, but Trent will do as he will and we will love it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "THat is a line from march of the pigs song/ video. THis closure set is the best. It has all the videos that were released from nin's beginning until the release of the downward spiral. It  also has live footage from the self-destruct tour from 1995. The concert kind of blows but the videos are awesome. BUT BEWARE THE VIDEOS ARE EXTREMELY GRAPHIC AND DISTURBING. THEY ARE VIOLENT BUT GOOD. This is only out on VHS right now because trent is dealing with law suits for the release on dvd. Don't wait. It won't come out. BUY THIS NOW!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "a personal look at what went on backstage at NIN's self-destruct tour. although not as huge a NIN fan as I once was, I've probably watched this set at least a hundred times, and I continue to watch it on occaission just because it truly captures the band at their best. the live performances are so perfectly sloppy and intense... the shabby film quality in parts fits the music and the images so well it is hard to desribe. the whole thing just seems so natural. the second video featuring the actual music videos for NIN's songs are wonderful as well, in particular, the video for GAVE UP. this video, which simply depicts the band plus marilyn manson recording the song in the studio, is my favorite for some reason. maybe just because it humanizes the artists and shows where the music actually comes from."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "After having seen Closure by Nine Inch Nails, I feel my conclusion is of truth. This video, quite simply is the best thing a NIN fan could get. The first tape (which contrary to what has been said in other reviews) is not too poorly recorded. The live performances are full of energy, yet sometimes shaky. This is the only flaw of the video. The second tape makes the $25 Amazon price seem reasonable. It's the most amazing collection of NIN videos. I guarantee that you'll be thrilled to say the least when you see this. Every video is included from 1989-1997. You get the videos for &quot;Head Like A Hole&quot;, &quot;Down In It&quot;, &quot;Terrible Lie&quot;, &quot;Closer&quot;, and many more including the beautiful video for &quot;The Perfect Drug&quot;. This would be the best addition to even the smallest Nine Inch Nails fans collection. Like I said before, simply amazing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When i was younger, the tour on this tape came to the civic center in my city, and that was the first i had heard of manson.  I did not go(it sold out pretty quickly), now after watching this video, i am mad for not going!  The video starts out with protestors and then cuts to the concert footage with &quot;Angel with the scabbed wings&quot;, then it has backstage footage, and more concerts, and so on.  He does amazing on stage, he sounds good, and is not afraid to go to the extremes.  If you are easily offended, this video is DEFFINETLY NOT FOR YOU!!!  But, if you are like me, and love both marilyn manson and shock factor, then you must get this tape.  I have watched this tape almost more than i have listened to the cds.  I am addicted, and i am loving it!!  YOU MUST BUY IT NOW!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Sometimes I wonder what goes through the mind of Marilyn Manson. What powers from the depths of hell created this band?! I swear I have never seen a nastier artist than Marilyn Manson. Not even Slayer was as nasty as  this guy. Believe me, one look at the video &quot;Sweet Dreams(are made of  this)&quot; scared the living hell out of me. I'd rather be watching videos  from the Aphex Twin master &quot;Richard D. James&quot;. If you plan to  watch this video.......well, don't say I didn't warn you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Okay, my third try, here's the censored version:  This was a terrible idea.  I didn't realize what i was buying so i guess i'm an idiot for wasting my money.  Placing Type O Negative over the soundtrack to a 1930's black and white silent film is like trying to watch \"Dawn of the Dead\" overdubbed with \"The Monster Mash\".  Utterly awful. These bogus made-up \"Goths\" have spoiled the vampire mystique for everyone. Even if i liked this sorry-ass band (which i don't),i'd still think this was a horrible, LAME idea."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The music of Type O Negative did some justice to this film by enhancing it with a new flair of romanticism. Listening to David Carradine's introduction is odd, adding more darkness to the film. Carradine looks somewhat cyanotic perhaps bitten by Dracula himself, make one wonder if that's why he nervously plays with that cane. The opening tune Der Untermensch is awesome and sends shivers down your spine and then begins the completely hypnotic trance throughout the film. The other songs like Love You To Death, Die With Me, Prelude To Agony, Bloody Kisses, and Unsuccessfully Coping With The Natural Beauty Of Infidelity just to mention a few put the icing (or blood) on the cake on F.W. Murnau's Symphony Of Horror. I found this DVD to be an eclectic harmonizing mixture of the old and the new. A must buy for all TON people."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am normally not a big fan of Putamayo collections, but this one is excellent in my opinion.  Every song is soothing & melodic without being weird or cloying.  Although devised to help children fall asleep, I am an adult and I purchased it for myself for those nights I have difficulty turning off the noise in my mind and falling asleep.  I would not restrict this to bedtime however.  It is enjoyable enough to listen to anytime one needs to de-stress.  I feel my money was well-spent on this and I would not hesitate to purchase this as a new-baby-gift or for any child's birthday.  I don't like all lullaby-type albums, but this one is a winner.  Another excellent one is a collection by Windham Hill called \" On a Starry Night \".  I have played both of these to rock babies to sleep and also just to have lovely, soothing music to relax with.  I highly recommend this c d."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Conductor and composer John Rutter has been a fan of this work for a long time - and it shows.  The orchestra is simply excellent as are the Cambridge Singers.  Rutter chose to use two younger voices for the women's solo parts; the soprano was 29, the alto 25 when recorded.  The quality of voices changes over time and there are some solos that benefit from young voices and some that require mature voices - per the conductor's and listener's choices.  The tenor at times overdid the vibrato.  The solo voices were all excellent but sometimes they lacked the depth and power that more mature voices often offer.  Comments aside, this is a fine group of soloists.  The clarity and separation of the choral parts are excellent.  This is a medium-paced rendition which captures the emotions of the oratorio while not forgetting its baroque heritage.  This is one of my 9 recordings of the complete work and one you'll enjoy owning."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As a fan of Rutter and the Cambridge Singers, I knew their take on Handel's Messiah was a natural for me. Although the sound of the Cambridge Singers has changed over the years, it has never lost its distinctive hallmarks, as on this recording. Rutter has a first-class group of young soloists, and I especially like the soprano and bass soloists. I know that Melanie Marshall might not be able to touch Anne Sofie von Otter's renditions of the alto parts on Pinnock's DG recording, but she gives a truly heartbreaking account of He was despised. Throughout, the tempi is brisk and bright, but yet the performance bubbles with conviction and commitment. Rutter also shines as a choral conductor, eliciting a superb overall sound from his choir and crafting avery nuance intricately in the manner of Robert Shaw. I think this would probably be one of my top dogs for Messiah, alongside Pinnock, Gardiner and the live Cleobury-King's College version."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What a concept: writing good songs. Too bad VH never got that memo before they churned our a Different Kind of TurdChickenfoot got the memo. There is killer music here, which is not even debatable and Satriani sounds just plain cool in most of the parts especially all these chunky Keith Richards riffs he seems to roll out. Then he whips into a lead like only Satch can do. Very cool stuff.Michael Anthony is more out front on this disc and he should be. Again, the VH record suffers without him, this one benefits tremendously by having him on it.Hagar's voice is still excellent and he still writes a decent melody unlike 'mumble with rocks in his mouth-Roth'.Anyway, Bigfoot is awesome, Alright alright, Dubai Blues is cool, Lighten Up, Up next, there is just some well written catchy music being played here by guys that are having fun together and it sounds like it. One of the best things you can pick up this year if you want some good rock!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is getting a little gimmicky - 3D glasses and images on the cover, 'Superband' status with all these big names - and nowhere near as powerful a return from the first album. It's an okay rock album, but something I cannot sit down and directly plug my ears and brain into. I have to have it as background noise while I am working. Don't get lost in the marketing gimmick of 'Hagar and Satriani', but still worth a shot if you have not heard the first Chickenfoot album. If you have heard the first album, don't get your hopes too high."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I notice there seems to still be this competition with some VH fans that won't die and never will so I thought I would put my two cents worth in here.I love the new Van Halen record ADKOT but that does not mean I am suppose to dislike this record like some people have decided, they are both great! I do favor the new VH more but that's not to say this is not an excellent record IT IS! I was and still am a fan of VH with DLR and Hagar and now Chickenfoot as well it's nice to have this much good RnR these days we should all feel blessed we do! By the way for young ones still learning Sammys music check out his fantastic solo record Standing Hampton."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Sammy Hagar's been entertaining me since his &#34;Bad Motor Scooter&#34; days with Ronnie Montrose. Here he joins again with friends Joe Satriani, Michael Anthony and Chad Smith to produce a very current record. As a longtime fan, I'm not about to say I turned it up to ear-bleeding levels. But I could. The tunes rock consistently, and there aren't any flat spots. The music created by these veterans shows that they are truly monsters of rock and roll. And they're creative. Still. Master craftsmen."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Liked Sammy's work with Van Halen and selectively his solo stuff. Love most everything Satriani has put out. Feel indifferent about the other two band members. Liked 3-4 tracks off the first Chickenfoot album to keep me interested and they still make it into my workout set list every once in a while.... My kid gloves off review of this album is not too kind. I don't hear growth so much as regression. The best two tracks on the album are Different Devil and Up Next, everything else is throw away. Different Devil is good but it sounds like something off a Hagar solo record, Up Next is the only song that reminds me the guitarist behind this album is one of the best alive. Only problem with Up Next is that I really don't want to hear Hagar's vocals on this one because the lyrics just disappoint compared to that great guitar work.Oh well, maybe the next one will be better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This cd rocks! But I knew this was going to happen.On a side note, be sure to watch the song inspiration on the web which explains their process behind every song. It really provides insight on the album. There isn't a bad song here. Something Gone Wrong is my favorite. It is an acoustic, 12 string piece, good lyrics, and a classic Joe guitar bridge. With overall tempo which I prefer. I do like the lyrical message on Three and Half Letters, (I Need a Job). I can't wait until Chickenfoot 2!  Or Chickenfoot 6!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Don't be fooled, this is a great album, has a rythm and blues feel to it, the lyrics are cool. You can feel these guys had fun writing this album. Completely disagree with the 1 Star ratings or for that matter anything less than 3 stars, some people have anger issues. The music is great, definitely better than some of the older Sammy albums. It's a bit different, laid back, it's all Sammy Hagar material here, nothing surprising, and in no way are these guys selling on their big names alone... can't wait to see them again in concert."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Could not figure out why it was Chickenfoot III as I couldn't ever remember a II.  Then I opened up the package and saw the 3D anaglyph's!  OUTSTANDING packaging.  Makes me want to buy one more just to archive.  I put the music on and I've been playing this CD over and over and over.  Great mix of rockers and even a ballad.  What surprised me was the raw sound of \"three and a half letter\" in which Sammy screams, \"I NEED A JOB, I'M WILLING TO WORK, BUT I NEED A JOB!\"  If that doesn't sum up this obamanation economy I don't know what does.  Loving \"Different Devil\" \"Bigfoot\" and \"Dubai Blues.\"  This is a very FUN CD in both sight and sound.  Buy it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "chickenfoot 111 takes off where it last was with the first cd. I read that joe challenged sammy to sing like he never did before but I dont hear any change in his vocals not bad just no difference in his style and sammy did the same with joe to play things unexplored and i dont hear anything different but joe still is badd real badd plays his ass off so he's just fine. Chad and Mike are just fine as well but I don't like the lyrics(who writes them?) on some of the songs but overall great collection of songs.  I like song 11(they lied about this one they lied about that one)nice tune, bye yall"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Everyone is comparing this one to the first. Why bother, if you like these guys chances are you will like everything they put out, I know I do. After all, you have four longtime hard driving rockers that have been doing it for years. Sammy sounds as good as ever and Joe is one of the all time greats. The highlight of the disc for me is Something Gone Wrong, what a great song! Joe pours his soul out with his guitar playing in this song. Mikes backup vocals are tremendous here. A good mix of rockers and ballads on this disc. When you mix this album with the other it will make one great concert. It should be a great tour. I am just glad these guys are still making new music after all these years. Great Cd!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Not only is this a great second album by a true \"supergroup\" but the packaging of the vinyl edition is awesome. I have not seen the disc version but the 3-D effect of the vinyl edition is some of the best I have seen and the booklet,Gatefold and sleeves all are cool as helll. If you like the first album I recommend this as it may be a little more mature but still plenty of excellent guitar work from Satch. I saw them live in 2009 and am glad they stuck together because they were jaw dropping and this album does not disappoint."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I loved the first Chickenfoot CD.  Loved it a lot. Great CD.  This one is better.  Much better!  The song structure and lyrical composition are both superior.  These are the best, most well constructed lyrics Hagar has even written.  The backing vocals are simply wonderful (VH has got to me missing Mikey).  The rhythem section is way more then solid.  This is simply wonderful, powerful, hard driving rock and roll.  If your fan of rock, there is not a bad song in this collection, front to back, every song is great!  Maybe the worst song is the \"single\" Bigfoot (so if you liked that, you'll LOVE the rest of the CD.  The hidden track \"untitled\" is maybe one of the best among the songs in this collection.  Buy it...you will not be disappointed!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I agree with quite a few others that almost all the songs here are generic sounding Sammy Hagar songs (maybe something solo).  Not even the great guitar player can save these songs.  The only song I like is the last one, Something Gone Wrong!  And that describes the rest of this CD for me.  I was really surprised by the first Chickenfoot CD, the songs were really catchy GREAT HOOKS that had you stompin your foot!  And I'm not even the biggest Hagar fan, I did like Montrose and selective Van Hagar!  But that first CD really nailed it and it was a surprise hit going GOLD!  I just dont see the same thing happening here, I dont think it's going to catch on like the first one!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Their are several excellent songs on this album! Myles Kennedy is coming into his own as a vocalist and Slash is still an awesome guitar player. He is experimental enough that you don't feel he is afraid of playing something new or different and yet at the same time he keeps the riffs flowing throughout the album! For me Your a Lie and Bad Rain are highlights but there are several others that rock and very few that do not! A very succesful effort that brings Slash out of the immense shadow of GnR!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Miles and Slash are a perfect match and the songwriting is at a very high level on this release. I didn't care for Slash's prior CD with the various vocalists, but this one was a pleasant surprise. This is hard rock done right with lots of energy, soaring vocals and killer riffs. The choruses and hooks get stuck in your head and you want to listen to it over and over. There is not a bad track on here...and the extra tracks on the deluxe version are great too.If you like other great current rock bands like Sixx A.M., Hardcore Superstar and Voices of Extreme...then you will like this. If you liked Guns N Roses...then you SHOULD like this unless you are hung up on Axl being gone....but Miles sounds great, your loss."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Ghost of Guns N' Roses lives in this album if you listen carefully, in some cases Myles \" The Dying Cat\" tries to emulate Axl's style.Take a good listen and you'll find \"Locomotive\" riff from Use Your Illusion in \"Standing in the Sun\", \"Anything Goes\" from Appetite in \"Halo\" the chorus has some of Axl's style from \"Outta Get Me\", \"Move to The City\" is in \"Hard & Fast\" and the Chorus is very similar to \"Been There Lately\" From Slash's SnakepitGood album but sorry I cannot stand the annoying whining nasal singing from Myles..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a great great Heavy Rock album from the legendary SLASH!!!! I really like the Slash years on GUNS N ROSES, and this one APOCALYPTIC LOVE is like a modern HEAVY inspired version of what GUNS should be today....The singer Myles is GREAT!!!! His vocals reminds A LOT axl vocals, but that's actually a cool thing!!! Man, this album is GREAT!!!! TOTALLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!! WELL DONE, SLASH!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was never a huge fan of Slash (or GnR for that matter - pretty good, but not great). I always thought Slash was overrated and more of an image thing. I've heard him outside of GnR on a few one-off projects (Hendrix tribute and Muddy Waters tribute), and the solos sounded the same and stale.But I heard \"Standing In The Sun\" on the radio, and I liked it enough to try this CD. Holy crap is it good. \"Standing In The Sun\" is the weakest cut on the CD.I'm also a Myles Kennedy fan. His vocals are perfectly suited for this heavy rock, but unlike Alter Bridge, these songs are not all power ballads. Now, I like power ballads and Alter Bridge, but they get old. Same formula, etc. But these songs are just straight-forward heavy rock. Powerful, riff-heavy, and show-off chops. Each different and great. I am officially a Slash fan now."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"Apocalyptic Love\" is great! This is an great follow-up from Slash. A terrific rock album. All (13) tracks on here are great.Track Listing1. Apocalyptic Love (4 out of 4)2. One Last Thrill (4 out of 4)3. Standing in the Sun (4 out of 4)4. You're a Lie (4 out of 4)5. No More Heroes (4 out of 4)6. Halo (4 out of 4)7. We Will Roam (4 out of 4)8. Anastasia (4 out of 4)9. Not for Me (4 out of 4)10. Bad Rain (4 out of 4)11. Hard & Fast (4 out of 4)12. Far and Away (4 out of 4)13. Shots Fired (4 out of 4)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Slash makes his solo return with his second album Apocalyptic Love. After listening to it a couple of times, i think that it is a nice upgrade from his solo debut. Apocalyptic Love has a more connected feel about it that better showcases Slash`s trademark no-fills rock along with fine support from Miles Kennedy and the Conspirators. Listening to the album, it is very obvious how well they have gelled together after a lot of touring in the last year.Overall i highly recommend Apocalyptic Love to anyone that loves no-fills, balls to the wall rock."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As in Slash is back! Been a big fan of Slash since the old GnR days...suffered thru the first solo album, and endured all the nonsense with Velvet Revolver and that arrogant jack-A Scott Weiland and his always being late to the shows...!!I waited to buy this album because the VR stuff, while good, never jumped out at me, it was missing something...BUT here it is! The song Anastasia is getting good rotation on Sirius Octane, and I was instantly hooked - because its the best guitar work Slash has done since GnR. As is this whole album. While Myles voice can a bit too high pitched at times - Slash makes up for it. Great guitar work all over this album and the band is a perfect compliment.I hope this is the beginning of more from Slash and these guys. I think he's hitting his stride here and I want more, and more and more..!If you like Slash and good old rockNroll - buy this album!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "this is undeniably a fantastic record... i can't wait to see it live, but it sounds pretty bad. i am so frustrated by the record industry's penchant for overcompressing music these days! in my car, which has a pretty decent stock stereo, all the parts that are 'thick' sounding are clipping badly, as if i'm listening to the record while a helicopter flies by outside. there's a thrumming low frequency clipping that is annoying. the parts that are supposed to be airy and chimey sound like they're coming out of a can! i turned down the bass a little past the center detent, and turned the treble up a LOT to compensate... this ticks me off! why should i continue to BUY albums if record companies keep squashing the life out of music like this?! three stars for the crappy sound quality, 10 stars for the music itself..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Long-time Rush fan here (30+ years), beginning with the first album and continuing on.  Regrettably, I have to say this release is GOD AWFUL.  It just goes from bad to worse.  For the life of me I cannot understand all of these high reviews.  For me, I find the songwriting to be extremely poor, not a memorable tune here.  The guitar work is unimaginative and very average.  I didn't dig Geddy's singing either -- he seems unable to write and deliver a good hook or melody.  The quality of the recording stinks too.  By today's standards (and those of yesteryear) this release is a complete an utter loser.Sorry guys, but this is THE WORST CD I have heard in years.  I want my money back!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It's Rush, it's brilliant. No more needs to be said-Except for one thing-For some reason, my copy is in a jewel case and not the digipak that every other copy of this album I've seen has been packaged in. You say, &#34;So what?&#34; Well, to a geek like me, that makes it some kind of &#34;One of a kind&#34; thingy. Is it a bootleg? I don't believe so-So, nanapoopoo stick your head in doodoo, mine is in a jewel case."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Disclosure: I'm one of those Rush fans that has enjoyed all of their albums, even the lighter, almost jazz-like offerings. I've enjoyed dropping the needle on each new album wondering what it would sound like.That said, most of us long-time Rush fans became fans around (if not exactly) \"2112.\" Those earlier albums defined the \"Rush sound\" that polarized music fans. For those of us who loved it, we fell hard. We ate up \"Farwell to Kings\", \"Permanent Waves\", \"2112\", and even \"Caress of Steel\" (which polarizes even Rush fans).\"Clockwork Angel\" is a return to those earlier albums. This album flat out rocks! If fact, most of these tracks would not be out of place in the Thrash Metal category. For me, it belongs square in the classic \"Rush Sound\" Prog-Rock category.Grade: A"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "...but fans won't be punished with this purchase.  Good, solid album.  Has that complex \"evolved\" Rush sound that the band has developed over the last few years.  If you've been catching the last few Rush video programs on cable, DVD, or Blu-Ray you'll know what I mean.  (Think of the \"Far Cry\" live performances.)  It's wonderful, thought-provoking music to which you'll want to listen again, to pick up what you missed the first time.Recommended for all Rush fans: young, old, and to-be.  Delay yourselves no longer."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "this is the Rush band I fell in love with in the late 70's / early 80's! this is the why they are such a great band! trust me, if you love the old hard hitting, well written Rush (like the Moving Pictures days), then buy this album! I haven' like anything they put out the past 10 years or so (+/-), but this album rocks! musically at the top of their game with this album! holy cow, I downloaded the MP3 album expecting typical crappy Rush, but was I pleasantly surprised!! hell, it reminds me of Dream Theater somewhat! Prog-Rock at it's finest right here! if you liked Rush back in their day, then you'll love this album!! buy it now, you won't be disappointed!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been a fan since 1978 when I first bought 2112 on vinyl.  I sort of lost interest after Moving Pictures with all the synths, but decided to buy tickets to their upcoming show in Baltimore.  I bought Clockwork Angels just to know the new stuff, not expecting much.  Well, I have to say, this is now my favorite Rush album.  Extremely heavy, this sounds like it could have been released between Permanent Waves and Moving Pictures, or even earlier!  Great arrangements, interesting lyrics, all around a powerhouse album.  If you are a Rush fan and are contemplating buying this, do it.  You will not be disappointed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There's not much to say here other than it's a solid Rush album. I did not start listening to Rush until late 80s/early 90s, so I never was exactly in love with their 70s stuff (though I later learned to like it).  The musicianship is great, as always.  Seeing them on tour a few years ago was one of the best musical experiences of my life.  I would definitely recommend that if you like their stuff, go see them live and damn the price of the ticket.  It will be worth it,  believe me."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was 7 years old when I awaited the release of Different Stages, 13 when I saw them on the Vapor Trails Tour, a Jr. in High School when Snakes and Arrows came out and now as a \"mature\" adult I've witnessed the release of  Rush's latest masterpiece.I have to say it sounds nothing like anything Rush has ever done and that is in no way, shape or form a bad thing. The coalescence present is unlike anything I've heard before on one of their albums- they truly went out on an artistic limb and it looks to me like we are all staring in awe. As we should be.5/5  Caravan5/5  BU2B5/5  Clockwork Angels5/5  The Anarchist4/5  Carnies5/5  Halo Effect5/5  Seven Cities of Gold4/5  The Wreckers5/5  Headlong Flight5/5  BU2B24/5  Wish Them Well5/5  The GardenVery impressed with this album! Excellent!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album absolutely blows away Snakes and Arrows. Not only do you have a jamming Rush but the melodic as well!! The song Headlong Fight is definitly the best song on the album. Probably one of the best songs that they put out in a while. The melodic side is back. The songs Halo Effect, The Wreckers and The Garden have an atmospheric sound that will send chills through you as you listen. There is not a bad song on the album, compared to finding a good song that will stick to you on Snakes and Arrows. They have come along way with their music. and hopefully they will make more! This CD gives me faith in the bands new music form again. I hope it continues. You can only Wish Them Well! See you at the show in Philly!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I heard this album in its entirety for the first time at my brother's Fourth of July party this year.  This album is another turn in a different direction for Rush.  This band keeps evolving musically seemingly with each album they put out, and Clockwork Angels is no exception.  Even in their late fifties and early sixties, Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson, and Neil Peart keep on evolving and most important of all, keep on rocking.So far, this is a 4-star album, but I say \"so far\" because it seems that so many Rush albums grow on me over time.  Eventually I end up raising my rating of the album.  We'll see if it happens again with Clockwork Angels.I definitely plan to purchase this album soon, as I have all the Rush albums and want to add this to my collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm another long-time Rush fan who found Clockwork Angels to be completely disappointing.  I think the production of this CD left Geddy's vocals sounding completely flat and distant, like he's on a hill 100 feet away from the rest of the band while recording is going on, and without his dynamic voice giving life to the lyrics, and everything else being mashed together, to me it's just one continuous boring bit of overly loud overly processed noise.  If you want to hear the real Rush, buy anything else they've released but this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The problem with modern production techniques is they compress the dynamics, making everything loud; then they increase the volume past the technical limits of the CD. This is evident on the Clockwork Angels release, and there are many areas where it is impossible to hear the nuances of Neil Peart's drumming, to follow Geddy Lee's bass lines, or to tell just what exactly Alex Lifeson is doing on his guitar. The mix wasn't as bad as the original master of Vapor Trails, but it is clearly not as good as it should have been."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I first heard the first two singles from this album before it came out I was psyched Rush was doing an album this heavy but when I bought the album it leaves a lot to be desired. it starts off with a band with Caravan, BU2B, and Clockwork Angels but after that it took a confusing left turn for me. Some of Geddy's vocals are a little too shreaky and turns me off from the songs and some of their string arrangments on this album dosen't help either. I have to say i like 7 out of the 12 songs on here. I recommend their earlier records though."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The band was in shambles after Test for Echo, due to Neil's losses. Their follow-up, Vapor Trails, showed a band struggling to remain a band. Vapor Trails was a tremendous letdown for a lot of fans, myself included, not to mention holding the award for probably one of the worst sounding albums ever released by a major label, but it contains a lot of passion. Snakes and Arrows has some great moments and a few decent tracks overall, but it falls flat as whole. With Clockwork Angels we see Rush back in full swing. They want it again and they're pushing themselves to be as good as they know they can: Solid playing at a very high level, complex and intricate arrangements that keep your attention, and a passion that shows they really want to make something great!We thank you! Can't wait to see it live!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow! Rush is one of the few \"older\" bands that still manages to put out solid music every few years or so. I've been listening to Clockwork Angels since it came out in June of last year. Every song is very good to great, featuring some of their best melodies to date. Geddy's bass playing is at an all time high, while Lifeson creates some memorable riffs and Peart fills in all the rest like the legend he is. One of the most complete albums I have heard by any band. Leave it to Rush to put out one of their best albums 40 years into a career. Anyone giving this less than 4 stars needs some serious help."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, a little play on the name of the group - but if you are a fan of Rush, then this will be a welcome addition to your collection (as it is to mine).  Even after all this time, these guys still rock.  They have proven themselves to be world class musicians - tight music, tight lyrics - a tight band.People may think that they have outlived their usefulness - and if you think that, you could not be more wrong.  If it has been awhile since you have listened to Rush - by all means get this CD.  If you never heard of Rush (and you may not have) - again, get this CD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This band has hung around for 40 years, made some great albums in the early 1980's, continued from there with repetitive material but great concerts, and now suddenly they are better, massively better.  Not only does Clockwork Angels succinctly present a lifetime of life's lessons in precise lyrics, but these guys really really rock.  Rather than discuss each track, which are all incongruent with Top 40 tunes, I'll just say it's their most cohesive album ever.  No other band out today can but hide and listen in the force of this material.  The last track, Garden, is beyond thorough composition - it can only be compared to the great allegories of literature and classical music.  A few great rock bands have survived, but Rush is the only one I know that still thrives."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to admit it.  I didn't care for it much at all - and I am a pretty big Rush geek.  But I kept listening and found that it has grown on me.  I still think Geddy's singing is a bit stretched at times, and I would have enjoyed more solos from Alex.  But overall its a very, very solid concept album and I am very glad they went this route on this album.  Great story, great music, and a nice change of pace.Great work guys!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the 20th studio album from RUSH, and their best in decades, This new release finds Rush in top form and at the height of their success they are just as big as they were back in the day,Rush never fit into the neat box because you either got it or you didnt, every track on this release is amazing it captures the best of Rush removed keyboards for a more stripped down feel Bass,Guitar and drums, If your a fan it's a must own, every track is stellar on this brand new release from Rush, In my opinion their best in years!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "there last one snakes and arrows & this album was to me are 2 pf there best album since presto.id say i love probably 10 of the 12 songs.at least 5 could be played live with there classic hits!gettys voice isnt what it use to be but his voice is mature and sounds great.great riffs,drums,bass and solid song writing.and to me i will be listening to it for years to come and proud to put next to prestoand it sounds like most people who dont like the album is because of the compression which i dont blame them.you shouldnt need an audiophile system to have it sound good!luckly my tube amp gives it that added analog sound.BUT if your judging the album quality by mp3s you must be shot in the HEAD!at once!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm a big fan of Rush.....and this is a decent album.  However....i am REALLY getting annoyed with digital compressed recordings!  Younger folks will not understand my ramblings on this issue.....but if you grew up on analog recordings of your favorite music....you KNOW how much better it sounds. ALL music these days has the same compressed sound!  Go back and listen to your older recordings of Rush and Van Halen....or ANY other band from the analog era.  It sounds SO much more open and dynamic."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My local Wal-mart put Clockwork Angels out a week before they should have. I have listened to it numerous times since. I am a Rush ADDICT, with track marks to prove it - i swear!  I have never felt such emotion, beauty and grace in any of their previous works as I did with Clockwork Angels. I believe this will be a hallmark event for Rush and will be much deserved. To me, this is their pinnacle album, and sadly could be there last. Rush has achieved the perfect album! The Songs are complex, but each one has a melodic hook that stays with you. It makes you smile, cry and ponder. What an investment for a mere $12.00! Thanks Geddy, Alex and Neil- and most of all thanks to their producer, Nick, who helped push them to achieve new heights.  This album was made  for Rush fans, no one else! They Stood and Delivered!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is only a few days old, i dont think thats enough time to understand the 'whole thing, so people giving it a five like me arent being very honest at the moment, i think we all know its potential and complexity that it will lead to a 5.  But i will be honest and give it a 3.5 right now, but i will give it a 5 because i dont feel like coming back and changing this review to a 5 in a few months.  I did that with Vapor Trails."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Today is 10/12/2012 friday and I listened to Clockwork Angels yesterday and already I picked out my favorite tunes.  Snakes and Arrows is where I left off and this is just magic music.  When you grow up with a band what can I say???? even cd's you don't like that much it's still your band.  Caravan BU2B Halo Effect 7 Cities of Gold Headlong Flight Wish Them Well The Garden (the rest too but you get the point) I'm glad everyon's still alive to make music and I'll enjoy them till I'm dead(which I hope aint no time soon)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, all the songs are fantastic. Others have written extensively on that. Secondly, the production while \"loud\" is very clean sounding and sounds good. I recommend listening to this on a good sound system or high quality headphones.What I found most interesting is that it is heavily inspired by Voltaire's story Candide. This is even mentioned in the liner notes. In Candide, the title character was raised to believe that God was watching out for us all, and that all is for the best. After he realizes this is not true, he doubts his faith and sets out on a quest of self discovery. The story is actually really absurd and hilarious (which is on purpose, as it is satire). Here, that general theme is represented musically with a science fiction twist. I can't wait for the novel to come out, which will be fun to compare to Candide."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well, I know I'm a little late to this CD (12 years) but I looked it up on Amazon after hearing the first selection on Laugh USA Sirius XM last week.  I listen to that station for some smiles and giggles when I'm driving.  Brian Regan came on talking about \"you too\" and \"take luck\" and I almost had to pull over to the side of the road.  I was laughing so hard it really was dangerous!So now I have the CD and I listen at home where it's much safer for everyone.  It's just hilarious, no two ways about it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Brian Regan is an amazingly funny man. Not only is his act clean enough for everyone, but his observations on life are truly on the money and exquisitely made. From ridiculous spill-and-spell names like \"Aymie\", to psychotic doughnut consumption habits, there is no area of American life safe from Regan.I am especially fond of \"Hooked on Phonics\", \"Kid's Party Games\", \"Donut Lady\", and \"Spider Webs and Bees\", although there is not a clunker on the entire CD. For truly funny comedy that the entire family can share, this CD is impossible to beat.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go find a doughnut with icing all over it, but sprinkles only on one side."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There are a select few comedians who are straight up funny. Some (cough -Dane Cook- cough) use profanity to cover up the fact that their routines aren't really that funny. Not so with Brian Regan. He is a tremendously smart guy, who plays a stupid guy in his comedy.Since he has so much physical comedy though, his facial expressions alone can make you burst out laughing, I was worried that it wouldn't translate well to just audio. I was wrong. From \"Stupid in School\" to \"Fishing Shows\" this is Brian at his best. Two thumbs way up."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I didn't actually realise that this set came as a fairly sizeable book (duh!). Blue Guitars is a labour of love, and it shows. Rarely, if at all, have I known an artist to produce 11cd's of great songs. It's an interesting journey. The book, with it's paintings and an in -depth interview with Chris Rea, are almost a throwback to the old vinyl days of studying the album sleeve as you listen to the music. Rea's slide playing has never sounded better and his dark brown 'trombone ' of a voice carries you through the journey from the source of the blues through slavery, into the various manifestations of it up to the '60-70s. Great stuff.A minor point - The CD sleeves in the book are VERY FRAGILE so will not stand up to too much use."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I must admit to being a dedicated fan of Chris Rea for many years and had not heard anything from this group at all.  I came across the collection purely by chance and decided to give it a try.  It has three Cd's and two vinyl albums.  Have not heard the vinyl as yet but the first of the three cd's is instrumental and takes you back to an earlier time in rock where the feel of the beat and the sound was all important.  It is fantastic.  The next two cd's are a variety of rocky and bluesy tracks which are equally as good.  On top of that you have the bonus of being able to read this very good quality book.  A very good collection from quality muso's."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This three cd packet of music delivers just like all of Chris Rea's music. His last endeavor of 11 cds of music on the history of the blues is a must in any collection of the blues. If you have not discovered Chris', then buy this bundle of extremely enjoyable music. He includes three LPs in the packet as well. His writing, singing and total professionalism have always come through into his music. Buy this and any other work he has done. His voice is a credit to the blues as is his mastery of many instruments that he plays on many of his cds. The total performer. If you like Mark Knopfler and Eric Clapton, then you will enjoy Chris Rea."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow.  I just came across this CD for real cheap, and boy was I glad I got it.  I have listened to lots of blues players of different types, and the guitar of Albert King is amazing, especially on this disc.  I have his In Session CD live with SRV, which was a really strong CD, but this particular CD presents a better sound of his guitar, in my opinion.  It sounds sweeter, more well-rounded, powerful, diverse, and dead-on.  I really love Albert King's work, and I always wish songs like \"Blues Power\" and \"Blues at Sunrise\" were much much longer because this type of slower blues has the sweetest licks.  Get this CD.  It radiates such warm, positive energy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you wonder where Stevie Ray Vaughn got his outstanding guitar licks on  &quot;Texas Flood&quot;, listen to &quot;Blues Power&quot;.  They're all  there in this original by Albert King.  I saw B. B. King on TV a few times  around 1970, but on Sunday nights around 1971 there was a show on PBS of  rock concerts from the Filmore. One night Albert King was on there, a film  of part of this very performance!  That is what cinched it for me as a  blues fan.  I'd never heard guitar playing that touched so close to home.  Every phrase was dynomite.  I can't recomend this album enough."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "After Yatra this is the next of Parsons' discs to own, in my opinion. I would say this is more for the seasoned electronic music listener. The disc starts off with the piece, Tantra. This contains Tibetan trumpets, large hand cymbals, and Tibetan monks throat singing. The track builds to an exciting conclusion.The tracks, Tsaparang, Lauhaul Valley, and Dorje Ling follow in a similar vein. These are deep excursions into meditative electronic music. K-2 is a lighter piece that ends the disc. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The heading is not a bold statement its the truth. While other rappers' mixtapes are all guns, drugs and which hoe did it with freddy kreuger last night, Dead Prez devotes mixtape time to give you insight and thought provoking rhymes. Standout Tracks: TURN OFF THE RADIO, THAT'S WAR, WE NEED A REVOLUTION, FOOD CLOTHES & SHELTER part 2, SOULJA LIFE MENTALITY(Soulja Slim RIP), GET UP, KNOW YOUR ENEMY, IT WAS WRITTEN, NO LOVE, THO IT UP, HIP HOP(RBG mix)etc. Filler: Sellin d.o.p.e.. Bottom Line: Dead prez's mixtapes are better than most rappers mixtapes and albums if you want to take it that far. On some songs they use other people's beats like the late Aaliyah's I need a resolution and Black Rob's Whoa but they put their on positive spin on these track so Im okay with it. Both mixtapes by Dead Prez are strongly recommended by me as well as their albums."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Enya's richly chorded style has smitten me once again.  A little bit Gregorian, a lot Celtic, combined with a soft, well crafted execution, gives us a CD anyone can enjoy and relax with.  Enya performs all the instruments and vocals on the album.  Her vocal style is willowy and sweet, which blends with the synthesizer and piano accompaniment perfectly.This is great &quot;Hot Tub&quot; or massage music.  If you're not so lucky as to have both a tub and a masseuse available, just try a recliner with a glass of wine.  Enya has given us more great music, still with her unique perspective of flow and rhythm.  Her music remains timeless and fresh years after its release."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ok, first off, Enya rocks.  If you don't know that already, go buy her compilation album, Paint the Sky with Stars.  It will enlighten you.  If you already know how good she is and you aren't desperate to buy everything she's ever done, there is something wrong with you.All right, so maybe Enya isn't for everyone.  But you will likely appreciate her if you have ever been truly moved by a dreamy piece of music.  She is soft, soulfull, and dynamic.  And yeah, so her music all sounds the same, but when it's so good, how can you complain?Highlights from The Memory of Trees include &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;, &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot;, and &quot;On My Way Home&quot;."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I never thought Enya would reach the sublime heights of Evacuee or Marble Halls from 'Shepherd Moons.' 'The Celts, Watermark and Day...' were all pleasant and admirable throughout, but are less ambitious both lyrically and musically. But Hope Has a Place from 'Memory...' reaches those heights and beyond. It is Enya at her most inspirational and comforting. I'm actually glad that this song didn't get overexposed the way Only Time did. It makes it that much more special to all who own this album."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the third review of an irish album I write today (the others were Cranberries) and now I'm sure about that Ireland is one of the countries producing the best music in the world. And not just commercial pop-music in the Spice Girls way. Okay, I just wanted to say something about Irish  music. Now let's say something about this album. It's great. it's  beautiful. Very good, easy listened music. If you like Enya or you just  want some easy-listened relaxing music. This is the album for you to buy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is so hauntingly beautiful.  It reminds me of how the Celts and Druids would endow trees with human and other life characteristics.  Now...every time I prune a tree I expect it to say \"ouch!\", or when I walk by a tree I expect it to reach out to me.  Listening to this album, especially after consuming a quart or more of good Irish whiskey is a delight.  I remember trees and I am sure, after listening to this album, that they remember me also.  Definitely a buy!  Cuckoo ForCeltic"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I must say that while I truly love Enya's music, this album is my least favorite of all of hers.  It is good, don't get me wrong, but I do not feel as engrossed in the music on this one as I am in the other ones.  Ok, so maybe, Enya has bored me a bit this time, but some of the tunes are awfully good, such as, &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; and &quot;Anywhere Is.&quot;  So, I would never dismiss it as a poor pick, and I do feel that it is a valid Enya album.  It is full of beautiful songs (as is the case with all of her records), and the vocals are ethereal as always.  I would recommend it, though if I were you, I would let this be my first Enya experience, for the rest in the line, and those before it, are, to me, a little better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively \"Anywhere Is\", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, \"China Roses\" is the most delicately crafted song. However, \"Once You Had Gold\" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. \"On My Way Home\" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm an Enya fan, to be sure, and this CD offers a nice  &quot;mix&quot;,(for lack of a better word) of styles. &quot;Pax  Deorum&quot; with it's chilling Latin refrains. &quot;La Sonadora&quot;  having a Spanish torreador ballad feeling, and the absolutely beautiful  refrains in &quot;Athair Ar Seamh&quot; display her vocal and writing  talents. And who can deny that &quot;China Roses&quot; is one of the most  smooth,sweet vocal pieces to grace a CD?? The Memory of Trees is a stellar  Enya disc!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I started my Enya collection with The Celts, and quickly added Shepherd Moons and Watermark, and I really liked those.A few years later I got The Memory of Trees, and I was disappointed.  Although there were some good pieces on this, it really wasn't as good as those first three.  It seems that this just lacks originality.That might seem a bit unfair, because 'lack of originality' may be attributed primarily to my familiarity with Enya's music, so that anything she does is going to start sounding just like her previous work.  However, some of the selections on this release seemed weak.Another way of putting this is that this release was too commercial.  It just appeared to have been cranked out for the money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is positively one of the best albums ever released by Enya.  This album is filled with such powerful songs as 'Pax Deorum' and 'La Sonadora' that you will never want to listen to anything else.  From the very first song, 'The Memory of Trees', you will be enthralled and drawn by the music of this album.  These tunes are great to listen to when you are feeling down or sad, or pretty much any time.  These songs will captivate your heart with their powerful message and make you not want to let go or turn it off.I would suggest this album to any Enya fan right away, and even to those who have never heard Enya sing before.  You will get a great impression of her songs and be more interested to buy her other albums."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This CD is absolutley FANTASTIC!!! How can this woman do this over and over again?!?!?!?  This CD is relaxing, and I think the songs found this CD are like the day's intervals of a person's daily activities.  The song \"The Memory of Trees\" is like the arousal of a person from sleep, and greeting the morning sun or the welcoming of a spring rain.  The song sings of itself: a tree's memory of its youth.  Not ... only [do I]REALLY enjoy THIS song,  but I also enjoy the songs of \"Pax Deorum\", \"Althair Ar Neamh\", \"China Roses\", \"Hope Has a Place\", \"Tea House Moon\", and \"On My Way Home\".  This CD is absolutely relaxing, serene, and caliming to the tempestuous spirit.  I fall asleep with having visions as I am listening to this CD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought Flyleaf's CD over the weekend and just had to put up a comment about it.  I would not rate this CD my favorite that I have bought in the past year but I would certainly put it into the top, oh I don't know, 20.  It is a good CD having many good tracks on it, but listening to Fully Alive on the radio then buying the CD and listening to the entire CD, the CD was different than what I expected, so that could be altering my judgement on it.  There is a bit too much screaming on the first track and another on it, I don't remember which one.  Buy the CD because it is worth your money, just don't buy it because you really like Fully Alive because many of the songs on the CD are not like that song, they are a bit heavier than that.  A good CD overall and I will be buying their next CD coming out."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The CD itself is good, but not fantastic.  I just got back from seeing them play live, though, and whoa!  They played a small venue here and tore down the house.  They are extremely energetic, the music is crisp, and Lacey sounded (and looked) great.  I went because a friend of mine had an extra ticket, so I figured what the heck.  I was not disappointed.  The CD doesn't do the live show justice, and for that I give it 4 stars.  If they're coming to a place near you, though, definitely check them out."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I got the Flyleaf EP and after hearing that I wanted to get the CD. The songs are changed a lot from EP, but still good. At first they sounded worse since they had lot of added effects or such to the song. After getting use to them I ended up preferring the versions on this cd, but still would recommend for people who liked this cd (I would recommend even more if you sorta liked band) to get EP since it has different sound. The lyrics change a lot between some EP and normal versions off the songs, mainly I'm So Sick. The acoustics also change lyrics a bit, mainly Cassie. it's a good CD with lot of nice sounds, but many have a religious reference (some very directly)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "MeTalHeaD4Ever \"DEath\" pretty much hit the nail on the head. This sounds like Avril Lavigne and Evanescence mixed together, which isn't a good thing! The grating vocals have already been described. The lyrics are generic, nu-metal tripe. Cristina Scabbia could kill this new girl in singing and songwriting. The guitar consists of power chords and no soloing. Why have 2 guitarists if they do the same thing?! The bassist might as well just quit, since you can't hear him. The drums aren't special either.All Tracks: 0/10Avoid this garbage, and get Lacuna Coil's new CD instead."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I picked this up because the local radio station, 897powerfm.com, plays some of this bands songs on the air.  I LOVE this entire CD!  What GREAT vocals and lyrics!  I am a new fan of this band and I look forward to picking up their EP and future releases.The best way that I can think of to describe them is Broomtree vocals with Tree 63 or Benjamin Gate tunes.  The lead singer's voice is incredible, I admit that I like the fact that a woman can yell like that.This one is going on my MP3 player and on my review forum at [...]"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Flyleaf shows why they have consistency on the Billboard Album chart. Every song shows a passion that Lacey and the others have for the music. My favorites are \"All Around Me\" and \"Cassie\". I really love the acoustic version of \"Cassie\". Flyleaf displays their musical prowess by supplying acoustic versions of \"Fully Alive\", \"Red Sam\", \"Cassie\", \"I'm so sick\", and \"All around me\". If you haven't picked up this CD, pick it up. It is worth the money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Flyleaf has found quite a bit of success touring with bands like Deftones. Their lead singer is female, and she is tiny at that. But don't let that turn you off. This isn't another average girl fronted metal band, like Kittie. She is able to convey so much emotion into every song it is unbelievable. It is a very solid cd. No filler. I'm excited for their next one too, because I think they have tons more potential. I mean, they've already sold over 500,000 copies of this one, which is pretty darn good. I don't think that everyone will like them, though. But if you're looking for something different as far as vocals go, try them."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "You've got to love Lacey Mosley's voice.  As the diminutive frontwoman of Flyleaf, Mosley's vocal range is anything but.  She can wail with the best rock frontmen, blasting out lyrics of anger and confusion, and then quickly turn the tables and deliver something swooning and seductive.  She can hold your heart in her hand tenderly. Or crush it with a single squeeze.  Listen to \"All Around You\" and  \"I'm So Sick\" back to back and you'll catch my drift.  This eponymous debut, though plagued with many typically debut album problems, works more often than it doesn't, and showcases the group's potential."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My friend Melissa got me into Flyleaf just recently. Man have i been missing out!i absolutly love All Around Me and Sorrow, but the rest of the CD is worth a listen too. I also like There for you and Fully Alive. very powerful songs, with lyrics that arent just any old lyrics, you actually feel the emotions in these songs. Plus there are acoustic versions, a definete must.The dvd includes footage of the performances as well as the videos for I'M So Sick,Fully Alive and All Around Me. the videos are awesome. You like Flyleaf, get this!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "i saw flyleaf a few nights ago in baton rouge, they opened for cold (and 10 years did as well--awesome by the way).  i bought there album that night and listened to it the next day.  i was pretty impressed with the album.  i see most people say the EP is better than the LP--i may buy the EP because i like harder music.  but the band is great (lacey's vocals are unique and pretty pleasing, but the band is just AWESOME--very catchy music!!).  all in all, flyleaf's debut album is a pretty good buy (i got it for $10 and its well worth it), and i recommend it.  Hopefully this isnt the last we've heard from the group, and hopefully they continue to grow and make even better music in the future!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Skillets previous albums \"Alien Youth\" and \"Collide\" was very catchy and wellperformed records with lots of emotion ,heaviness and melody but with this they have really set a huge landmark in the world of alternative rock. \"Comatose\" is packed to the limit with huuuge choruses and emotional lyrics mixed with huge string arrangements and crunchy postgrunge guitars! The biggest surprise of the year?! Skillet is definetely nominated!! =)Wonder if their next record could be better.....hardly bigger anyway!! ;)Thumbs up guys!! (and girls)Highlights: Rebirting, The Last Night, Say Goodbye"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've been a pan-head since album 1 and I've really enjoyed seeing how skillet has evolved over the years.  This is an excellent and rocking album, first and foremost, and the talent is undeniable.  Anyone who's familiar with Skillet won't deny their passion for God and the human race that He loves, so if you're Christian, don't be put off just because you don't hear \"God\" or \"Jesus\" in the songs.  Without having to say the words, God is there.  This album touches on relationships, person to person and God to man.  It's about reaching out, being there for someone or needing someone to be there for you.  It's about figuring out the hard stuff, finding hope, finding life.  I'm very impressed by this album, musically and spiritually.  I can't believe it would be a disappointment to anyone.  Happy listening! :)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Most bands seem to peak with their first, second, maybe third album. Well, it took Skillet a decade (and I don't know how many albums later) to produce a truly great album. Here, finally, is the mature, creative, talented Skillet that's been waiting to bloom, separating them from the mass of mediocre Christian grunge-metal bands out there. Yes, this album is a little more polished and has greater pop-sensibility than their previous work, but it's entirely for the good. From beginning to end, this album does not disappoint. They truly should get mainstream play with this album. It's hard to pick favorite tracks, but I would point you to \"The Older I Get\" and \"Those Nights,\" plus, of course, the fantastic first single, \"Rebirthing.\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been a longtime skillet fan, and i am so shocked by all the reviews for this album. Ever since Skillet got a tad bit of mainstream success a few years ago, i have been so over this band.But when I heard Rebirth, I became interested in Skillet again. But when I bought this album, I quickly got tired of them again. John Cooper (Lead Singer) is married to keyboardist (Korey Cooper) and yet the album is all about broken relationships. So does that mean that the married couple is having trouble and just staying together for the band or what. I am so confused by that, and then I remembered if anyone christian band wants to be a secular artist it is Skillet, and I just figured they're trying to be more mainstream.If anyone knows anything about the Skillet history, you know that they just keep jumping from genre to genre and this guy here won't buy into it again."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Let me start off by saying this album is absolutley amazing!!!! There are no fillers here. Every single song could be released as a single! I highly recommend this album to all lovers of Christian rock. This album defintley ties with there 2004 album \"Collide\" for there best album yet. Skillet is really the best christian rock band out there hands down! From the very moment you hear the first track and single \"Rebirthing,\" you'll be left absolutley speechless and amazed at how wonderful and breathtaking it is.  It will suddenly make a christian remember the first time they accepted Jesus Christ into there life as Lord and Savior, and became a new creation and are now living for love just as he did.So please do yourself a favor and buy this now! You won't be disappointed by any means!! Skillet continues to deliver great awesome Christian rock tunes with each album and this album continues that. BUY NOW!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a worship arts pastor in Pennsylvania. Normally, on an album like this. I am able to find 3 or 4 songs that I really like or really think would work well in our worship services. On this album, for the first time, I am having a very hard time finding even one or two that WOULDN'T work well in our services.Chris is a very gifted songwriter, the band it tight, the sound is great. Whether just listening, using for your own private worship, or using as a resource for a church... It's a SERIOUS winner!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Derek is one of the best keyboardists.  This is some of his best work.  However, I enjoy his work with Dream Theater, and Planet X better.  The whole slew of musicians that play on this album doesn't really impress me.  Um Derek, how is it that you can only get one song or so out of each of these musicians?  Anyway, if you want to know who the greatest musicians are in the biz today, this album is a good introduction to them."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I really liked Mythology and Black Utopia, though the engineering / mix on BU was poor. But this album is even worse. Musically it goes no where. Almost like he was trying to copy previous attempts but ran out of ideas. The \"Featuring Billy Idol and Slash\" thing is an absolute joke. Some how he got these guys to do an absolutely horrible version of In The Summertime. It's so bad it's hard to believe any one would put it on a CD other than to draw attention and sales from the names. Too bad, I had higher expectations from this guy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Derek Sherinian's latest \"Blood Of The Snake\" is an extremely enjoyable listen if you like guitar, keyboards, drums and bass. I am a huge fan of drummer Simon Phillips and I'm continuously amazed that after decades of playing with all the best musicians he still plays with such amazing punch and energy. He is an excellent jazz drummer and a powerful and complex rock drummer. My favorite track is \"Man With No Name\" where Zakk Wylde displays intense guitar work. I also enjoyed hearing Derek and John Petrucci perform together on the first track - man! that track rocks ferosciously! The entire CD is top-notch performances by everyone involved. Maybe not as great as \"Mythology\" which I consider to be his best work, but every bit well-worth owning and listening to. Enjoy the best!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "King Crimson uses part of the rock language ( with the instrumentation ) but adds something extra that makes the listener uneasy . The music is similar to their first album in that there are heavy songs put together with much lighter toned ones .Though I like the album a lot , it's not one I listen to for pleasure . If you were driving at night and were lost , this would not be the music to have playing .Beacuse a lot of the music is instrumental , the listener can conjure up mental images .It is intense and I recommend you hear it first before buying ."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was exploring whether any album could come close to In The Court of the Crimson King after being completely disillusioned by groups like Fever Tree following their similarly near-perfect 1st album.  Same with Led Zeppelin, but that's another story.Of course it is not as good but immediately following the Crimson King album in a party setting with the sub-woofer on, it flowed together quite well.  Now I have to go exploring further as I did with Quicksilver Messenger Service until I had 8 albums, to see if there's another group to collect and study.  It looks promising."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, let me slam the guy who gave this one star because it has too much dynamic range. Note: I am a professional recording engineer and trust me....dynamic range is GOOD. Most pop albums are compressed to the point of being unmusical. Okay, end of rant. Now on to this disc: King Crimson is one of the best bands ever to make music, and this is one of their best CDs. We can argue whether it's THE best or one of the top three, but come on, we're splitting hairs here. If you are open to challenging and wondrous music, buy this. Now. I mean it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Just from the title you can tell this is going to be a little different from your average Rock & Roll excursion. And different it is. Is this even Rock? Well whatever it is, I like it. This is probably my favorite KC album, although \"In the Court\" and \"Starless and Bible Black\" are barking at its heels. I don't think words can convey the sound of this album so you'll just have to listen to it, but be forewarned, it is not for everybody. If you tend to like the Top 40 stuff off the radio you may want to take a pass on this one. If you tend to be a bit more adventurous might I suggest a darkened room, an easy chair, and the volume cranked rather high. Herbal supplements are optional."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The trouble with trying to remember why you liked something 40 years ago is the context of the time is missing. While sonically this reissue is fine the music itself doesn't stand up to the test of time very well and is the reason I give only 3 stars. Maybe its my fault for not trying to get a copy of the music before buying (my original album has been long lost to history) but it seems very dated. The music lacks coherence and a feeling that the sound has an overall goal or purpose. This could be just me and others who remember this album fondly may be very satisfied, but for me this was one I should have skipped."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Welcome to KC, Mr. Bruford and Mr. Muir! The sometimes harsh percussion excursions on this album make for a truly unique experience. This album stands alone in the entire catalogue of KC material. Nowhere else is the use of percussion so thouroughly investigated than on &quot;Larks' Tongues in Aspic.&quot; From the maddening shifts in ferocity in the title track to the Pink Floyd-ish &quot;Easy Money&quot;, the two percussionists take center stage. I truly wish that Jamie Muir would've stayed on just a bit longer with KC; the material on &quot;Red&quot; and &quot;Starless and Bible Black&quot; seem eerily empty without his presence. Later in KC's exitence, when Pat Mostello joined the soon to depart Bill Bruford on drums (the &quot;Thrak&quot; LP), it seemed that indeed the members themselves yearned for the tight percussives of &quot;LTIA.&quot; The effort was too little, too late.Regardless, this album is possibly one of the best of the KC output. It is a must have."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am listening to it right now. KC doesn't compromise. They are the Wagner of rock.Buy this and the complete King Crimson catalogue. If you don't like it, one of your grandkids will. Like lots of great music, King Crimson isn't appropriately revered in its time. One day, you'll be able to walk into any bar and there will always be least one Crimhead in the room.Music is my life. The music I am most passionate about is King Crimson.KC forever!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "So much of what is classfied as 'prog rock' is showing its age, and time has not been kind. This opus by the ever- mutable King Crimson only sounds better with the passage of time, and it's taken me years to fully appreciate what Fripp and co achieved with this unusual collection. For someone accustomed to the melodic progressions of Pink Floyd and (occasionally) Yes, LTIA came as a rude shock with its abrupt dynamic shifts and uneasy mixture of delicacy and brute force. This is 20th century contemporary music par excellence, and is undoubtedly an acquired taste. Stick with it, and approach without expectations. This is the greatest example of that much maligned and often misunderstood genre called 'Prog'"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "With completely new personnel (aside from founding member Robert Fripp), a new lyricist and a new attitude, King Crimson returned with a vengeance on this, their fifth U.S. album. Adopting a heavier, more streamlined approach, the Fripp/Wetton/Bruford/Cross/Muir line-up sizzles like a volcano ready to explode. Gone are the gentle cellos and woodwinds of the previous LP, Islands - replaced with Cross' searing violin, Muir's eccentric purcussion and Fripp sounding heavier than ever on guitar. The mellotron is understated, while Wetton's bass thunders and Bruford manages the syncopated arrangements beautifully on drums. Highlights include the title cut (parts one and two), Exiles and the plaintive Book Of Saturdays. This album is considered the strongest post-In The Court Of The Crimson King album by the band (and really can't be compared to that album, as this is basically a completely different band - with similarities in name only)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This latest version of Larks Tongues is so close to the 30th anniversary version in how it sounds that I almost have to say I don't hear a difference. I know, all of you Crimson folks out their are just a rabid as all of you Gentle Giant fans reading this. If it's a new version you MUST have it. NO Choice. Well I can say that I did notice a huge difference when I listened to the 5.1. That is where this release really shines. Get it for that and the videos. You have NO choice!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Larks Tongues in Aspic is the third King Crimson album you should buy (RedandIn the Court of the Crimson Kingshould be your first and second purchase, in that order). This album features the classic Crimson tune \"Easy Money,\" as well as the two part \"Larks Tongues in Aspic.\" Like most Crimson albums, each track is rather lengthy, with the exception of the short (2:56) \"Book of Saturdays.\" This can only be a good thing, since there's more music to love. I highly recommend this album for any progressive rock fan, or for anyone exploring the King Crimson experience."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My first review of this album focused on the inaccessiblity of the music on this album to the average listener.  However, since, then, I've listened to the album enough to appreciate the depth and genius.  I will hold to my recommendation that this perhaps is not the best place for those uninitiated to King Crimson, but if you give this album a try, you will be rewarded.  It took a while for this album to click with me, but once it did I immediately started adding KC discs to my collection. Prog rock at it's finest from the John Wetton era.I would recommend listening to this album for the first time on a warm spring day, lying on your sofa, with the windows open enough to catch the scent of spring on the air, and to hear the sounds of the birds."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a treasure mostly because the sound is unique to anything you will hear. No other artist will be able to imitate this sound, and even this very band, in any other lineup, couldn't imitate the sound. And it is definitely a cool sound.This is a great album to introduce yourself to King Crimson. The sound is very accessible, but remaining extremely experimental and artistic.The whole thing has a very dark and sinister tone to it, which definitely adds to the value of the music in my opinion.The album definitely isn't for everyone, and may put you in a weird mood if you listen to it too many times, or for too long, but I cannot deny that this is a class album.Also, don't judge the album solely by the samples that are provided on any website. :)The songs change quite a bit throughout."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "OK, Here's the rundown - LTiA1 is pretty cool, although it runs a bit too long in my opinion.  Book of Saturday is an agreeable little tune with very nice vocals.  Exiles will remind you of the first couple o' KC  albums.Easy Money is similar to &quot;Cat Food&quot; and &quot;Ladies of  the Road,&quot;  The Talking Drum is pretty much a complete waste of space,  and finally LTiA2 is one of the best rock and roll tunes in exsitence and  is pretty much worth the price of the CD alone.&quot;Red&quot;,  &quot;Discipline&quot;, and &quot;The ConstruKction of Light&quot; are all  better KC CD's, but if you're a fan this is definitely worth the purchase."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The second great version of King Crimson.  They came out of the box strong here, all members contributing brilliantly in some relatively equivalent proportion.  Robert Fripp has characterized his intention on some of the pieces as wanting to combine the passion you hear in African-American music and in Jimi Hendrix with aspects of the European tradition (precision and symmetry in composition) ala Stravinsky - he and the band actually did that here.  Music doesn't get much better than this.Larks' Tongue 1 &amp; 2, and Easy Money, fit the bill I've just described.  They are crafted, played, and recorded brilliantly.  &quot;Talking Drum&quot; is an effective jam, a study in rhythm and dissonance.  &quot;Book of Saturdays&quot; and &quot;Exiles&quot; are vocal ballads - I can actually live without them.  But that doesn't diminish the album, which is a real undereheard classic."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well worth it for people who like interesting rock music. A grower, it might take a few listens. Bruford left Yes to join crimson, it seems like a good move because he can show his talents more. Apparently this album was a bit of a nightmare to record. Larks part 2 rocks hard and the tune was used in a film.  There's lots of interesting pecussion tricks and good bass playing. Robert Fripp steals the show with his Easy Money guitar showcase. Some nice ballads and long instrumentals too. Worth getting. thank you"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like the other Crimson reissues, this hits the mark perfectly. There really isn't more you could ask for. You get a remixed album, bonus tracks, original mix, DVD-Audio, audio DVD-Video and video. Again, the content on the DVD seems to go on forever and I still haven't finished exploring.  Having both formats is good because almost no-one has DVD-Audio, although it's obviously great if you do - I don't, sadly. Steve Wilson does a great job with this project, an album often upheld as the band's finest hour.  I like many of the early albums but I also get why it's so esteemed.  First impressions of the 5.1 mix are that it's fantastic, although I know that this is a matter of opinion in most cases. Crimson fans need it, casual listeners should get a single disc version."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If celebrated film director Ed Wood (Plan 9 From Outer Space) made an album, it would sound like this.  The Transformed Man by William Shatner isn't flawed or ill-conceived, it's perfectly dreadful, reaching sublime and awe-inspiring new heights of schlock.  Each passing minute finds listeners recoiling in astonishment as they struggle to believe their ears. This  smorgasbord of embarrassing implausibility and pompousness is only possible through the offices of Shatner's hideously bloated ego which has blinded him to the project's breathtaking stupidity.  If the phrase, \"So bad it's good,\" is in your lexicon, The Transformed Man just might be your guy.  (Warning: Do Not Operate Heavy Equipment While Listening To This CD.)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There is no possible way you can give this a one star review for its awfulness, because there's just no point. You absolutely have to give it 4 or 5 stars on its entertainment value alone. I, like millions of others, grew up watching Star Trek, but I would recommend that people become attached to Captain Kirk before listening to this puppy, because you will either cringe or throw yourself off a bridge if you listen to 'The Transformed Man' and then watch Star Trek. It'll just ruin everything. Now I must say Shatner wasn't quite as bad as he seems with the poetry filler, but I just listened to this album a month ago and haven't stopped laughing. Trust me, with 'Mr. Tambourine Man' and 'Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds' in your life, done in the drunk-as-hell Shatner style, you'll live longer."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When the word \"wrongheaded\" was coined, it was in order to describe this record.  At first boring, but then, funny and funnier and funnier... !!  What?  What...?  What...???  Ohmigod this is so greatly BAD !!!  I nearly spray painted my draught of wine again and again listening to this... this... this... ...this... and then this gets boring again... and then suddenly hilarious again !!  You will be SHATNERED by this record!  I LOVE William Shatner's 2004 album \"HAS BEEN\" which is a wonderful, contrite listen.  It is without doubt overshadowed and informed by this unique recording.  There would not be \"HAS BEEN\" if there was no \"TRANSFORMED MAN,\" but I must confess, now a late-era Shatner fan, that this record is beyond embarrassing and enters the realm of UNREAL.  THANK YOU BILL !!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Here on CD we have the \"legendary\" album by William Shatner.  You may have heard his ridiculous renditions of \"Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds\" and \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" on theGolden Throatsalbum.  Actually, both of those songs are excerpts of medleys, with \"Lucy\" being paired with a monologue fromCyrano de Bergerac, and \"Tambourine Man\" being paired with an obscure poem called \"Spleen\".  See, the idea was to show Shatner's acting range by having him play two different emotions on the same track.  Of course, this being Bill Shatner, he overacts every emotion.  This is a terrible album, but it is the Holy Grail for collectors of bad celebrity recordings."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Shatner has said he knew he was being absurd when he made this, but I don't believe it for a second. I am convinced he thought he was being suave and interesting when he made this. Well, this is why IT IS so fantastic. It's the corniest record an actor ever made. When I first heard Mr. Tamborine Man I laughed long and hard...especially at the end when he screams so dramatically.Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds features Shatner sounding pained with indigestion, or drunk, as he delivers the lyrics to the Beatle classic. You can hear him smiling to himself in &quot;It was a very good year.&quot;Shatner doesn't sing so much as speak the lyrics to the songs he covers just like with the recent Best Buy commercials. Anyway, this would be a great &quot;bad&quot; gift to give someone. Shatner!! ...What a bloated cornball."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Borrowing a term Maddox once used, this album is an aural holocaust. The reason to buy this is to laugh at how terrible it is. While other more musically talented men avoided the problems of turning such classic rock songs as \"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds\" into spoken word, Shatner attacked them...and then failed miserably. Surprisingly his music is possibly even more overdramatized than his acting and has unnatural melody-killing pauses for effect embedded throughout each song. It prevents casual listening or just enjoyable listening other than for comedic purposes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love this album, but from a purely technical perspective I have to admit it lies somewhere in between spoken word, a vegas cover act, and torture. It's awful, but hysterically awful.Shatner can't sing either. However, like Plan 9 from Outer Space, it's so nonsensical, it borders on great. I mean really, who thought setting up the theme from Cyrano and Mr. Tambourine Man as a medley was a good idea? His Mr. Tambourine Man is the most hysterically awful cover. Ever. The arrangement sounds like Mr. Tambourine Man does broadway, constipated.Spend the dollar."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Much debate has stemmed from this album - was Shatner playing a great practical joke on his fans or was he actually serious in reinterpreting the pop hits of the day to get his credentials in the Peace & Love Generation? Either way this is hilarious, and manages to be my favorite outsider recording aside from The Shaggs' \"Philosophy of the World\". Shatner's stone-cold emotionless renditions of \"Lucy In the Sky With Diamonds\" and \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" are cult favorites for good reason, and remain the most popular tracks off this album. However, the rest of the LP is just as classic. The good thing about William Shatner is that nowadays he realizes he IS William Shatner, and can look back at this ablum and enjoy it (I have yet to hear his new recording \"Has Been\"). One of the greatest mysteries in popular culture is wether this is a conceptual comedy masterpeice or a serious attempt at something meaningful. Either way, its a must-buy for fans of camp and kitsch."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This candid, lovingly made 1977 tribute to the Kirov strivers who make big sacrifices to attend the legendary training ground of Balanchine is a sheer delight, both aesthetically and narratively, letting us peer into a highly disciplined world of pure art where expectations are high and the weight of tradition almost oppressive. With Grace Kelly's warm, vivid narration providing the context and translations, we watch as 20 students out of 1000 are carefully selected according to predetermined physical requirements, then spend close to a decade mastering their dance skills. You can't help feeling anxiety and then excitement watching one graduating ballerina make her heart-fluttering debut on the Kirov stage after months of punishing practice. \"Street\" is a tremendously enjoyable, behind-the-scenes look at greatness in the making."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ananiashvili has the confidence that comes from knowing that she does not have to compromise with the laws of physics.  The rest of the company-- and I dare say the orchestra (it's Japanese)-- is not world class but good enough, but it is the prima ballerina \"natural\"  who rates five stars.  (Rothbart actually bops Odette on the noodle accidentally with his hand in Act 3.)  Particularly noteworthy are Ananiashvili's beautiful long arms, which undulate like fronds in subtle undersea currents.  She understands her characters, stays in character, and is charismatic.  See also her vivacious performance in Don Quixote."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought the VHS and subsequently DVD of this performance because of Nina.To me,she is currently the most accomplished classical ballet dancer.( hopefully she does not retire soon ).She has solid foot-works and always dances with great confidence.Her upper torso is so soft and expressive.This performance is of no difference.The only criticism I have is that the recording/video quality is not the best I've seen.It's ashamed that none of her performances of full length ballet at the ABT was recorded.That would have left us with important documents of what great classical ballet dancing should be.Brava Nina."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've dreaded writing this review, as to do it justice I would have had to spend several hours writing down all the wondrous nuances of orchestration, choreography, dance by both principals and corps, as well as the superb videography to do it justice.  To take the lazy man's way out, let me just summarize that in 60 years of viewing this ballet, both in person and in recordings, this is the most enjoyable and artistically perfect of any I have seen.  In particular, not wishing to take away anything from my love for Maya Plisetskaya, I think Yulia Makhalina is far and away the best Odette/Odile of any I have viewed.  This is the video I would show first to anyone who has not yet discovered the wonders of ballet."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I guess my main concern with this film is that it plays out far more like a concert special than a documentary.  While watching Janis Joplin sing with all the soul and heart needed to sell practically anything is a delight, I really wanted more insight into who she was as an artist and as a human being.  Instead I was merely shown a few short interviews spliced between concert performances.  There is no depth here, unless you read between the lines of her music (which tells a very strong story and yet just isn&#8217;t enough here).  If you want to experience her music, raw and unfiltered then I suggest seeking this out, but if you want a true documentary on the life and times of Janis Joplin then you are going to be disappointed here."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an entertaining video - I was delighted to see the concert clips of Janis singing. I'm glad someone was recording her singing live in concert; it truly shows the powerful and passionate performer that she was.  However, I came away with the feeling that deep inside, Janis was really a sad person despite her success and free-spirit. This is evident in the interview at her high school reunion. One can also tell in the various interview clips whether she was on something, drunk, or straight.Janis was truly a unique and gifted yet tormented woman who, to this date, no other singer can surpass. She embodied the spirit of the 60's and there will never be another like her. It's such a shame she died so young."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Janis contains footage any Janis Joplin fan will appreciate. There are roughly a dozen killer live performances that really show how she belted out that emotion, including songs performed at Woodstock, Monterey Pop, and  the Dick Cavett Show. There are also alternate versions of a few songs,  such as a slightly different &quot;Summertime&quot;. You get a glimpse into  the recording studio and even get to see clips from her ten-year high  school reunion. This video is worth every penny, especially since video of  Janis Joplin seems so scarce... all that I have found is Monterey Pop VHS,  Janis VHS, and the Woodstock DVD. Technically, I guess I could also count  American Pop."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Amazing live performances captured on film are the reason to see to see this.The interviews with Janis don't reveal much, and there's no real sense of her history. Even the stage stuff is shot pretty straightforwardly, but, man-o-man could she sing!One wonderful thing is that a lot of the numbers are uncut, allowed to go their full length, which, with Janis in concert, could easily be 8 minutes or more. The power, the emotion, the energy, the sexiness, the sweet sense of fun she brought to the stage could only be hinted at on her albums. For those reasons it's more than worth sitting through the slightly homogenized off-stage material.It awful to think that this is essentially unavailable.  Time for a decent DVD re-release!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Pack up the Plantation documents Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers \"Southern Accents\" tour. This video was recorded at the same shows as the album, the set list between the video and album do varey a bit though. Having the album Pack up the Plantation, I really enjoy it, so I figured I would buy the video. Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers put on a great show! I've never seen them live,but know when I get the chance to go to one of their concerts I will. This a band that always plays great and sounds in top form. Even though this video is a pricey buy, I recommend it to all Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers fans, and to all rock and roll fans in general."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Good show from Tom and the boys (and girls).  The video itself is dark but it is 25 years old.  It's still very entertaining.  Also very nice to watch a concert video where they film the band much more than the crowd.  I don't buy concert videos to watch the crowds.  Besides the darkness I only have two other complaints, having a pre-teen and a teen I could do without the off-color word used a few times (f---).  Number 2 why do they have to roll the ending credits over the last song?  Couldn't they have waited until the concert was over?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As a life-long TP fan, with reservations regarding some of the slightly obvious material, I bought this video when it came out.  Then lost it so some git who borrowed it and didn't return it.  Hard to get another copy in the UK, but it seems it is still around in the States.  It's kind of curious to watch a concert which occured before half the material played live these days was written - pre Wilburys, pre Full Moon Fever, pre Wildflowers.  Consequently it's a concert that Stan Lynch would presumably have approved of - Tp &amp; The H at their goodtime jangling finest.  It's as good as I remembered it, and my memory of it is the reason I've spent the last 10 years looking out for a new copy. Either it's very good or I'm an anorak.  Take your pick...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Deuter: try the soundtrack for the tunes cut short by the movie..five discs have all the movie stuff plus all the extra's.The movie itself is awesome. I've been waiting for years...my Laserdisc version holding me over until this fabulous release. The remaster with the improved sound is excellent and the extra stuff is a great bonus. David Lemieux (dead archivist) promises that they'll be more to come from this set of historic '74 Winterland \"farewell\" shows.P.S., the Dead wanted to document the ENTIRE Dead Head concert experience so all the audience coverage was deemed necessary as it aint a show without the Heads!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "my man, Norman, turned me on to the Dead. we have this movie and it is sooooo cool! if you are a fan, you must have it!Jerry produced this and made it, hired cameramen etc. and did it. shows back stage stuff, set up, the concerts, the hippies and fans in the crowd. experience a Dead concert - watch this movie - 'cause you sure can't go see the Dead in concert like this anymore. (Jerry is gone, sniff)a real cool experience - for sure. Dead-heads - buy it. curious? buy it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Everything is wrong in the disaster as all the charm, sadness and drama of this classic is gone. Charlotte should be a hairy spider with a Lucille LaVerne type voice, not a gorgeous arachnid with Miss Reynold's soothing tones. This is a story of friendship and self-sacrifice which is totally missing. And the tragic death of Charlotte, which is the highlight of the story, is simply glossed over. Along with The Cat in the Hat and The Grinch , Charlotte's Web is one of a trio of worst children's films of all time."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I loved this movie when I was little and so do my children.  A lot of reviewers have complained about death being a theme, but I disagree about that being a bad thing.  Death is a very real part of the world and kids shouldn't be sheltered from it.  I don't let my kids watch blood and guts movies, but the spider's very natural death is something I have no problem with.I also really love the music in this movie.  The songs range from fun to poignant.  I still know them all by heart from my own childhood."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If your kids love classic animated movies, without any computer effects, and too many intense scenes, then buy 'Charlotte's Web'!Debbie Reynolds are the charming and wise spider Charlotte, that saves the young pig Wilbur's life, Wilbur is perfectly voiced by Henry Gibson, all the songs gives the kids many lessons, just like all the songs in 'Land Before Time' do, the animation is not getting up beside Disney, but if you like old fashioned cartoons, 'Charlotte's Web' is a must have for all ages!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "for whatever reason with CHARLOTTES WEB it hasen't been digitally restored.this movie is just as good as any disney movie.but hasn't got the same treatment as one of their animated features,i don't knowwhy.i normally prefer the widesgreen versions of most movies but in the case of this original classic i believe the full screen is better its clearer and brighter.so until this movie gets a well deserved digital clen up full screen it is. the movie is as wonderful as ever great story for children of all ages.great music and a wonerful family film. the original classic dates back to 1972 but surpasses the 2006 live action nick remake."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is not a Disney cartoon so the look is different.  But the level of animation is fine and isn't even noticeable because the video itself is so good.The story, song, and voice talents are extraordinary and this film easily gets 5 stars.  Any cartoon that has Debbie Reynolds, Paul Lynde, Henry Gibson, Dave Madden, Danny Bonaduce, and Agnes Moorehead has got to be top notch.  The music is also well done.  And of course the story from E. B. White is one of the classics.Kids and adults alike watch and rewatch this in my home and I recommend it highly for your video library.  Nothing objectionable at all in the film.  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I recently went rug shopping for my new house.  I got bored and let my mom and aunt do the rest.  So I went to the movie corner and other than this, was not able to find any thing that wasn't disney, wee sing, or barney.  But this was the top.  It was full of songs, animation, and music, which held interest not only of children, but of adults as well.  I'm nineteen years old and discovered it when I was 4.Charlotte was spoken by Debbie Reynolds.  She played Cathy in &quot;Singing in the Rain.&quot;  I began to wish Debbie was in the room with me.  I want to meet her someday.I hope that Paramount pictures decides to do a drama re-make of it like they did of Stuart Little.Enjoy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The singing is great, with Scotto at top. Scotto acts as I've never seen her before and Domingo isn't bad in that either.  Levine's orchestral work is the best of his that I've heard.  The camera work is excellent too, with  almost flawless composition.But what sets this opera apart is the  passion and emotion binding these elements and its principals together,  rendering it much more than the sum of its parts.Yes, I thought that in  Act I they hadn't really gotten into yet, I wouldn't have minded a bit more  lushness from the orchestra, and the VHS sound is definitely no CD, but no  matter for a performance like this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Some of the reviewers here dont understand this DVD,It starts off saying it's a Docu-Drama and that says it right.  It pretends to be a interview of two outragious guy's living in a strange place.The interviews are comedy sketches and pretty funny.The Paul Stanley mansion is sorta like the Playboy mansion with hot babes are around and Gene Simmons libes upstairs and it's large and gothic, very good writing, it's more like a well made low budget movie with music videos inserted in.Speaking of videos, there is a good stock of videos included from the mid 80's to the early make-up performances. Some of the videos are \"Tears are Falling\", \"Lick it Up\", \"I Love it Loud\", \"All Hells Breaking Loose\", Heavens on Fire\", \"Beth\" and more.A+ video, get it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "KISS EXPOSED is hilariously funny! Gene and Paul give funny interviews throughout, and the videos are awesome! The half-naked girls through the video are expected in a lifestyle like this, and even the reporter gets a little involved at one point!  My favorite videos from it are \"Lick It Up,\" \"Tears are Falling,\" and \"Heaven's On Fire.\" It was interesting seeing the temporary guitar players, Vinnie Vincent and Mark St. John. I was rather disappointed that they hardly focused on Eric Carr and Bruce Kulick. Simmons and Stanley provide almost all the talking in this video, and discuss the band's history as well as crack jokes and do all kinds of things to annoy the camera crew! It love it when Stanley puts Root Beer in his Bran Flakes!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "At least this release has a semblance of production to it.The greatest moments are the Classic KISS footage, and not the throw away non-makeup material. It has taken KISS 20 years to realise that the best and most lucrative material is the out and out concert footage, with all of the blasting phantasmagoria that is the original KISS.This video comes close to that original fantasy in some of the scripted material, but falls flat on oh too many ways, however, just before it goes through the floor, it gets rescued by another classic clip.There definitely should have been more of Eric Carr in the Video, but not of Bruce Kulick. However, the original is still the best, and that footage is why I give this disc 5 stars. Unfortunately it would still be better in the bootleg version, but its nice to have the Authorised version. Pity they cannot do more releases of the Classic and Re-united KISS ( However short lived that fabulous fanatasy was)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This concert was filmed during Priest's 1986 Fuel For Life Tour in support of their &#34;Turbo&#34; album.  That album is certainly more commercial than nearly anything Priest had done before that time and that turned off a lot of die-hard fans.  However, according to the large crowd of fans shown on this video, that did not keep the fans away from catching the Metal Gods live.  The concert is a lot of fun to watch and a great snapshot of what it was like to attend a heavy metal concert in the mid-1980's.  You get the poofy hair, explosions, high energy, giant robot, and, of course, great tunes.  The band seem to be having a great time playing and the fans obviously love it.  They play a good mix of older songs and newer songs.  This may not be the definitive Priest concert film to watch but it is certainly a lot of fun."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Whether you're a Pink Floyd fan or a David Gilmore fan, or just a fan of great music, this concert should be on your must have list. It's simply a magnificent display of artistic ability from David Gilmore. From acoustic to electric guitar, from old Pink Floyd songs to new Gilmore tunes, he covers it all masterfully. The supporting band is tight and what a pleasure to actually see a cellist jamming along with David and the band. If you like great music with equally great lyrics, then stop reading this and buy the DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Today is my 50th birthday and I treated myself to a great show of David Gilmour. Yeah, I'm getting older and so is David. But I'm so tired of my Pink Floyd CDs, and this great DVD allows both myself and Floyd to age gracefully. These versions are actually fresh to hear and to see. And the biggest treat for me was when David brought fellow Pink Floyd member Richard Wright up on the stage to sing a beautiful version of his song Breakthrough from his Broken China CD of 1996. So far as I know this is Rick's only performance of his solo work. Too bad! But at least we have this one song to cherish. And also along for the show: Floyd saxophonist Dick Parry. It's just Gilmour and Parry opening the show with a spare but beautiful Shine On You Crazy Diamond. It's a wonderfully intimate show, beautifully filmed and recorded. Every Floyd fan should have this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "For Pink Floyd and David Gilmour fans out there, a note of caution: this concert has no lasers, no pyrotechnics, and no giant inflatable pigs. In fact, there's just David Gilmour, his acoustic guitar, and a few musicians. Nevertheless, the scaled down sound works for this selection of Pink Floyd songs, some covers, and a (surprisingly) few Dave Gilmour solo pieces. The additional performers - a cellist, an oboist, a small choir, and a pianist, among others - help lend a fresh feeling to the old Floyd standards, but it's the covers and solo pieces such as &quot;Hushabye Mountain&quot; and &quot;Smile&quot; that really shine. &quot;Je Crois Entendre Encore,&quot; from a Bizet opera, and the Richard Wright song &quot;Breakthrough&quot; (featuring the artist himself on piano and vocals) are worth the price of the disc alone, but if you need more there are some good extras and bonus songs to add icing to the cake."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Different, but outstanding nonetheless.  This is simply great music performed by a legend and a group of excellent musicians.  The versions of old (and not so old) classics are performed in an \"Unplugged\" fashion that enhances the essence of each composition.  I could not have enjoyed this concert more.  However, my only complain is that it was to short (that is why I rated it 4 stars instead of 5).....it seems to be a compilation of songs from a much larger set.  Don't be put by this though, this is a fantastic concert DVD.  The sound is fantastic and the widescreen anamorphic image is detailed and full of color.  I wholeheartedly congratulate the person, or persons that decided to release this DVD in widescreen anamorphic, nowadays, it is the only way to go.  Thank you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Looks like David wanted to get away from the Floyd Pomp that began after their success with the Dark Side of the Moon and carried them into a marketing hodge podge of pretense such as floating animals and the like.A good selection of songs played surprisingly on Electric-Acoustic guitar which he seems to favour. He has an excellent back-up band and brings many of the Floyd songs down to earth.Quite a nice set but could have been longer. Wish You Were Here and several other classics have nice rendering with an excellent bassist. A nice guest appearance by Richard Wright. It is a shame as far I know he did not tour his solo album which may be the better of all the PF solo CD's. David Gilmour's willingness to give way to Richard Wright for one of his numbers and his excellent Guitar on it is a highlight.All in all a very good Live Performance."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I know I am gonna offend a lot of Gilmore fans, but let's face it, Roger Waters at least has been keeping physcially fit.  The first thing that came to mind when I viewed this was, \"Gilmore has really let himself go.\"  It looks like he has spent his free time eating donuts, ice cream, pasta and McDonalds.  And to add insult to injury, he plays wearing an old shabby t-shirt.I mean, if you are bloated and overweight, try to at least compensate and put on a decent shirt.  It is painful looking at his grimace through his fat face.  David, I respect your talents as a guitar God, but please get in shape or your gonna die early and not fully appreciate what you have accomplished in life."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I remember this concert well...but as they say of the '60s, if your can remember it you weren't there. I was a teen back then (September 1981) and like most of the hundreds of thousands of others there I was smoking myself a \"J\". Me and a friend got a good place as everyone packed in hours before the show. Then I had to take a leak. Unfortunately it took an hour of stepping over a mass of stoned people to find somewhere to go, and as the concert started I gradually found my way back.Mrs. Robinson starts it off. Then Homeward Bound, America, Me and Julio, Scarborough Fair, April Come She Will, Still Crazy, Late in the Evening, and it ends with Old Friends, Bookends, Sounds of Silence, and everything in between.It was a true musical happening."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "88min DVD containing the famous concert on Central Park featuring the one-night reunion of Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel. The concert looks and sounds good on this DVD. Even the John Lennon song where an angry fan rushed the stage is included. Also included in this DVD are some movie trailers which include: Carmen Jones, Carousel, Hello Dolly!, The King & I, Moulin Rouge!, Oklahoma!, and South Pacific. Additionally, there is English subtitles. Nice concert DVD for S&G fans inspite of Garfunkel looking a bit uncomfortable during the concert."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is pretty good..including all the great Simon and Garfunkel classics.  Hard to believe the recording was made 22 years ago. Where has the time gone?  Holy Cow!!It seemed like they rushed through a lot of the songs, apparently to keep the crowd energized.  The slow songs, like \"Bridge Over Troubled Water\" and \"April\" were the best. Art Garfunkel's vocals, what he adds to vocal harmony is what makes Simon and Garfunkel.  Sure Paul Simon is good, but I'm more of a Garfunkel fan.GOOD BLAST FROM THE PAST.  IN 1982, I WAS ONLY 22 YEARS OLD...YIKES."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "somehow simon and garfunke will always have the power to draw me in and keep me there! and this is no exeption. the recording is great, and you catch the dialouge that you cant get on the album. the whole performance is  so moving (in a good way), even though it has its weak spots it is just  beautiful. with paul's soulful lyrics, and artie's voice this film is a  must have for everyone, whether you were there or not.as a john lennon  fan paul always makes me cry on the late great johnny ace. you really get  that feeling in all his songs though, that sinceriy that you can only get  from someone with true talent.please, get this video, you won't be  dissapointed!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The other 4 and 5 star reviews speak for themselves.  I'd like to correct a few misconceptions about this DVD, though.  Anyone who thinks that &quot;The Late Great Johnny Ace&quot; in not included on the DVD has not watched it all the way through.  Although not listed on the tacklist, it comes on right after &quot;A Heart In New York&quot;.  Another criticism was over the inclusion of seven Paul Simon solo tunes.  Paul Simon wrote almost all of S&amp;G's material.  In my book, any Paul Simon song that Art sings on is a S&amp;G song.  By that standard, there are only two Paul Simon solo songs.  Plus Art sings solo on two S&amp;G songs and his own &quot;A Heart In New York&quot;.  So I think it evens out pretty well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I don't agree with any of the quibbles with this video.  My impression was that, while certainly it is clear there is tension between Paul and Art, both put their heart and soul into this performance.  The versions of Sounds of Silence, Parsley Sage Rosemary and Thyme, American Tune, America, and other songs are fabulous.  The back up band is outstanding.  Most remarkable of all is how Paul and Art, even though they rework the rhythm of many of the songs, sing in absolute synch without even looking at each other, as if they are two halves of the same soul.  Both men are in fine voice, the audience is totally enthralled, and Paul and Art even appear to warm up to each other towards the end.  I could have done without the reprise of Late in the Evening and the Simon song Late Great Johnny Ace (my own quibbles!), but these are trivial in the context of this great concert."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ok when i bought this video  i thought it wuz just pure music like led zeppelin live... well turns out itss more like a spinal tap than a live concert.. but it was ok .... i liked a few of the songs but like on rock and roll robert plant has a really low voice. but like i said b4 the video was pretty good. iguess if your a really big fan of zeppelin you'll like this cd but if your just a casual fan i'd skip it and buy the led zeppelin dvd if u want a video of them...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm a big Zep fan and I really enjoyed the re-mixed 2 CD set of The Song Remains the Same, which just came out.  This DVD is a new release too....but why isn't it available directly from Amazon?  They ran out??  It just came out, and it is a major release (I thought...). They must want everybody to go for the Blu-Ray or Hi-Def versions.  But what if you don't have the type of player?  What happened to the regular DVD???  Someone straighten me out here...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Anyone who owns any &quot;underground&quot; Zeppelin performances (or, for that matter, BBC Sessions) knows that this is NOT Led Zeppelin at their best.  In fact, the 73 tour may well have been their worst.  If you're a  fan, of course you have to own this, but if you're a REAL DIE-HARD FANATIC,  then send some blank tapes to someone in a newsgroup and get yourself a  copy of a performance from the early days or the L.A. shows of '77.  Then  you'll REALLY hear what Led Zeppelin was all about... and you'll realize  that 'The Song Remains The Same' was an unfortunate mistake."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I rented this on Blu-ray and was amazed at how it sounds.  I listened to it in True-HD and I do not think I have heard a better sounding \"live\" concert. Really amazing and the mix is not over done.  I think 5.1 mixes should be done to make the music sound more realistic with depth and clarity and this does that.Only complaint is that they really do not use the center speaker and all and the movie cuts into songs and I really don't care about the movie footage, I just want to see the songs performed without interruption. They should re-edit the film and place all movie footage between songs!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME brings incredibly intricate stellar performances by all band members, and there is MUCH more on this DVD.The unique footage of the band members at their homes, with their precious children, their backstage and off stage happenings, along with superior footage of Robert Plant riding along [I believe it's] England's countryside, is just magical.This DVD is a classic in its own right, capturing one of their greatest performances at Madison Square Garden in 1973.If you want to watch much more than a concert, and you truly love the legendary music of Led Zeppelin, THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME will bring you so much more than you could ever except from the band, just as they always do.The sound AND video quality of this DVD is OUTSTANDING. Truly a MUST See and Own for years of viewing and listening treasure.Barbara Rose, Ph.D., author or If God Was Like Man, Stop Being the String Along, and If God Hears Me, I Want an Answer!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Really I did -- usually along with Rocky Horror or a Jimi Hendrix film.  Had no choice since there was no video footage available to buy at the time.  Some parts are hokey, and it's a shame most performances are cut, but it's Zep in their heyday.  Does anyone else notice how much Crowe's \"Almost Famous\" rips off this movie (all the way down to the acoustic-accompanied limo ride through NYC)?  A better choice is the double Carruthers DVD.  That shows Zeppelin from their origins to their later years in un-cut performances."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Song Remains The Same captures the members of Led Zeppelin in all of their 70's American glory in performance at Madison Square Garden. Jimmy Page, John Paul Jones, John Bonham, and Robert Plant are in fine form and the editing make this an entertaining ride from start to finish. The little band member vignettes are a little pretentious (save for Bonham's, which kicks _ss), but it's still amusing. It's worth the dough and a fine companion piece to the double Led Zeppelin DVD that came out a few years back. Highly recommended for any Zep head."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A nice collectible concert for living in the past as the song remains the same. Video transfer quality is ok considering the film is about 35 years old. Audio quality has been greatly improved and makes this title worthwhile for Zeppelin fans. This DVD replaced my VHS copy of the movie. The extras are also ok, nothing to get too excited about. If you are expecting the concert to look as good as modern day 16:9 standard DVD's let alone HD DVD's you will be disappointed. A must have for serious collectors as HD is being discontinued.  I give this release four flaming chilies as it is Led Zeppelin after all."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of Led Zeppelin's biggest concerts recorded at Madison Square Garden 1973. This DVD takes you through a great concert, showing group memebers at home, and in fantasy settings. Robert Plant really was at the top with his powerful raw vocals as well as Jimmy Page's guitar solo's that just rocked. Bonham's moby dick is just incrediable, and John Paul John's keyboard, and bass playing is smoothe. Their are so many classic tunes on \"The Song Remains The Same\" including Rock N Roll, Black Dog, Since I've Been Loving You, No Quarter, The Song Remains The Same, Dazed And Confused, Stairway To Heaven, Mody Dick, Heartbreaker, and Whole Lotta Love. This is a must have for the MUSIC FAN!! Highly Recomended!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Led Zepellin is possibly inch by inch, the most complete, authentic and original rock band in the last sixties and seventies. From the riffs of Jimmy Page, to Bonham's drums. This concert on Madison Garden is not only a historical document but a timeless proof for the new generations who will born about the stature and presence of this heavy band. The ensemble, the original arrangements, the language and score of every one of his pieces will engage. I love from that age Moby Dick in which Bonham will give us a true tour de force, Lemon Song for instance, that was not played. I didn't like Whole lotta ` love , and to my mind Stairway to heaven, Rock& Roll and Moby Dick were the jewels of the crown.An unforgettable spectacle all the way."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is great remasterPrevious released version \"Dazed and Confused\" \"Moby Dick\" was song cut and combined , that's uncomfortableThis restoration is good and no problem these songsBut one thing\"Rain Song\" is alomost unchange although restored , why ?Good remix 5.1 surround soundEspacially , \"Dazed and Confused\" Jimmy's bow playFront and rear sound clealy separatedentire all of movie sound is good tooThis collector's edition add is interestingLobby card , small copy of movie poster , ticket and T-shirtsIf you are Led Zeppelin huge fan that you should get this edition"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Led Zeppelin never got any better than this. There are videos available of their '75 and '77 tours as well as footage kicking around from the Knebworth festival, but this band peaked in 1973 and for those of us who fell out of love with the band by \"In Through the Out Door\" and Plant's wretched solo  material, this video is a great reminder of why Zep was a sold out huge arenas and sold millions of albums.My faves are the title song with it's great 12-string and 6-string mix,John Paul Jones \"No Quarter\",the BEST solo on \"Stairway to Heaven\" available and an excellent show closer which I won't name in case you haven't seen this yet.This is how it should be and how this band should be remembered."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Outstanding. The \"Rockumentary\" shows the footage from Led Zeppelin's concert in New York city as well as a bit from their personal lives.The viewer gets an idea of what it's like from their end of the tour as well as some of the most outstanding music ever in concert.Most noteworthy is the drum solo from \"Moby Dick\" from the late John Bonham.It is long,but anything but boring.Overall,this is evidence of why their will never again be quite a decade like the 1970s for music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was glad to see that this movie was released on DVD. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the lack of extra's, the only difference is the trailer, other than that it is identical to the video  version. Of course DVD is better quality video and sound, and that makes  this a must for Zep fans everywhere. If you are a new fan to the group this  movie will solidify your enjoyment of the band, and unfortuantely is the  only official release of the band live, with some movie extras with members  of the band. Long live Led Zeppelin!  Lets hope they release some  unreleased concert footage on DVD next!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is footage of Led Zeppelin at their peak period. The '73 tour, apart from the fact Plant's voice had already changed, is the best tour Zeppelin ever had. This film captures it. The sound is much more powerful than any other live releases, and the playing is perfectly typical of Zep in '73. It doesn't get any better. Certainly not the '75, '77, Knebworth, or early footage you get with the Led Zeppelin dvd. Don't be fooled by people who join the decades long critical bashing bandwagon. Some things get branded because it is easy to go along with the popular, yet incorrect, perception."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've been a fan since I saw them in concert in 1970. Their first four albums are classics. When this film first came out, I couldn't wait to see it in the theaters. I've only seen it once, and I thought the concert performances were HORRIBLE! So bad, in fact, I couldn't listen to LZ for a decade! Every time I heard their music, images of these god-awful performances filled my mind. I finally re-kindled my love for their music, and I never want to see this film again. If you really want the definitive dvd of this band, buy the 2 disc compilation \"Led Zeppelin.\" It is STUNNING from beginning to end, and shows the band in all their glory. Why they ever released these poor performances, when they had the great performances shown in \"Led Zeppelin,\" mystifies me."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A great performance, unfortunately undermined by a director and editor who think the movie is about them. The \"dramatic\" sequences are moronic in the extreme, and it's amazingly annoying to have the camera cut away from the performance to such pointless scenes as a bridge going by from a car. As though a band of this caliber and power needs some kind of visual support to make it interesting. . .  And even when they do allow us footage of the performance, there are a number of places where the visuals and the sound are completely unrelated---not just out of sync but Jimmy Page playing some other song than the song we're listening to.  It's worth getting for the performance, if you can tolerate all the nonsense you have to wade through to get to it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having not bought this item I thought it was great. You may not have heard of Led Zeppelin because they are an obscure rock band from the 70's that now with the re-release of this re-release have released a new set of remixed re-releases that might, for the impoverished group, gain them some of the reputation they justly deserve. These tracks are remastered and remixed from the original remasters and remixed again to give a re-re-mastered quality remix, the likes of which you have never heard before. The packaging, which I haven't seen, is very poorly designed with flimsy card-board and undersized T-Shirt."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Although it looks great and what is there sounds great, Someone,I assume Jimmy Page, has made sweeping audio edits throughout the concert, jarringly restructuring some of the guitar work and \"fixing\" some of the \"mistakes.\" The good thing is that if you are not a dyed-in-the-wool Zeppelin fan--or just a casual one--you may not notice the copious alterations; however, if you've been rocking out to this show for years and know it inside and out, it is hard not to lament the changes when they, in most cases, neuter, or remove altogether, some of the swagger and spontaneity that crept into the original mix.I will keep my VHS, laserdisc, and original DVD release of this film and will retire this blu-ray and its revisionist audio mix to the forgotten dustbins of my garage."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a bloated, self-indulgent, boring mess.  When this film came out, I remember thinking that if thisis the great Led Zeppelin, then they are quite overrated.  Some of the songs are way too long, the videosequences are almost laughable and Plant is either having a bad night or is already struggling to be thePlant of a few years earlier.  Get the excellent double DVD \"Led Zeppelin\" instead - way, way better.It not only shows the band at various points in their fairly brief history but does indeed demonstatewhat a terrific group they actually were.  In its wake, \"Song\" is now useless."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm really a lucky man.Luckier enough to have this kind of work in my collection of cds, and now DVDs.This is an astonishing performance of one of the best rock'n roll bands ever.The performance of Jimmy Page is here,something i've never saw beforeand reveals all of the charismatic portrait this band ever had,specially among the brazilian youngers of my generation.The presence of Led Zeppelin music was a constant in my entire life.And what music!!!!!This is a fantastic gift to all of the new fans of good intense sensuous,amazing music.The performance of the band at &quot;Dazed and Confused&quot;is stelar!&quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;perhaps the most beautiful music ever recorded.Finally,all of this musicis a journey since the light begining,until the catharsis at that triumphant final!!A gem of the modern music.Something to get always at a special place of any great musical cds/DVDs collection!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Folks...this movie has never looked better...(oh yeah this is a review from someone who has seen it!)...and  its still as crazy/fun/lame/awesome as when I saw  it on  the  big screen a few decades back. It doesn't pretend to be the ultimate Zep show..it was a rough hewn gem (when  they explode on the stage to the strains of Rock N Roll it still gives me goose  bumps) and this presentation is terrific and the bonus stuff on the second disc is classic and to be appreciated by any true Zep fanatic starving for extra concert and interview footage.  There is a reason millions of people tried to get tickets to their upcoming show...THEY ARE LED ZEPPELIN for crying out loud and  this is a great timecapsule at a ridiculously low price..stop complaining and enjoy!!its been a long time ...as the song goes"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a &#34;cleaned up and expanded&#34; version of the 1976 release.  The sound, arrangement, and bonus material are fantastic.  I have fond memories associated with the original version and this new version only adds to those wonderful memories.  Some fans and critics have stated that these concert clips do not represent Zep at their best.  But, for me, I think they still stand head and shoulders above anyone else --- both in terms of musicianship and entertainment.  Unfortunately, I never had the chance to see the band live, but through this DVD set, at least I can imagine."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, CAspect ratio: 1.85:1VC-1 BD-50 / Advanced Profile 3Running time: 2:17:42Feature size: 26,17 GBDisc size: 31,16 GBAverage video bit rate: 19.29 MbpsDolby TrueHD Audio  English  2088 kbps  5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 2088kbps (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps)Dolby Digital Audio  English  640 kbps  5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbpsDolby Digital Audio  English  192 kbps  2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbpsSubtitles: English / English SDH / Chinese / Danish / Finnish / French / German / Italian / Korean / Norwegian / Portuguese / Spanish / Swedish / ThaiNumber of chapters: 22"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Robert Plant and Jimmy Page were always somewhat disappointed with The Song Remains the Same, and it's not hard to see why...Some choppy and grainy video, not the highest-fidelity sound and certainly not one of their best live performances. But still, even Led Zep in a mediocre format is still 10 times better than just about anybody else out there. This is a also a great disc for younger Zeppelin fans to get a sense of what this band was like, including how crazy-huge they were, in their day.I actually like the cheesy shorts in this movie. It fits the mood of the time to a T, and they are funny besides."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was born in 1977 (around the time they cancelled the tour when Plant's son died), so I never got to see the Zep in concert. So I was pretty excited when I heard that this video was available a while back.But there are a few things that I noticed. Plant sounded like he was losing his voice, the music wasn't always synched with the video, too many &quot;cheesy&quot; (IMO anyway) effects, etc. This couldn't possibly have been the best footage available, could it? As much of a ZepHead as I am, I still cannot call this the best representation of them on film. It isn't, from what I've seen otherwise.Most expensive home movie ever made? Feels like it. I enjoyed the music, but the visual needed more work."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "in 1973 an amateur film crew made a half-assed effort to film Led Zeppelin on 3 below average nights at  Madison Square Garden on the nights of 27, 28, and 29 July 1973. The film was entirely financed by the band and shot on 35mm with a 24-track quadraphonic sound recording. In 1976 in an effort to pacify an impatient label, the film  started by director Joe Massot, would be finished by director Peter Cliffton and released in theaters all over the world.The special addition includes the missing songs that complete the setlist but they are not &#34;branched&#34; into the original DVD to restore the original continuity of the live set but rather included separately on the bonus DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Why anyone would want to watch a roadcrew assembling a stage is beyond me but once you fastforward that, and get to the part where Bon grabs his beer before heading on stage, it is absolutley powerful stuff. He is a combination of Brian Johnson and Robert Plant in his heyday...a wild rock and roll throwback that lived for women and booze. He lived fast and died hard, and I truly believe he had no interest in growing old, so he was called home after a hard night of drinking. All AC-DC needed that night was a stage, and the music is raw and hard driving...the Angus &quot;show&quot; is highly amusing and he plays his tail off, while Bon sings his off....highly recommended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Impressive product for AC/DC fans!  Paris show content is wonderful; the concert was captured very well, highlighting the entire band while giving the spotlight to Bon and Angus when appropriate.  The film is easy to watch; it doesn't bounce around from shot to shot too often.  And the sound is great!Terrific tribute to Bon as this was the pinnacle of his career, and was captured shortly before his untimely death.  Extra content is okay.  Most is present-day tributes by various artists and critics which can get a bit redundant.  Documentary-style content of the band as it was during original filming gives us insight as to the humility of 5 working-class musicians just trying to have fun.Print content is wonderful history for those of us that don't know everything there is to know about the band.Amazon fulfillment was perfect as expected.  Product was available and shipped promptly upon order, arriving in new condition when anticipated."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The only reason I would rate this down a star is that I'm disappointed in the 5.1 mix (should say 3.1) as there's absolutely nothing coming from the rear speakers.  The sound is quite good for what's there & the picture is AMAZING, great HD transfer there.  The sound should be much more powerful considering the band involved, but have been waiting for this on DVD for eight years so not complaining too much.  Really pleased to see this old Bon footage finally put out in this format.  Da' Wolf"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have tested this against the griffin dual output unit.I checked the charging current.This unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma.Griffin was charging with 40 ma! And the griffin was 4 times more expensive.I have not used these for very long. I bought 15 of them, because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current.No idea how long they last. I assume they will work fine. I have not been using them much. I did the testing , just to stock up on a high current charger. This passed and I stocked up."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased two of these chargers for my sister and girlfriend. They both have Samsung Galaxy phones and needed a car charger so being the OEM fanboy I am, I swooped up on a couple of these for them while remaining slightly skeptical of what was actually going to show up in the mail at this price.I'm happy to report I definitely received 2 OEM Samsung car chargers in the mail in sealed bags with part # barcodes (the kind you'd normally receive in a new/refurb phone). Can't go wrong with the price and certainly can't argue with the benefits of OEM vs. generic (mA output and reliability at the top of the list!)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First, this is kind of cheap-looking, but I did try to buy the cheapest OEM car charger I could for my phone, so that's forgiveable.  The springs on the side don't have much force, though, so this is constantly slipping out of the 12V car port.  The cable is sturdy, but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff, which makes charging AND operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle.  It's held up well since I purchased it though.UPDATE:  Stopped charging after a month."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Got this to replace a frayed OEM cord. The cord itself is ok ;however, the plug that looks like OEM and is stamped as such, is crap! Took 8 times longer to charge with this unit! When the cord was paired with the actual OEM plug in, it worked fine. So if you need a cord its ok; however, it is definitely not OEM and the plug is worthless. For the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but I am very disappointed with the false markings as OEM when it is certainly not."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would like to start off by saying that this product is what I ordered and I have no complaints about shipping or the condition of the product when it came to my house, the problem I do have is the micro usb cable that comes with the charger. Why is it that all of the different companies that sell chargers on Amazon can get the plug part of the charger right but not the micro usb cord? The cord is cheap and not the original cord that comes with the other part of the charger. I am having the same issue with the charger that I ordered for my galaxy note 2. It's a very thin cord, and also very short. Maybe, a 2 21/2 foot cord? And its of a cheaper quality than the part of the charger that the micro usb plugs into..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "In a nutshell, this is NOT an OEM charger.  Although it has the Samsung markings, it doesn't seat well with a Samsung phone.  This means that it's either meant for another market or it's counterfeit.  With that said, I wouldn't buy this again.~~~~~~~~~~August 17, 2013 - UpdateThe seller tried to make amends by sending me three replacement chargers.  After using this for a while, it is still garbage.  It does not charge my phone and in fact, it drains the phone.  This must be a counterfeit product.  It has Samsung markings but it does not charge the phone.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Wow!  What a cute battery case! I saw a Christian sister with one of these on her phone!  That gave ne an idea-I decided to order me and my sister a battery case-mine is white, (since my phone is white), and my sister's is black,(since her phone is blue).Anyway, these little guys give you power for your phone! If we run out juice, especially when on the go, we can just connect this case to our phone, and it is POWER ON THE GO!! (I'm just concerned about the functionality)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I never do this, but I almost bought this product based off of the amazing sounding fake reviews provided by the shills for PowerBear. If you look at all the positive reviews for this case, you will see that none of them are verified purchases and yet every negative review, other than this one of course, is a verified purchase. What that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap. Furthermore, many of the reviewers have posted twice on this product, once per color. Why Amazon allows this is beyond me, but that is not the point. Also, if you look at the profiles of the positive reviewers, you will see that they have posted multiple positive reviews for PowerBear products and many of the reviews are carbon copies of each other. Beware the paid shills!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "the case did not fit my phone; was a tad too small.  i could only get 3 corners into the case.  i wound up buying a two piece case that cost about $20 from a local store.  have dropped the phone so many times the case is beat to s***, and no damage to the phone.  good reason to buy a case, just not this one.my co-worker delayed in getting a case because he could not find one he liked, and broke the display screen, making his phone unusable.  buy a case, not this rubber thing.  i threw mine away within 5 minutes of it's arrival"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very satisfied with my purchase. The quality is good and the shipping is quick. The case provides enough friction to enable a good grip on the phone. TPU (the plastic material where the case is made of) virtually resists oil and dust. I used to have an Otter box for my other phone. The protection is excellent BUT the silicone attracts dust like crazy. The S-Style pattern at the back is more of a personal taste - some people like it but some other may not. To me it adds some flavor to an otherwise plain black case. The protection on all 4 sides on the front panel looks sufficient (anyone dare to slam your phone on the floor to test it out?). I wish the top margin (above the earphone) can wrap down by a few mm. Overall I feel my phone secured in the case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this micro usb cable because it was cheap, and that it is. I use this with my Nexus s 4g from sprint and although it does indeed charge my device it causes some major issues, such as screen lag, my computer not being able to recognize what kind of device this is, and causing my phone to constantly jump into car mode. So if you need a real quick cable for basic charging, this will do it, anything else...spend the extra buck on a higher end cable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this recently and did not expect much, as it was only $2.99 shipped to my door.  For that much money, how can you go wrong?  So, I have not used it to transfer data yet, as it it plugged into my PC at work just for charging.  When plugged in, my Palm Pixi prompts me, just as the factory cable does, to transfer or charge.  I have used this cable about 10x to charge now, and it works great!  Do not hesitate to purchase this if you need another cable, or two!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "we bought this charging cord because the t505 only came with a car charger.  we now have 2 t505 with the 2nd one intended for use with connecting our bluetooth enabled phones with the home stereo.  this cord offers a convenient way to charge both as we are not in the car for long enough periods for the device to charge completely while travelling.  by bringing in the devices we are able to charge overnight to a full charge.  great price and no complaints with receipt of material in either packaging or transit time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'll never understand how one review can say this item works exactly as it should and how the next complains about it not working...for the EXACT same phone! I just don't get it. I decided to try it out despite the people that said it didn't work, and I'm glad I did. It's exactly what I expected and wanted. I actually bought 2 of these so I could leave one in my car and one at work. For only $4 and some change for the both...this was a GREAT buy for me and now I never have to worry about my Incredible running out of battery!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last.  so this cord works on when plugged into the wall.  when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything.  so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but don't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love that this headset stays firmly on the head with the band and firmly on the ear with just the ear piece.  The sound quality is great, and the ability to mute the mic is the main reason I bought this.  The mute switch is in a convenient place and has a nice clip to attach to your shirt.  The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I have had a lot of people tell me I sound somewhat distorted when talking on it.  Usually I can make it better by adjusting the mic volume (another nice feature) or by moving the mic away from my mouth.  Overall good purchase for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using one of these for years!  I replace it with a new one when the old one wears out.  The mic is always strong enough to pick up my voice, and I never have complaints about people not being able to hear me.  The ear-pad is comfy, and I occasionally forget I have this on.  The best part is the adjustable amplifier - if I have distortion from the sound out of my cell phone, I can increase or decrease both the output from the cell phone itself and the amplifier on the headset, and I usually can maximize the sound and minimize distortion.  I don't have to hold anything with my hand to get the conversation through."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Excited about this based on good reviews, but did not have the same experience.Tested on my Nexus S cell phone, person on the other end complained about static and poor quality sound.  I unplugged headset and switched to using my cell, and they said the problem went away, so unfortunately problem seems to be with this headset.Also, just FYI, this does not come retail packaged, but shows up in a plastic bag with no instructions.  Not a problem for me, but makes me wonder where these are from and the quality."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried and returned at least 5 headsets ranging from $15 to $150. This one was typical of the others that I returned, low volume on the earpiece and low quality microphone. I finally ended up with a Panasonic TCA60 for about $19 which is very loud and sounds great on both ends. It's nothing fancy, no volume control and no mute, but who needs that when you can accomplish the same thing with your phone. Price does not determine sound quality. I recommend this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this set to fix a pair of eyeglasses that had loose screws. The smallest screwdriver in this kit was perfect for that job, so mission accomplished. The tops of each screwdriver twirls independently from the shaft, meaning you can keep a finger on top of the head to stabilize the driver while you're screwing. (Sorry, there's no other way to say that.) The box suggests these screwdrivers can be used for repairing eyeglasses, cameras, watches, fishing reels, hobbies, electronics, and small appliances. I think this set will come in very handy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This comes with 4 flats and 2 philips. I believe they are also metric in sizes. I used one to take a part a netbook. I like the fact that they spin, come in a plastic kit. They are reasonably priced. These items are high quality. Handles are small and can be hard to loosen a screw if torqued down. I used them for a laptop not as a jeweler so... Nice case, nice color, small area, ... Comes in a card board cover as well. Packaged and more packaged. A little over doing it there. Can't be at times a little difficult to open the plastic case. Was going push up or down. Comes with different sizes. Some of the flats seemed a little thick in the blade. Not a bad item for the price. Always good to have a set of these around for glasses/sunglasses or for other items with small screws."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I must agree with Gary Tuscon's review. For under $5, even though the smallest flat-head screwdriver in here is 1.4 mm (too large for the screws that hold the links on a Seiko women's watchband), the quality is such that I will keep them. The case is very good and labeled very clearly. The screwdrivers have a decent weight as well and the handles turn smoothy.If these came in smaller sizes, with tempered tips that smaller sized tools need to be strong, I would definitely consider them as well.If I had one minor nitpick, it would be that a color-coding of the handles would be a great help, but really, this is an excellent value for the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Judging from what I've seen in other reviews and what I received there is inconsistency in what is being shipped out.  I received a zip-lock bag containing 12 pieces. (See user uploaded photo that matches the description below)- 6 Torx type drivers, magnetic tip (T4,T5,T6,T7,T8,T10) (Orange handle, with blue cap)- 1 Philips driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 Flat driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 3-point driver, magnetic tip (clear red handle)- 2 tweezers (stainless steel, on blister packs)- 1 pry tool (dark green)I purchased this set to do some work on a Droid X (MB810), and they did the job well enough, except I had to carefully use the T4 instead of a T3 *very* carefully on 12 screws holding the screen assembly together. I'll give it a 3 star rating \"It's OK\""}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought these to use with my Jawbone Era bluetooth headset.  The Era comes with 9 different options for ear inserts.  But I always felt like the earpiece was about to fall out, unless I jammed it into my ear so far that it became uncomfortable.Enter the Jabra EarGels...  These made a huge difference.  It fit perfectly onto my ear (the nub on the top goes into the spot above the ear hole).  I could wear this all day.  I wouldn't wear these eargels without having an over-the-ear hook attachment on my Era, but these have made a huge difference for the comfort of my bluetooth earpiece."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like this Jabra earboom so much that I have purchased 6 of these so far.  And that is my biggest complaint, is their poor quality of workmanship.  They work well but just don't last.  Granted, I'm a road warrior and my earbooms probably go through more abuse than a casual user.  The reason I keep buying them is the audio quality is fantastic and the fit within my ear is solid.  I keep two spares on hand at all times so as soon as one fails I can throw it away and move on.  At this price, I can afford it.  Also, Jabra customer services is great.  I lost the windscreen for the boom mic once and an email to them got me a set of windscreens in my mailbox, no charge."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Yeah, I know, they warned me; but I thought I was smarter than the average bear- not so.If you have auto reverse on your tape player and you cannot shut the feature off, this will not work.  It may work for a few minutes at a time, but will always end up frustrating you by switching every few minutes.If you can turn off the auto reverse (or don't have it), it's a very solid product that sounded great.For those like me who need a FM transmitter instead of the tape version, I'd suggest the Soundkase FM Transmitter for iPod & MP3s.  We've been using it for a week or 2 with good results (and from my research, probably the best results you can get if you can't use a tape connection)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I tried using it with my Sansa Clip MP3 player in my Toyota MR2. The car makes a lot of noise in any case, so I'm not holding out for audio lab quality. However, the product made a quite audible (at low automobile speeds) click-click-click. I might have been able to tolerate that. However, there was also an electronic whistle increasing in frequency with the RPM of the engine. The whistle interfered excessively with the intended sound from the player. The volume of the Coby CA-747 was ok. I hadn't thought that would be an issue until I bought a comparable Maxell cassette adapter at Long's to replace the Coby CA-747. The volume with the Maxell product was very weak, and I had to turn it way up. The Maxell didn't go click-click-click, but it whistled, too. So both the Maxell and the Coby get 1 star from me. I'm trying out the offering from Philips next..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Purchased this to try out in the workplace. Don't have access to a decent sound system, so wanted to be able to pipe some mp3s through the clunky boom boxes that are available, without having to lug around a CD case. I was very pleased to find the sound quality is excellent. Playing mp3s from a phone or player sounds more clear and louder than if I were to tune in a radio station. This model had some of the best reviews on the site, and it appears to be a good unit so far. I had to go with 5 stars because you can't beat the price for something that works this well.**Update** It has been about a couple of months so I thought I should add that this unit has worked out great so far. It gets many hours of use and delivers very clean sound. I couldn't be happier with this purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a cassette player in my car and wanted to be able to plug my MP3 player into it. This adapter looks like a cassette with a wire coming out of the end. It slides into my car player and when I plug it up to my mp3 player, it plays through the system with no problem. I have not had any trouble from it yet as others have written about. I went on a trip 2 weeks ago and used it for several hours. It worked great.  The wire can be changed to come out of the side or the back, depending on which way your auto player is oriented."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would agree with the majority of the reviews. I purchased this for my car. I don't have the MP3 connection but do have a tape deck. And I wasn't thrilled with the quality of sound with the FM tuners (my brother has one for his car). There is a little bit of a clicking sound that appears once it starts playing, but with road nose and the general nose of the car, it is a non-issue...can't even hear it. The quality of the sound is not as good as if having a direct MP3 connection, but I consider it very good...(not sure it's even fair to compare). I use this primarily for audio books, and I am very happy with my purchase. I have not had to try the fix that some of the other reviewers had (something about needing to take out a pin on the inside of the cassette).I would definitely recommend!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I fixed the issues, for the time being.  I turned down the bass on my stereo.  I also made the default volume 75% on my phone.  This is the combination that worked for me.  I also left the casette in.  I figured if there was dust and other stuff in there, then i would have to let it settle.  The burn in period was about 3 days.  Afterwards it was AMAZING, the sound clarity improved so much. So don't give up, try these things. You may need to clear the dust from inside your tape player, I'm sure that may be the cause of many issues.Fix eject issue:[...]"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Overall, I think that it's a safe investment in a mobile phone. One sad thing about cell phones is that they improve so quickly, there's always a race to have the best.Right now, this phone is one of the best, without the 300+ pricetag. If you're paying 300 for it, you aren't getting a good deal.Clear reception, included ear piece is more comfortable than the generics that come with a phone like the R225 Samsung.Great display. Only downside is the wiping it off thing. Oils form your skin and ear show up easily on the pristine surface. Very clear pictures and nice graphics.I give it a 10 out of 10."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great features - except for the phone one.  Seriously - Bluetooth, IR, good phone book features, nice color display (though it washes out if you are using polarized glasses).  However, I get much weaker signals (and call quality) on this phone vs. my previous one.  If everywhere you would use the phone has strong signals, you may be just fine - but if you are on the edge, this is not the phone for you, unless you value the non-phone features more than it working as a phone. :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got sick of xbox 360 microphones breaking, so I decided to buy this to see if it would work.Unfortunately it didn't work that well. I got sound and the microphone worked but I got a lot of feedback and echo. Worst of all it was supposed to block outside sound, but it didn't do this at all.I know that it was designed for xbox so I am not going to give it 1 star. I don't have a home phone so I haven't tried it for that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased one of these headsets many years ago and was very happy with it.  Well, my husband tried it and decided he needed it since he did a lot of driving for work.  I was very happy to see that these were still available and at a much better price than what I paid way back.I love that I can use these with my cordless phones as well as my cell phone.  I prefer the corded sets, they just seem to have a better sound quality.  I love that this earpiece fits snuggly around your lobe.  I wear glasses and this works out great.  I go between this style and one that wraps around my head, it just depends on which handset I pick up.  Highly recommend to anyone who prefers the corded headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "More importantly, the point is that the thing that goes in your ear is a cheap, thin little foam pad that will wear out very quickly.  When mine arrived, it was in little pieces all over the inside if the plastic bag they shipped it in.  No box, no packing - not even some cheap bubble wrap and a rubber band, just chucked it into a bag.  I realize it's super cheap but it should last a month.  Is there we are at now?  I wish Amazon would be... at all selective on what they offer for sale."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased FIVE wireless headsets around the same time for my office workers.  One tried to get it to work, and finally gave up.  She kept getting a feedback sound in the headset even when not on a call.  I dont know if it was something in the walls making it have feedback, but we couldnt get the problem to stop so she went back to a wired headset.I have been using the headset she had problems with, and i constantly have that annoying pulsing feedback.One of the five just quit working this week.Problems with 2 out of 5 headsets seems like pretty poor odds to me.I will try a different kind next time...if there is a next time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case works great! My wife and I are taking up kayaking and we needed some way to protect our phones. I have a samsung galaxy s2, she has a blackberry bold 9000. We each put our phones in our cases and immediately plunged them into the water to test to make sure they didn't leak. They worked perfectly! My wife even flipped her kayak and that was the true test, we righted it and checked the phone, dry as can be.I recommend these, i do wish there was some padding these came with as the phones do bang around inside a bit. I'll put my own inside, but for the price I think they could have included something."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I don't want to rehash all of the stuff that's already been said about this phone. Here's something that nobody told me before I bought it: You cannot use the Infrared port on this phone to transfer data to and from it using a PC. You can use the infrared on the phone as a wireless modem for Internet connectivity (this works for me) but the EasyGPRS software provided to manage phone entries etc. does not work with Infrared. I've checked out all of the online support forums for this phone and I have not heard from anyone who has actually done this. When I called tech support they suggest that I buy their data cable (read: shell out another $70) for that purpose. It is very misleading to show this phone as being IR equipped while its use is crippled.BTW, I gave this phone 4 stars because it is still a sleek looking great phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First a quick confession: I do not like T-Mobile.  I had them before and hated their (lack of) coverage and bad service.That said, the v300 is a very good phone.  I won't rehash the long feature list here.  What I really like (after playing with a friend's) is the loud ringtones, the good reception (despite the lack of GSM coverage in Brooklyn), and the great styling.  This phone is not made by Motorola per se but by their Asian partner, maybe that explains the &quot;girlish&quot; styling, but it's still pretty cool.  Of course, the light weight and good battery life make it a stand-out.My favorite phone is still the Sanyo VM-4500 video camera walkie-talkie speakerphone cell phone for Sprint PCS..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "UPDATE:The person actually using these adapters (an 80 year old grandma) just reported from Bassano Italy that they worked just find and she charged her phone with no issues. So if a octogenarian can deal with something, that speaks volumes to the product!In her case, she was using an iPhone overseas, so any issues of power converters were moot. All she had to do was plug the US style plug into the adapter. Even so, it did work for her and she did it on her own. So that is a plus!**********************************These little adaptors look like they are well made and the price was right.i will add more when I get back!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this set of adapters specifically for a trip to Europe. There are two different Europe plugs, I took them both, and they both worked everywhere I went.I used the adapters primarily in Denmark and Norway, they worked great and gave me no problems charging iPod, iPhone, iPad, camera batteries, etc.Note that there are numbers on the plugs, the numbers correspond to the cardboard insert to let you know where to use the plugs. It would be better if the plugs themselves had that information on them, but at least they have the numbers (which I didn't see at first so I put my own numbers on them).I will undoubtedly keep using the adapters on future trips, and I'll keep this updated.Update:Have also now used in Thailand, worked great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had more USB adapters then I knew what to do with.  Enter the cyberpower 7 port hub... I am very pleased with it.  I'm not a techy, just an every day computer user.  I use my hub with my iMAC and it works seamlessly, have had no issues.  I bought another for a friend and she is pleased as well.  Like I said, it does what it says it will do with little effort, and works quite well for the technically challenged."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Okay, this little guy ROCKS!  When plugged in to an outlet, it will support 2 HDDs, a external ODD, and a printer with no issues.  Also, during a move I misplaced my power cord, so I called up the company... WOW, for free, the NEXT DAY, they shipped me out a replacement.  I would DEF. buy from them again, and will use more of these as the need arises.Also, it's been quite some time now since the purchase (over a year) and it works perfectly like the day I got it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this hub with my Mac and it is great. I just plugged into my USB port on my MacBook Pro and have never had a problem with it. You can optionally power the device with the included AC Adapter, which lights up a bunch of green lights and one brilliant blue light at the top of the green lights. This blue light is extremely bright for its size and may need to be covered if you are sleeping in the same room with it. I have plenty of open slots for additional devices. If you are using this device vertically in the stand there is a front USB slot for you to attach your flash drive without any effort. Everything (at least with a Mac) is recognized and ready to go once it is plugged in. I would highly recommend this hub - you can't find anything as nice for the price that is powered."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have an older computer with ony 4 usb ports and a laptop with 2 usb ports. I have 4  external drives and a printer and various other devices that require usb, and all i have to do is disconnect it from one computer and plug it into the other and everything Works great. As far as small flash drives that require external power i have no idea.  hope some reviewer will elaborate on that.  In any case its well worth the money.  It stays forever lit, and thats okay.  It will look funny 10 years from now when the lights are extinguished."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I gave this 3 stars because it does what it says, its nothing high end and doesn't promise miracles, but I won't give it 5 stars because simply there's a terrible delay from when my computer comes out of sleep mode and from the time it actually recognizes this hub on the com ports for the PC, on average its about 15 seconds.  So I'll be sitting there waiting to enter my password like an idiot until the hub is finally recognized by the PC.  And its a really good PC, brand new, no problems with USB 2 or USB 3 except where this hub is concerned."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity.  I had to replace an older D-Link USB that just didn't seem to work at all on both our mac's and PC's (I had two D-Link's).  I had hoped this Hub would actually work unlike the D-Link hub and it does the job great!I bought two and hooked one up to the PC and the other to the Mac and plugged 7 devices into each.  Everything worked and I did use the power just to make sure I could charge off of it if I wanted to.  This hub works perfect and the LED's look awesome.Very happy with this product and would buy same one if I needed another USB hub.  Of course I'm sure the 3.0 versions will soon start to proliferate but until then this is a great USB hub and priced well for what you get."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "1. The USB ports on the sides are spaced far enough apart that I can use all the slots. And the one in front is great for the thumb drive.2. The lights are cool3. It works great4. It stands up most of the time! when I came into the office this morning it was on it's side but no biggie. I righted it and it was fine all day.The weighted base does make a difference and I think they made it as heavy as they could without taking away the portability feature.5. Did I mention it works great. My laptop had no problem going to sleep. It was instantly recognized. All the devices I've put on it have been recognized6. I don't know what one reviewer meant by it making noise. Mine is absolutely silent.7. I agree you need a scissors or knife to open the clamshell packaging no biggie.I liked it so much I bought a second one!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "A very good high quality USB hub. Windows recognizes everything you plug into this hub and, the USB ports are nice and tight.I will say in my opinion, for a USB 2.0 hub, the Cyberpower-CP-H720 is at the top of the quality hub chart. You can plug a DVD player or web cam into this thing and it will work perfectly. My only complaint is a lack of a method of securing it to a table top but I suppose double sticky tape will do just fine. The rubber base piece is removable so it can lay flat as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I needed a self powered USB 2 hub for my iMAC, and selected the CyberPower.It works as advertised and comes with its own plug-in power supply.  I can leave my Palm TX hooked to it even when the computer is off and it will charge it.  The only drawback is that the thing is loaded with eight LED's and they stay on whenever it's powered either by the computer or by its own power source.  If you have the thing in your sleeping area and are light sensitive, you'd have to unplug it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and I truely love it.  The only disappointment so far has been battery life.  Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.Why is this phone so great?  Simple.  It has it all.  This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using my Jabra headset for a couple of weeks and have been very pleased with it. I bought it primarily for use while driving. It's very comfortable to wear. It has performed extremely well in the car. At times, I've used it at home. The range of the headset is quite good, but I get more static in my apartment. From time to time, I lose connection with my phone. I suspect that it's more a problem with my phone than with the headset...I only wish that the phone would come with a charger for the car as this is where I (and perhaps most people) will use the headset. In any case, I can highly recommend the Jabra headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought 2 of these headsets (one for me and one for the girlfriend) on recommendation by my Cingular sales guy. It was either the BT250 for $80 or the Moto HS810 for $99.Not knowing too much about Bluetooth headsets at the time, I opted for the BT250. Two weeks later and I'm giddy like a kid in a candy store.It took a while to figure out how to install the headset to your ear, but I'm sure most, if not all, Bluetooth headsets share the same minor inconvenience. The other minor inconvenience are the buttons; they don't have a nice feel when you push them and the locations are sometimes tricky.If it's one thing I would REALLY like, then it's a replaceable [rechargeable] battery. I'd really hate to buy a new headset just because the battery will no longer hold a charge.Regardless, I have found the BT250 to be a better value than the HS810."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "If you don't have your own office and/or you have co-workers who have a tendency of indiscriminately interrupting, pointing to flashing lights will effortlessly embarrass them into not interrupting you when you are on the phone!  In my case I bought the light as a courtesy to my co-workers; I am the first one in the office to wear a headset and they were uncomfortable approaching me whenever I was wearing it.  Now there is no question whether I am on the phone or not.  Easy to install, plug into lifter and place for greatest visibility (cord is about 5 feet long, secure with screw or double stick \"squares\")."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Amazon continues to ship this antenna with the Wilson Electronics Sleek Booster, and it is not the right antenna. Wilson has told them many times they are shipping the wrong antenna but they continue to do it. This was very frustrating and caused me a lot of grief as I was not able to get on the Internet for a week due to Amazon's problem. I am returning the whole package to Amazon even though Wilson Electronics was able to send me an adapter in the next week or so, but the primary reason I purchased this product was to use over the Holidays where the place we were staying had little reception.  Not being able to use my smartphone hot spot really made me angry.  There is not excuse for this as Amazon has been told many times by Wilson Electronics that they are sending customers the wrong product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This didn't do much for me. Unfortunately, it may not be the blame. Ironically, I have a home repeater system after trying a couple of quick fixes (I thought). This was an upgrade to a combination home and mobile solution I tried first before realizing the specific product to get the results I needed for my whole house solution. So in the mobile world, I'm sure this would be helpful. It is the system as a whole that needs to be configured to a need which includes area of coverage, location, type of usage, cell frequency and more. So in putting a system together, for a whole home solution, you'd be wise to call on the manufacturer rather than putting pieces together which may not 'fit' the performance or compatibility of the other components in the system."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using the HS810 for 9 months now. I was initially very impressed because of the small size and its being relatively stable with a number of different phones. (The early blue tooth standard isn't really as \"standard\" as one might hope!) However, it has proven rather fragile. Within 2 months the plastic case began breaking next to and inside the hinge for the on/off switch.  Did not impact usability so I didn't care.  For the last several months it has been hard to get a good connection witht he charger (several of my colleagues are having similar problems).  The headset has recently become useless because the main body of the case has cracked. I keep the unit in my briefcase, so I don't know why it is proving as fragile as it has.  If you can use it (or the similar HS850) with some assurance that it will not be crushed, it is a good choice.  Otherwise, I suggest looking at other designs."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Like so many other reviewers, I had this Think Outside Stowaway \"collecting dust\" as I had bought it for an older phone.  I was actually looking on Amazon for a foldable keyboard and came across this and these reviews.  So I found my Stowaway (quicker than I thought I might!), did not load the software that came with it (as the instructions tell you to do), but just decided to see if it would sync with my Playbook.  First, of course, I had to put 2 AAA batteries in it and, VOILA, it worked!!!  I am a happy camper!!!  As another reviewer said, it is surprising that some other manufacturer hasn't continued this concept in folding keyboards."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just love this keyboard. I've used it with my HTC and now with my unlocked iphone using BTstack Keyboard from Cydia. The only issue is that it really needs an extra row of keys. The numbers and symbols are placed on the top row of letters (where the letters QWERTYUIOP are in the keyboard). To access a number, you need to press the left function key and the corresponding letter. To type a symbol, you need to press the right function key and the corresponding letter. I work in finance and many of my annotations need numbers and symbols, like 10% for example. For that, it takes a long time. I find it easier to type \"ten pc\" instead of 10%.I'll buy a new keyboard just for that. But besides this, the keyboard is just amazing. So if you don't need your numbers and symbols too often, I really recommend it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this product to send over to my wife who is on a trip, and complained about typing on a Blackberry. I thought I better install it before sending it after her, so I could guide her along. No PC where she is, so I tried to download as advertised. Result: Page Not Found.Company advised that since this is a discontinued item (?) they took down the support pages.This would not be an issue normally - you can install the driver from a PC.It is the principle that a company can maintain a manufacturer's description while not the web page to support the claim...You know a manufacturer is a scumbag when their feedback/survey link gives you an error message back...If any doubts read the blackberry link from the bottom of the review page, or click on the one star reviews. A shame"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This keyboard fills my left pocket and my \"Ultra mobile PC phone\" fills my right pocket.  This keyboard allows me to type at normal speed on a device I can keep in my pocket, and I was astonished to see that it would have even worked for text messaging on my older phone, the Nokia N-Gage.  If you have any HTC phone or any phone that supports bluetooth or this keyboard, or even a PDA, I highly recommend this product, although it is costly.  Pair it with anything that can run TextMaker Office for WindowsMobile and you have a meeting powerhouse in your pocket that can tackle the best college note taking in a much more mobile manner than a laptop, since you don't need to take it out of a bag, plug it in, and otherwise waste time.  I also suggest pairing it with the mouse by the same company for the same purpose."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For the money, this is a great item and a must have for mobile road warriors. I am using the iGo keyboard with a Blackberry Curve (8300).Like others have said, there is a nasty sticker that covers both the outside cover and the keys that may never completely come off. When peeling it off the keys, it feels like the keys will rip off their fragile posts.Also, as is common with Bluetooth, getting the two devices to communicate with one another can be tricky. I haven't used it a lot yet, so maybe I haven't figured out the right combination of button presses. But I hate when things don't simply \"work.\"The keyboard is fairly solid and certainly easy to type on, especially if you're accustomed to typing on a laptop. The keys are marked with several shortcut functions to launch tasks or apps.This is a great item for anyone who wants a lightweight substitute for traveling with a laptop. While sitting in a hotel room checking e-mail, this is all you need."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I received the item in a timely manor, but the best thing about this product, was the outstanding response I received by the seller. It was an excellent purchase experience and excellent customer service.  I would buy from this seller again.  I was unable to make the item work with my blackberry 8310, and the seller provided me the opportunity to return it for a full refund, however, my life got busy and the time alloted to return it expired, but that's my fault and not the seller."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's a great deal, so i jumped on it. But was truly disappointed. I've so far summed up Motorola products as well really really poor. I own a Razar, wish i could return that! But this headset, thinking it's from motorola would work well with my phone, but no. It's on my belt clip, and the phone tell me that the bluetooth headset is 30 ft away, signal is weak, and then disconnets. To me that's strange. It's also surprising that this happens randomly, so it's kinda annoying, b/c you can't anticipate it. Kinda annoying when driving, b/c you rely on the headset to work properly. Also get the static noise which is weird, b/c it shouldn't do that. especially when driving."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm using mine with the Jabra A210 non-bluetooth phone adapter and it works fine. I've used it in the office on my cellphone (handsfree allows me to type and talk with no wires) I use it in the car and it gives me great movement without wires. Very small clips around the ear and you don't even realize its there. Very pleased with this unit. I charge it overnight and it works all day from 530am till 11pm constantly receiving calls. I've had this for a about a week and I'll leave it on this weekend to see just how long it will last before running out of gas. I'm pleased with the quality of the Microphone and Earpiece. Can't believe just how well the mic works. I can shout and whisper and the volume is constant. This is my first bluetooth earpiece and I'm happy with it ! Some calls have slight distortion, but since other calls are crystal clear, I have to believe its the cellphone connection and not the earpiece."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this from Amazon. I linked quickly and worked as advertised.  I found the various button modes difficult to keep track of and found it a real problem over time.My biggest complaint is that this device is too too quiet at maximum volume.  Obviously Motorola did not test their design in a car that had some road noise.  I found it only adequate in a quiet room.  I suspect it is the fact that the speaker is a long way from the ear canal.  I am wondering if an in ear type will be better in the long run.Save you money on this one if you plan to use it in a car.  It is fine if your sitting in quiet room."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The concept of the phone is terrific.  I have to use a 2-way pager for work, and instead of carting around a cell phone and bulky pager, I now just have this one small item.  And while I didn't think I'd really use it, the Bluetooth functionality has definitely sold me.  I can use it not only for a wireless headset, but to connect to the internet and to transfer sound files back and forth as well.The software of the phone seems to be a bit buggy still, unfortunately.  When I lock the keypad, I still sometimes hear tones when the keypad is pressed and the display lights up.  The menus are sometimes slow to respond, delaying as much as 2 full seconds (doesn't sound like much, but it can be irritating).Overall, I'd buy the phone again without hesitation, but I'm an early adopter.  If you're willing to put up with the occassional buggy behavior, I'd definitely recommend this phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The A630 is another ground-breaking handset design from Motorola.  It showcases the ingenuity of American engineering when you see the QWERTY keyboard hidden underneath on this lightweight (4 oz.) cell phone.  It's stylish, too, and has great reception -- that is, where T-Mobile has coverage at all.  Compared to the Sidekick II and many other T-Mobile phones, the A630 has the best signal-keeping capability, but T-Mobile just sucks big time, unless you live right next to one of their sporadic cell towers.  Worse, their GPRS (data) network is slow and congested.  While surfing the web on the A630 is really cool when the network is accessible, for most part of the day the network is slow and often inaccessible.  We really need the govt to step in and mandate that these cell companies upgrade their networks first before charging consumers an arm and a leg for data services."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pros:1. Compact in Size;2. eye-ball-absorber design;3. Good bluetooth connection (w/ HS820 headset);4. Convinient input keyboard;5. The screen is clear enough to show a vivid picture;Cons:1. battery is toooooo weak. A full charged battery can only last for one day (with normal amount of incoming and outgoing calls and without any other devices connected). A lot shorter than they claimed in the description (6 days in waiting mode)!2. A little bulky compared tp other camera phones(like samsung);3. The phonebook is a little different from all the other brands;4. System freezed up once when I input phone numbers with bluetooth device connected. I have to reset it by taking the battery out;5. No zoom function with the build-in camera; Can't observe the picture from front small screen when taking photos with the phone closed;6. No software; Just one Java game come with the unit. No choiceother than purchasing more on line."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone, and this one is the best. I'm happy to finally have a clear screen cover that works. For the past two years I wouldn't even try them, using only the anti-glare covers. Then I would get tired of the anti-glare covers because in my opinion they detracted from the attractiveness of the screen.This cover looks great; you have to look real close to even realize there is a cover on there (wasn't the case with previous clear covers I had used). Boxwave sent me cleaning supplies with the two covers - that made it very easy to apply without getting any dust caught in between. And finally, finger prints do not show up as readily as they do when there is no cover.Nice screen cover. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Absolutely love this screen protector. It came on time and the product was just as expected. I love how it comes equipped with everything you need to install it. A wetnap, dry nap, cleaning cloth, and the flattening clip you use to even out the protector once its on. It looked very professional and my Galaxy S4 Screen looks SUPER vibrant and clean. You can not even tell that theres a screen protector. I would recommend this screen protector to anyone because the value surpasses the price. Afforable and efficient."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Guys,I have used several of my friends bluetooth headsets (motorolas and jabras) and had decided I didn't want one.  Then I found the Mobile Freedom and read the reviews.  I know Logitech and have used a lot of their stuff with good results so I tried it.  IT DOES EVERYTHING YOU HAVE READ!!  It's quiet in the wind, it's battery lasts for days for me, it's easy to use, easy to pair and the sound quality is awesome!!  Nobody could ever tell I was using a headset.  It takes a bit to get used to the ear clip, but once you do there are no problems.  It may be a bit heavier and larger than some, but then those little tiny ones that look so chic also have TERRIBLE reviews and TERRIBLE performance!!  Try it out, you won't regret it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Its the only bluetooth headset I've used, so I don't have anything to compare it with.  Has made my ipaq 6315 much more usable as a phone.  Sound quality is good, some people say I sound far away, I'm experimenting with the gain on the ipaq, we'll see if that helps.  It was a little tight for me at first (big ears), I was able to bend the part that goes around the ear a little and its much better now.  Great battery life.Would be nice to have an external ringer on it, so I could hear it ringing or vibrate if I were away from the phone.  Good range 15-30'."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "the \"behind the ear\" thing just broke...I baby my stuff and treat it VERY lightly, and this piece of junk just fell apart!!!Very dissapointed!!!I should have made my additions to this review long ago, but Logitech cam through for me on this headset in a huge way! They immediately sent me a replacement of the headset, but not just a replacement, an $85 replacement! Then told me to keep the broken one, which I was able to fix with some Krazy Glue!Really incredible customer support...I will never hesitate to buy something branded with the Logitech name!BTW, 5 stars on the earpiece itself once it was repaired with the glue."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was a bit skeptical when I saw the price and read some reviews but I thought hey its Logitech it must be good.  I was right this headset is very comfortable compared to another headset I just bought.  The ear speaker is loud even to the point that I don't have to have it on the highest setting.  The mic was the thing I was worried about though, so I called my friend's cell phone and talked to myself and I was pleasantly surprised with the sound volume and clarity.  Also I haven't had any complaints from other friends I've talked to with the headset.  It has been my experience that Logitech makes the best wireless devices for the buck and they didn't let me down with this one (second Logitech wireless devices in two month; I also bought their xbox controller which is definitely also worth the buy.)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using this for a month.PROS:It is a good value.  It works really well, and it lasts a very long time on a charge.  The WindStop feature works very well.  People have been able to hear me very well while driving and even while playing volleyball.  It stays on the ear well but is not uncomfortable.CONS:The unit looks okay but is less attractive than some of the other high-tech units on the market.  3 of my co-workers have commented that it looks like I am wearing a phallic symbol on my ear, which is really not the look I would like to achieve."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We bought the Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter to go with ourPlantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headsetand have been very pleased with both devices. Using the handset lifter give you the ability to answer calls directly from the wireless headset, which is good if you spend a lot of time away from the physical phone to which the headset unit is connected.Setup was amazingly easy, just following the directions allowed us to get this installed in just a few minutes on our very inexpensive no-name speaker phone.Like our Plantronics Headset, this has passed the test of time and I would buy a new one if it failed today.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a usb wireless headset. just plug it in to your mac or pc and it sees it as another sound device , no drivers needed (xp or os x) I tested it with Skype on the mac and teamspeak on my pc . It comes with a sound api for windows for skype and a few others that allow the buttons on the phone to pickup or hangup calls , I did not try it out because I just like to use apps as is without special add ons ...The range is great , so if you skype and dont want to be tied to your pc then plug this bad boy in and your free to walk all over the house , same goes for teamspeak for the gamers out there.It was so pleasing for something to just work out of the box for a change! I tried for hours to do the same thing using bluetooth and it was a mess... This thing just works!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Set it up, it worked great for a little over 24 hours and the base unit failed to connect to my laptop. Returned and purchased a different item. Didn't want to take the business risk of replacing with the same thing.  Can't afford to be offline for as long as it will take to get this replaced.To be fair, I have used several Plantronics headsets and they were all great... my all time favorite is now 10+ years old and not compatible with Google Voice (though it does work great with Cisco IP phone). I also have a bluetooth Plantronics Voyager headset for my iPhone and it is also very good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased the Scala 500 as my first BT headset and I regret it. The company is v-e-r-y slow to respond to email messages to their support box, so call them, don't write.While the sound quality of the unit is very, very good, there are other issues with the unit. First, the fit on my particular ear is horrible... always feeling like it was going to fall off. I never trusted it walking through airports as it just didn't feel secure.Second, the unit literally fell apart in my hands after three or four months. The portion that protrudes gently into my ear came loose, then broke off. I note that others have metioned the same thing. It just wasn't well constructed. Bummer! I've replaced it now with another low-cost unit made by Plantronics, but while I miss the sound quality of the Cardo, I am disappointed by their slow support and poor quality."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had this headset originally, and then lost it.  After I lost my original, I figured I'd give a motorolla one a try, and purchased the most expensive motorolla on the market (H700).Using my treo 650, I COULD NOT HEAR ANYTHING people were saying, and got constant complaints that the people I was talking to couldn't hear me well.  The volume was terrible, and so was the sound quality.This headset is SO LOUD that i have to keep it on the 3rd from highest setting.  The clarity is great!  People think I'm talking on a land line.  For the $35 bucks, I bought a new one and chucked my motorolla in the garbage.IM SO HAPPY TO HAVE MY SCALA BACK!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works well even in the wind.  Can't listen to music through it with my SLVR though, as expected.  I find I don't use it much though.I set up a shortcut in my SLVR for quickly enabling bluetooth when I am wearing my headset. If I have a bluetooth headset active, it refuses to play music at all - through the built-in speaker or a cable.  But this is the fault of the SLVR.Update:  I dropped it outside, where it got rained on for two days before I found it.  Thoroughly dried it out and turned it on.  Still works!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Let me begin this review by stating that a lot of people have used this device quite successfully.  As for me, there were two main problems.  First, I found the sound level to be too low.  While it's easy enough to turn up the volume, the problem lies in the microphone being so close that it causes a major echo for the person on the other end.  The second problem I had was that I was never able to transfer a call from the device to the phone.  I tried to use this model for a couple weeks just to make sure but, after that time, I decided to send it back and keep looking."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought, exchanged, and then returned this unit.  Both units delivered to me would not turn on.  When I charged them using the supplied adaptor, the red charging light came on and a few hours later, the unit was supposedly fully charged.  However, when I attempted to turn the unit on by pressing the power button, nothing happened.  The unit never came on, could not be paired, and never worked.  I returned both of them.  I can understand one unit being bad, but two units that were shipped several weeks apart shouldn't be.When I called for technical support, I waited on hold for sometime, and then gave up."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this item @ a local retailer, was happy cause i got it on sale (probobly clearance) well it worked 2 days then the wire going into the unit it self would get static if touched!  I can not find my receipt, so i e-mailed jabra & they are acting like this isn't an issue! wanting to know how many phones i tried, if i tried more than 1 headset, etc.... i will prolly get no where or if they do accept a return the S&H Charges will be stupid & not worth replacement!  Just get a nice wired headset, less $ spent & less headache!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that I was able to justify buying one:)  The H500 works fine with our LG Shine.  Although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (Well, not too bad really).It was an easy setup.  The device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. It also has a nice blue LED light. Available in many colors of choice.Why not 3 stars?  The volume control is hardly palpable.  It is hard to adjust the volume while in use.  Your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust.  Even the call button is difficult to press.I like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear.  It is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The #1 reason to buy (and keep) this phone is the slim form factor.  Let's face it - for guys who don't like to keep the phone on their belt like a pager, a pants or suit pocket is the only option.  This phone is far and away the best one in that regard.  I forget it's there a lot of the time.  It is also built EXTREMELY solidly, and does NOT scratch easily, although the SCREEN scratches easily.However, the battery life is terrible.  I literally have to charge it every night after less than two hours of talking with bluetooth.  You MUST get the car charger immediately.  Even though I had bought one on the internet, I couldn't wait for it because the phone kept dying so I raced to a local cingular store for an intermediate car cord.The Motorola HS-850 BT headset is great but occassionally loses connection w/the phone, which is frustrating.The only reason I kept this phone is the size."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I origanally purchased this phone thinking it had voice dialing similar to the motorola v710. Unfortunately is uses the old style of voice dial where you have to train your voice for each phonebook entry. The v710 does not require this and utilizes true speech recognition software. Since this was the most important feature to me I am returning the razr and exchanging it for the v710. To bad, the razr is superior in most other categories except the one most importand to me. If it had true nex technology voice recogition I would keep it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had a Samsung X427 before this and it was awful. Dropped calls, poor reception, wouldn't hold a charge. This phone changed my opinion completely. It does everything I need and then some, and the camera/video is a bonus. The only downside and the difference between 4 & 5 stars was that it did not behave well with my Jabra EarWrap-the remote button did not work-and the speakerphone is a joke. But speakerphone is not really what I needed, it was reliability and function.Really a far step forward-I recommend it for anyone needing a reliable phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I owned one of these for about three months, then it started to fall apart.  It was $30 at Best Buy.  I haven't replaced it, as $30 is a *lot*.$10?  I'm buying two more.  I can be moving 20 mph on my bicycle, talking to someone, with no problems.  It has far better sound quality than my 'backup', which is a Jabra with no boom.  The ear volume is adjustable on my phone, and I'm wondering what phones other reviewers have that won't let them adjust the volume?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The only downside with this headset is that the first one I owned broke after about 2 years of use. First the ear \"hook\" piece broke off. Then the 2.5mm jack broke while in a plug - I'm only glad it was in an adapter and not my phone at the time or it would have ruined the phone.I bought another one and it works fine. Hopefully that broken 2.5mm jack was a one-time thing. Otherwise the sound quality and fit are great. The reviewer who says the ear piece is too snug should use a smaller ear piece - there are 3 different sizes that come with the headset for each ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I read other reviews before I've bought this battery and decided to try my luck anyway for 7 bucks :) so, I'm here to tell you that it works nice to me, I own it for the month already and still I have 3+ hours for talking and 3 days for stand by!!! Isn't it great?! Of Course it is :)I'm glad that I've tried it, I was even thinking if it won't keep the power for 3 hours for talking I'll need to go in AT&T; store and by original one for $40, the old one that was going with one kept the power for one and a half years. Will see for how long this one will leave."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Samsung Note 2 lets face it is a large phone... Howeva I am all about putting it in nice cases. This case hits a stars. Has a credit/ID slots and a money slot - Love that - so I don't have to carry a purse. Plus the strap is nice to have on wrist while on the phone (you know how crazy people are now a days running by snatching phones, extra secure). Best parts phone is secure in case holder when flip case over open. There is an appropriate hole in the back of case for the S-pen removal. Also the phone button closes versus most magnetic closure cases out here.Only con: No Speaker hole in front to close case while talking on phone.Howeva regardless -- highly recommend. Might get another in another color."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Its cheap the wristlet is like a little thread and not sturdy at all. You have to clip your uncased phone into the plastic backing attached 5o the purse. Money part needs length to really pack some cash in. Id like a better cash compartment which is one thing I wanted in my purchase.  Id say purchase a cheaper product like this. Id the wristlet breaks and im positive it will your product is pointless.  Buyer be aware. Update. I stopped using this. The same day I got this my phone was kind of stuck in it and without thinking I was madly pulling at it. Needless to say my note 2 went flying and cracked the screen to pieces. Just be careful handling your phone since this privides no protection and can be tough to disengage from the phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got the product very fast and it looks and feels great one the phone. However it did interfere with my cellular signal and brought my bars down from 3 to 1 and sometimes none. I started dropping calls and the people on the other line said I was fading in and out when I was able to talk to someone. I took the cover off my Note 2 and my bars popped back up to 3 and I had no problems with phone calls anymore. I tried it again to make sure it was the cover, and sure enough it did the same thing as before. I had my partner try it as he has the same kind of phone and it did the same thing to his Note 2. So I had to return the case for a refund. It is disappointing because it was a great looking case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm very pleased with this case. One piece that slips on fairly easily. It's not real grippy like some but has enough grab that you can hold onto it. Goes in and out of my holder and pocket easy enough. The stand on the back works great! When the stand is closed it's flush with the back of the case so it lays flat. Some cases, with stands, have hinges and parts that sick out. The blue is nice and true to on line image. I really like it. The price is amazing!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought two of these, one for me and one for my girlfriend.  She likes going out without a purse or wallet, but would like to hold her ID and credit card on her, and she does manage to fit both cards in this case, but it is a very tight fit.I use my case to hold my ID card for work.  It is an RFID card that we use to badge in and out of the building.  I always have my phone on me and therefore, always have my work badge on me as well.  The case is very low profile and holds up pretty well.  It doesn't offer a ton of front or top/bottom protection, but if you're looking for a case to take out to the bar, or something to hold a credit card/id, this works great!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Sound quality is pretty good.  The wind \"technology\" is not bad.  Stong winds, blowing sand etc,  is going to get heard with this.  But for the price it is comfortable.  For someone who has to buy special adapters to get Blue tooth devices to stay in my ear I am impressed with this.  I wish it had a call end button on the thing.  But the mute button is great.  I would buy this again.  And i like it almost as much as my jawbone.  Paring is not an issue with wired devices.....  ;)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was unsure about this case, as I text a lot, and thought it might add too much for just sending a quick text.  But this has not been the case.  It holds 2 cards, an ID, and a small amount of paper money, but not much.  Its not enough to replace your wallet, but enough that I was able to replace my wallet with it.  If this style of case is what your looking for, then this is the case to buy.  It feels like its of a high quality, leather has worn well so far, phone does not slip out, does a good job of protecting the screen.  The only negative I can see is that the leather oils tend to build up on the screen and need occasionally wiping off, but this is a minor issue that comes with the full leather case territory."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It is not leather, and its smell is atrocious. However, if you're okay with leatherette, it does have some nice pockets inside and it's relatively thin/lightweight.I'd avoid this seller though (BoxWave Corp). Shipping is $5 and you will pay to return the item to them. For me, it was a total waste of money as the shipping costs alone are likely far more than the product is worth. I paid $30 for the case, $5 for shipping to me. I'll be sending it flat rate back. Bear Mountain cases are better, real leather, and cost less (about $20 for the iPad Mini)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for my father who uses a Nexus 4. The case looks and feels really nice and generally works well. However, there is one significant problem - the inside leather leaves an oily residue on the phone when closed. Suede and leather do need to have some oil retained to keep them in good condition, and while this makes the material look and feel wonderful to the touch, it is a bit of a problem when it comes to these kinds of electronics. The genuine leather on the outside is nice, but I think a synthetic inner lining may be more appropriate for this type of thing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After having replaced my 250 3 times at the verizon store I asked to be given the 250V instead of a 4th 250, they did and so far so good, I think Jabra knew the 250 had some defects , each 250 i had died (stopped pairing) in about 2 months, the 250V seems to have no problems and works much better with my Motorola V710.The fit is great, and the sound is good, could use better noise cancellation, but oh well, maybe in a future model. But overall , I like the 250V. I recommend it to anyone. Just roll your windows up if your driving, or you wont be heard by the other end of your call."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset at the same time as my Verizon Palm Treo 650.  Pairing was a snap, and it supported the hands free profile.  The call quality was great on both ends (however wind or car A/C caused people on the other end to have lower quality).  I only charged it twice - day one and one week later.  I used it for about a total of one to two hours a day on my commute.There was just one drawback, and it was a deal-breaker for me.  I wear glasses, and the bulk of the headset behind the ear made it very uncomfortable.  I returned the headset today after I had to end my call on the way home after 20 minutes.  If you don't wear glasses, this is an ideal bluetooth headset for the Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this unit for about a year, it acts as an ear plug on the ear I'm wearing it on, and I can hear my caller even in strong winds. The audio quality is great. Since the microphone sits directly in front of my mouth the caller can hear me just fine and many times they don't know I am in the car. Since it's a wired unit, there are no batteries to charge and it's always ready to go. If you don't mind things in your ear this is a great head set.Update: Moved to an I-Phone from my Palm phone. I had to get a 2.5mm adapter to 3.5, The phone does not see the headset most of the time and won't route calls to it. Same with Blackberry Curve. I hope sure will make a new model for these phones, I miss using it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using the HS850 for the better part of 2008 and have found it to be a competent little unit.  It pairs quite nicely with my Motorola i880 that was assigned by my employer.  I find the volume level to be good, though not outstanding.  I can hear the other party quite clearly and have had no complaints going in the other direction.The HS850 that I got from Amazon came with a charger and minimal instructions, but I had no issues.  After being plugged in for one overnight cycle it was ready to go.  The fact that the mike boom also acts as an on/off switch is great, as it tends to conserve battery life.  Are there better units on the market ?  Most likely.  But I feel that I've gotten some decent value out of this handy headset from Motorola."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset to replace my HS820.  I previously used both the Motorola HS850 and the HS820 and had the same two problems with each.- Insecure attachment to my ear.- Insuffcient volumeWhenever I moved, the motorola headsets wiggled and made me feel as if they were about to fall off. They never did but it was still annoying.The volume problem was in part related to this. The contact with my ear wasn't very firm and the ambient noise that the headsets let in coupled with a relatively low volume meant that I had to press the headset to my ear to hear clearly.I gave it 2 stars rather than one because of the GREAT battery life.I finally bought a Plantronics 510 and have been very satisfied."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been very happy with this headset.  I use it with a Motorola RAZR V3.My last Bluetooth headset was a Jabra, and it broke after just a few months -- the power button quit working, so it was always on until the battery drained.I love the HS850 since it has no power button!  Instead, you just flip it open or closed.  It gets great battery life, since it's so easy to put it in standby by flipping it closed.I have also used this headset successfully with Skype on both Windows and Mac.  The only catch is that it can only be active with one device at a time, so you have to disconnect/release it from your cell phone, before you can successfully use it with Windows or Mac.  This makes switching back and forth between your PC and phone a bit cumbersome.  Of course, it took a couple of hours to get it working under Windows, but it worked first try on the Mac ;-)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the look of this headset, and I really like the fact that flipping the boom turns it on and off instantly.However, the Motorola HS850 performs much worse than my much older Logitech Mobile Traveller Bluetooth Headset.  Everyone I call indicates that I sound muffled, and callers typically ask me to discontinue the use of the headset.  Also, the earpiece speaker is not that loud, so it is rather hard for me to hear callers when there is background noise (e.g., in the car).I just purchased this a couple of weeks ago.  I am giving it to a friend and ordering a different one (Plantronics Voyager 510?)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got two of these.  One for my wife and one for me.  I can not tell when she calls me if she is on the phone or using the headset ( maybe that is more a comment on the phone :) ).The voice interface of the phone has more to do with how well this works.  On my wife's phone she has to train each contact she wants to voice dial.  Not very practical.  On my phone it just figures it out but sometimes I am not certain who it has decided to call.  We both end up dialing through the phone and using the headset to talk and answer calls.  (We both have Verizon WM5 PDA phones.)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this to protect from scratches, from accidental dropping and to make my pocket not heavy.. This cover has proved satisfactory in all respects: I dropped the phone a few times already and thing happened. After using the phone for 9 months, it still shines line new - not a single scratch. It is very easy to put on and off. There are 2 minor issues with this:a) You need to take extra care when you plug on the charger, to make sure the phone charges - the leather cover comes in the way of the charger - after a few accidental \"battery dying out\", I learned to connect it properly to get a full charge.b) The elastic band/top cover comes in the way of the camera - so for taking pictures, I remove the top sleeve.c) Inspite of all the positive feedback, I still feel it makes the phone bulky, but the belt clip is very tough, and I don't mind the extra bulk to act like a cowboy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was my first clamshell phone, and I like that aspect of the phone, but that's about it.  It seems to have worse reception than my previous phones (all Nokia bar type) in the same coverage areas.  The biggest issue is definitely the battery.  I am NOT a heavy cell phone user so I like to just leave the phone in my car or gym bag and not worry about it for a couple days.  This phone will drain in 8 hours to 36 hours - with MINIMAL USAGE.  I don't know why it drains so quickly or with what seems to be random speeds, but it is extremely frustrating.  Also, I am not thrilled with the intuitiveness (or lack thereof) of the menus, but I am sure I would have become familiar with them in time.  I won't have a chance on this phone since I am looking to return mine ASAP.CONS:POOR Battery LifeWorse reception than previously owned phonesNot comfortable to holdPROS:Looks goodCompact"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very nice phone.  Much nicer than my Razr V3 that I returned 3 times because of the high pitched whining noise... if you can live with high pitched static when answering calls (yes, this only happens when answering... NOT when making an outside call).  I like the color (and toying with changing the face plates) and the functionality with great battery life.  Its camera is pretty descent as far as cell phones go.  It is clear and works.  It is not super fancy, though it has a lot of fuctionality.  I am a bit disappointed that T-Mobile and Motorola don't have more choices right now, as I would have been happy to buy them.  Anyway, if you want a good phone with Bluetooth (BT), then this is a very good one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Over the years, my household has tried multiple Bluetooth solutions for our hands-free communications needs. We've had acceptable results from a solution integrated into GPS...but much of our regular driving doesn't include the need to load up a full-size GPS. We've had acceptable results from a visor-mounted Bluetooth speaker unit, but let's face it: sometimes we want to hold conversations that don't include everybody in the car:-)The Plantronics Voyager 510 has proven its value overs more than three years of demanding use. It fits comfortably over your ear excellent incoming and outgoing audio clarity. Best of all is its outstanding ability to hold a charge for a long time. I can generally count on more than a week between charges, even during periods of heavy use.We liked this enough to buy three...one for each driver in the house."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We have tried everything from the moto-850 to the other plantronics and after seeing this in a gold box deal thought what the heck.  To my amazement it has been really a fantastic headset. Easy to pair, easy to adjust volume, great battery life, very clear even with wind noise and city sounds around, and last but not least it has an indicator light that does not look like an emergency strobe (I hated my mot-850 for that at night it would reflect off the glass and the dash in the car or the side window and drive you insane...)All and all a 5 star unit"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned this 510 for almost four years and have worn it nearly eight hours every day.  I have been very satisfied.  The cons for this ear piece are it does not block wind and background noise very well.  My ear buds are getting very loose after four years, so I am ordering another set of those.  I also ordered a new pro plus headset after watching the product demo in the wind tunnel.  Very convincing.  I will rate the new headset after I try it out.  At any rate, you can't go wrong with  the 510."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This unit replaced a Motorola HS850 conscripted by my wife :-)It's better than the HS850 in the following ways:1) People hear me better.  Mic is really good.2) When the unit fits properly, audio amplification is betterIt's worse than the HS850 in that:1) it doesn't fit as well.  I find myself readjusting it throughout the day2) It doesn't synchronize instantaneously with my MPX220 like the HS850 did.  It always syncs eventually (15-60 seconds).Battery life is a tie.  Both are OK, but not as long as I would like (I've had to recharge mid-day a few times.  1-1.5 hours of talk appears to be the limit)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried the Motorola ones and either I couldn't hear or the person on the other end couldn't hear (usually both).  I bought this based on a recommendation of a Realtor that swore by it, and to be honest, I have only had occasional trouble with it.  It's comfortable to wear, it's easy to hear, the other person hears me.  I wear it most of the day, on project sites, while driving, even at home.  It works as expected and I'm very pleased with the results.  If you need a bluetooth, this is the one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my 3rd bluetooth headset and my 2nd Plantronics.Plusses: works really well with my phone, even up to 20' away. I've dropped it lots of times and it's holding up nicely. Easily adjusts to either ear. Turns on & off easily.Negatives: People complain they can't hear me on a regular basis (even when there isn't noise around me). Is awful with wind noise. Is much clunkier than my last Plantronics (330). My phone knows it's there but is often very slow to transfer over to the headset.Overall, I am disappointed with the headset - other than the range between it & the phone, it's is not as good as the Plantronics 330."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've heard great things about this, so I tried it. Everything is great about it, except two things that made me want to return it.First, there is a little bit of crackling once my phone is across my body on my hip, and that is annoying to me because I've had some that never do that. I've noticed that Plantronics and Jabra tend to have this issue regularly with their headsets. The other thing is that it is bulky, and I prefer something a little more pettite.It does have good battery life and noise cancellation. So, it's a matter of preference when it comes to the things I disliked about it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It took me just a little time to get used to this headset but I do love it. I have to admit that for the price, it works really well. Sometimes, it loses connection even though the power is on and bluetooth is blinking blue light, but if you reset it, it reconnects. Sometimes, I have not heard calls come in so reliability for me has been around 95%. I am giving it 4 stars because for the price and comfort, it works quite well. Watch out for battery drainage on the cell so if not using, make sure to power off the bluetooth Power On to Off. It is a concern not to lose it - it's small and without wires. I left it in the Juice store but it was right there when I went back (lucky me)!I highly recommend it overall!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Item does work well as far as sound quality and setup ease. However ear loop is basically not adjustable at all, consequently making the ear piece itself to constantly work its way out of my ear and feel as if it were just hanging there... After days of pushing ear piece back into my ear canal and hoping the loop would give a bit. i returned it for exactly those reasons... Great sound quality and no one i spoke to claimed to hear any distortion. just didn't fit well with no possible adjusting available..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my second headset replacing the Motorola one that came with my cell phone.  People I call tell me that the sound is very clear on their end and cannot tell that I am using the headset - sounds just like I am talking into the phone.  That was not the case with the first one. I travel a lot and wear the headset for long periods.  My ear does not get tired or sore from having it on.  The headset seems well balanced and never seems like it is going to fall off regardless of what I am doing.  I also like that it folds flat for easy carrying in my shirt pocket."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this for my self to use with my Motorola V3XX. I got home on the delivory day to find that my husband had fallen in love with it. He had allready paired it to his Blackberry. I had to purchase this one for my self. I have had only one problem and my husband has the same one. We are not able to walk more than 10' from my phone before we get the crackeling sounds and loose the ability to communicate with the person on the phone. We love the sound quality! We love the quality we get on he other end. The person on the phone says it all sounds great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The sound quality is tops both at the sending and receiving ends. However, the ear hook is on the thick side. This can be a problem for ears that lie close to the head - the earhook pushes the ear away from the head. First, this does create a rather odd looking mismatched pair of ears! Second, it can become uncomfortable after prolonged use. It also poses a problem when wearing eyeglasses - one temple rests on top of the headset ear hook with the other at ear height. This causes the eyeglasses to rest lop-sided. So, buyer beware. The sound quality is great. The comfort issue could be a problem for you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I first got this headset, I originally rated it at 4 stars. I've had it for 5 months now, and I'd have to lower the rating to 3 stars. I really don't hear much better with the headset than I did the Jabra headset I had before; it's a little better, but not worth the extra $45.00 in price. The other party can hear me better (which I attribute to the longer mic.), but they also hear everything going on around me too. The noise cancellation feature is not great. Also, I find the earpiece hurts my ear if I wear it much more than a half-hour. The battery life, on the other hand, is great. I can go several days on one charge. In summary, I'm still in the market for a better headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "i bought this one because of the excellent review, however, after pairing it to my Treo 650 and using it for a couple of days, i'm quite disappointed.  The sound quality is ok, sound level is on the low side and some noises from time to time.  i had a Samsung WEP200 too and had better quality than this one, and Samsung WEP200 is about half of the price of this.  then there is the usability issue too, sometimes i hear the phone ringing, and pushed the button to accept the call and it wouldn't connect right away, had to wait several seconds to establish the link, the Samsung WEP200 and another Motorola ear piece i had did not have this problem."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset was purchased to replace a Jabra BT8040.  The goal was to get a headset in which 1) people could hear me clearly and 2) I could hear them clearly.  After having this Plantronics headset for over a month, I am very pleased with the purchase so far.  With this headset, I have had no complaints that callers can't hear me or complaints of interference.  Also, I am able to hear the caller well.In researching buetooth headsets, I opted for this one based on the performance review and price point."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I wasn't sure if I wanted to purchase another bluetooth headset because the last one I purchased, a Motorola HS815, was terrible.  People were saying that they couldn't hear me or that there was too much static.  I figured it would be the same thing next time.  Boy was I wrong.  This headset is terrific.  I will give you some pros and cons:Pros:ClarityEase of UseBattery LifeVery Comfortable to wearDoes Not Fall OffThe only con is, I sometimes have difficulty intially putting it on becasue I wear glasses.  I occassionally have to use two hands to put it on my ear correctly.I would definitely recommend this item."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had 3 headsets already, and each one had something about it that I didn't like. I hesitated to buy this one, despite the great reviews, because I wanted one that didn't give me the 'telemarketer' look. Top things I was looking for were: sound quality, comfort, and battery life. This unit delivers on all 3 counts. It sounds fantastic, it's really comfortable (especially with the Jabra EarGels on the ear piece), and the battery lasts a long time. Looking back, this is the one that I should have bought in the first place. Recommended."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Plantronics 510 is comfortable to wear for hours and doesn't feel like it will fall off your ear.  It mates easily to my Treo 650 and also to my Bluetooth-enable laptop, which makes it possible to use the laptop for VoIP calls.  Reception is good, volume is adequate and the people I talk with say that my voice is clear.  The controls are a bit stiff, as others have said.  But that means they have good tactile feedback -- you know when you've pressed a button.One marginal shortcoming: the 510's clarity isn't good enough for it to replace the wired Plantronics USB headset I use for dictating to Dragon Systems \"Naturally Speaking\" voice recognition software on the laptop.  But that would be a stretch for any wireless headset.Prices vary widely; shop around."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset is perfect in reception and transmission.- Ear piece & MicrophoneThe reception on the ear piece is clear and loud. The microphone works flawlessly to faithfully relay your voice to the receiving end without little or no distortion or muffles.- Bluetooth FunctionThe bluetooth provides rock-solid connectivity. I've never had problems with broken or sporadic connection problems.- FormThe ear piece is comfortable. It take some effort, however, to put on the headphone. It is a somewhat awkward maneuver that involves the use of both hands to pull the \"loop\" open so it can go around the back of your ear while simultaneously wrestling with the ear piece to direct it into your ear.The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset functions flawlessly. However, I found that the design of the headset makes it an inconvenience to put on. Apart from the flawed ergonomics, this headset is just about perfect - 4.5 Stars!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I waited to review this product to see if time would show it is no good, and it did not show me that.  This is the best blue tooth device i have ever seen or used and have already convinced 3 other people to switch.  The battery lasts for I would guess about 8 hrs of talk time and 2-3 weeks without a charge with me only using it a little each day.  The sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static. The only improvement that I can think of is to put a battery meeter to let you know how much power is left instead of it just dying on you.  I just try to charge it every 1-2 weeks now before it dies and it is great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The reviews available on this product from the amazon website really helped me make a great decision.This model may not be the \"latest\" technology but it's enough for me. I only use it in the car because of all the issues that have been raised about driving safety. I feel better with both hands on the wheel, both eyes on the road.I'm not a device geek but this really works for me and the few requirements i have.Simple to use, I set it up in 10 min max.Fits fine, but I do activate the connection before i go down the road because the buttons are small and can be difficult to activate if you already have it behind your ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was the best Bluetooth I have owned because of performance and more importantly the fit. It was very comfortable on my ear and inside the ear, and I could keep it on for hours and not even remember it was there. Sound quality and features are excellent and worked as advertised. I have used with various phones. I used it every day for about 2 years until it started to break at the hinge. I used to just stuff it in my purse without a special case or protection, so I am not surprised it finally gave in. I see this product being sold for a lot of $$$ now, but I don't think I paid more than $40 for it. So it was a great deal and a great value. If I see it on sale again, I would buy it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is only my 2nd headset, and I much prefer it to the Motorola HS850.  It stays in your ear and has plenty of volume to overcome road noise in a car.  However, when my headset is on for extended periods, it sometimes experiences problems (will answer calls but not transfer them to the earpiece).  Turning headset off then on again fixes this problem.  Battery life and charge time seems excellent, but I don't have much to compare it to.  For those wanting to use it with your office phone also, the Plantronics bluetooth office phone adapter is EXPENSIVE ($200+ in Office Depot)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been able to carry conversations in my bedroom and bathroom while the phone itself sits in the living room!  The reception has been amazing.  I travel beyond 30 ft in different parts of my apartment and still get clear calls.  My friends can't tell that I'm on a BT headset.  In fact, they say it's clearer than if I were on a wired earpiece.  My problem with dropped calls has plummeted to almost nothing because I now position my phone in a decent area and talk wherever with this Plantronics BT.This is an ugly headset compared to others, but it works!  There's no point in having a cute BT if I can't use it.  I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Purchase through Amazon 4 months ago. Works great with my Razr phone. I'm a truck driver and have had problems in the past with hearing other party and with other party hearing background noise. I can hear very well with this bluetooth. The person I'm talking to can't tell I'm on a bluetooth about 90% of the time. I found that alot of the sound quality towards who I am speaking with has a lot to do with what they are talking on. I can't talk with Verizon customer service with this on. Calls are crystal clear while speaking with another person with a handsfree unit on. Speaking with someone on a landline is pretty good clarity for them, they can tell if my window is open or not and if boom is too far from cheek they can hear alot of background noise. No matter who I talk to I can hear great every time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For several years I used a Logitech Bluetooth for my cell phone, and while it worked great, it was always uncomfortable. When it snapped in two, I decided on the Voyager 510! Wow, not only does it work great, but it is VERY, VERY COMFORTABLE! In fact, I can honestly say I actually forget that I am wearing it, something I cannot say about my previous device. So for all of you thinking of a headset, you cannot go wrong with this one! Five stars!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For a few years I have been with verizon .My last phone was the Motorola e815 .Recently I retired and didn't need all the mins I got on the $39 plan(with taxes came to $44)  pro: I bought the razr v3 on ebay and transfered over to T-Mobile prepaid.the phone works just great and through my Parrot 3200ls handsfree sounds just great.con:When I went to program speed dialing .Boy was I disappointed .First it would only allow 20 voice tags .Then I had to record each individual tag for voice recognition My e815 allowed me to use unlimited voicetags and I didn't have to record my voice on each number,anyones voice would work using any name in my phone book .The Razr is supposed to be an improvement ,which it's not .The Motorola e815 was the best phone I ever owned ,and now Motorola screwed it up .Whats the point of using bluetooth handsfree dialing when you have to scroll down to a name to dial,taking your hands off the wheel  .Wake up Motorola ,Thats stupid ."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had a RAZR V2 and it was the best cell phone I ever had so I up graded to the RAZR V3 late last year (2007).  The RAZR V3 is by far the worst cell phone that I've owned.  It is beautiful and has great features but it keeps failing I have had 5 of these phones so far (the original purchased one plus 4 refurbished replacements) 1st phone: after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 2nd phone would not charge from the get go / 3rd phone after about a month the screen would no longer light up / 4th phone after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 5th phone has been working for about a month now.  I really like the RAZR phones, WHEN THEY WORK but this V3 model has been terrible and I would rate it lower than 1 star if possible."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Searched for \"droid 3 chargers\" when making my purchase. This was the first product to pop up, had decent reviews, and was cheap. I purchased 3. The product arrived on time. HOWEVER this product does NOT fit our droid 3 phones. I contacted customer service over the course of 9 times. No results in replacement, return or refund. Contactd by phone and w/in the first 2 min of the convo the F-bomb was dropped twice. Very offensive and unprofessional. Needles to say, I have 3 chargers that dont fit any of my phones. Anyone wanna trade?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered this charger as a travel companion, so I didn't always have to pack my original charger.  It's been wonderful having one I can just leave at home and one that travels with me.  I've had no problems with this charger at all.  Be aware that this is a MINI-USB connector, and while it will charge my newer smart phones, it requires a Mini to Micro -USB adapter... and is not as fast as the new chargers. But it does just fine for an over-night charging from less than 10% to fully-charged."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I agree with the other poster. Why blame the phone because you broke the screen. Is the monitor at home bad because you dropped it off the table. The phone is the best smart phone out there. People have had issues with resets, but that is more of a conflict with the many apps that you can load on it and usually can be solved. I love this phone. Also...do not rate 1 star and then say the phone is good, but verizon is bad. That is unfair since it lowers the over all rating. Ignore the guy who broke his phone...this is a very good phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Just received it today from A1 Accessories.  I bought it solely to use on xbox live so I wouldn't have to keep moving my other headset that I use for work (I work at home).  My friends kept asking me to repeat myself.  One said that he had to turn down his tv volume so he could hear me (no lie).  I switched back to the other headset and I was back to crystal clarity.  After that, I threw this one in the trash.. Good thing it only cost me $5 or so."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Plug this in. Sometimes it connects; sometimes it doesn't.I hear callers just fine, but they ask if I am in the bathroom when I wear this.If I leave it plugged into the earphone jack of my phone, it somehow manages to turn my phone off after a few minutes of non-use.I would send it back, but my total cost was only $3.My phone is an older Motorola v365, and I'm sticking with to my BluetoothPlantronics 510 [Retail Packaging]. Maybe this can be an emergency backup."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bottom line: can't use because the volume of my voice is too low for people to easily hear.  Bought off of ebay after my c200 cord was cut.  The c200 worked well, but this c250 with the longer \"boom\" mic extension was not as loud.  Jabra headsets are very comfortable and easy to wear all day.  Reasonably easy to put on with one hand once you get the hang of it.  I am not sure if my problem was unusual, but these corded headsets seem to be hit or miss.  I have had other brands where the sound quality is not very good or too low.I will just reorder another c200 and take my chances with that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am using the Jabra BT350 with a Sony Ericsson K750i.  This works like a charm.  It took a while to set up (problems with resetting my phone), but once I synced the two devices, I have not had any problems.  The sound quality is superb, and the functions are outstanding.  They include vibrating alert (I've turned it off), call accept and call decline (much needed).  It also allows you the opportunity to automatically call the last number dialed. The voice dialing also works great.  I was not able to record the name through the BT350, but once recorded, the phone recognized the name when spoken through the BT350.  An addition, the battery life is great.  I have not had to recharge it in a while.  All and all, this is a great choice for a \"handsfree\" set to be used with a mobile phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset fits so comfortably on my ear and I especially like that I can use either ear. I can hear so much better with the Jabra than the expensive Motorola headset I had that was always falling off my ear.  In fact I was using the Motorola talking with my son, in a lot of pain and needing help.  When I turned my head, it fell off and out of reach.  My son called an ambulance when he could no longer hear me. My elderly Mom says she can hear me better on this headset too.Spring 2007 and this item stopped working.  I'm irritated that it didn't last longer."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had a motorola Bluetooth headset.  I felt like Lt. Uhura with a giant ear piece in StarTrek.  I had a hard time keepig it in and after 20 mintues it hurt my ear.  It came with my accessory kit in one box with the car charger and case so I just used it and grumbled.  But when my toddler flushed it I got the Jabra as a replacement.I love it!  It works and stays in my ear, feels comfortable even after 3-4hours in my ear.  I use it only when I drive and I have used the voice dial and it works perfectly.  I set the voice commands using the headset and it works.  When I set them without using the headset it did not work well.Great little device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I hate this phone...I was drawn to it by it's appearance and size but what a horrible dissapointment.  I had to get motorola mobile tools and 'hack' the volume so I could hear it - the loudest default setting is just too low. The display is impossible to see outside in bright light, I detest it that it has such a poor means of displaying missed calls, if the same caller has attempted to reach you multiple times, it displays the last call time only. I just returned this phone for a replacement because of dust under the display screen, I was told that it is a 'known' issue, but that my replacement phones warranty will expire this month at the same time as the original that I purchased."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I wanted to keep my car free and clear of cables so I purchased a retractable cable to at least keep it more organized. The retractable part works fine but the cable is pretty thin. I hooked it up to my stereo and I could here a lot of static. I then tried a not retractable cable that was pretty thick and the static was gone and the sound was a lot better. You have to sacrifice sound for clutter free cables or go with sound and have wires all over. I stopped using this since I couldn't stand the static. I am not sure if its the cable I got or not but I will stick to the non retractable cable. I'll just have to find a short one since the 3 foot one I have is too long."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This earpiece worked well for me.  It had good range and sound quality and the hands free activation was very useful. One huge design flaw as I see it however was the on/off button.  To turn on/off the device you have to hold down the button.  After only a few months of use the button began to malfunction and over time the button totally stopped working. I purchased the device in November and by March the button had stopped working at all.  Since this is the same button that you have to push to answer a call, disconnect a call or activate voice recognition when the button stopped working the device became pretty useless."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have to say, this was a shockingly good experience. I have had mine almost a year when I lost it. I found it the following afternoon, in the parking lot at work. It spent a day and a night on the ground in the rain and even got either stepped on or driven over, as the earhook was broken off. The unit still worked! It would wedge into my ear and I could still use it very easily-albeit uncomfortably. Why not 5 stars? Because the ear hook pivot/swivel loosened with use to point where it would fall out of my ear. I replaced with a 350 due to budget, I wanted to get a 655 but we'll see how this does."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I recently bought a new cell phone (Sony Ericsson Z520a) with Bluetooth. I spent a few days researching the various headsets out there, and soon discovered that only a handful appeared to be worth buying -- and all were between $100 and $150, which I did not want to spend. I came across these by accident, and couldn't find any of the negative comments common with headsets in this price range. Granted they're only Bluetooth v1.2, but they're light, have a built-in rechargable battery, are quite comfortable to wear, and have very good sound quality. In addition, the pairing process is quite simple.If your priorities are quality sound, comfort, built-in battery, and reasonable price, these will be hard to beat. I like it so much I bought a second one for my wife."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Before I have this product, I have ordinary earphones for my Moto680 cellphone which has stero radio, also I have other moto blue tooth earphone, but this one is good, long time power supply but it is more heavier than the single ear bluetooth.Volumn control is good, loud enough. single ear BT is out of control some times, you may hear nothing when you walking on the busy street or windy days. This one give you all availability.drawback: 1. when phone call comes in, you will wait for longer time than single ear BT. 2. the size is big, can not put in your regualr pocket. 3. the pad easily drops, you may lose one of the two very soon. I used glue.Anyway, it is good one, you can talk to 2 hours meeting several times with one time full recharging.I love it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I paired it with my computer and cell phone at the same time, both for accepting audio streams. Pairing needs some trail but finally I can bond them. The pairing and re-pairing to my phone maybe because I have a ZN5.The quality and ease of use is very good. However, I have to get use to its behind of neck design. It is also a bit heavy and painful if you don't wear it correctly. The problem is that if you don't use it for a while, you have to take it off, or the narrow collar will squeeze the neck very uncomfortably.Recommended for ease of use, sound quality."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Durable.  Sounds great.  Mic provides good sound for those on the other endof the connection.  I like the wrap-around fit (walkman-style headphones look dorky - wrap around is better).  Although.. after 30 minutes the tips of my ears can become sore which I am learning to cope with.  I use it with Motorola L2 cell phone and Anycom 250 USB dongle for Skype.  This is the one to get.  I had a competing Plantronics product -- in fact two of them -- but they both broke in the same place due to the use of plastic in high-stress areas.  The Motorola design is much smarter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset for my wife for her to use with a Samsung A900 (\"the blade\").  The earpiece is extremely small and comfortable and the battery life is long enough for her to talk on it over an hour each day.  She charges it each night.  The sound through this headset has a typical \"bluetooth tinny\" aspect that overly compressed digital sound has but it is in-line with what I've observed on other bluetooth headsets.The number of adapters and the clever battery-powered charger attachment help this headset stand out from the crowd.Setup is a breeze and it is very easy to use.  She is not a technophile but she loves her handsfree Plantronics 640!The unit would be 5 stars if the sound quality were better.  I also wish it had multipoint like the 5xx-series from Plantronics."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the \"in the ear\" approach. It's extremely comfortable. You have several options as far as finding a comfortable fit. It comes with a portable charger, which is a prelude to things to come.I could hear any caller without problems but in noisy environments they couldn't hear me. In a quite environment it worked very well. The battery is terrible. Their listing is \"up to 3 hours\". There's no way you can get that much talk time out of this. I heard allot of static. I couldn't wear my phone in the holster because of that.I'm a frequent business traveler and it doesn't work well for my needs. However, it does have some positive traits. The main two problems are extraneous noise problem and poor battery life. So if you're not in a loud area or heavy user it's a great headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I,M A TRUCK DRIVER AND THIS HEADSET IS PERFECT FOR USE IN TRUCKS, MY FRIENDS TURNED ME ON TO THIS MODEL. I USED OTHERS THAT SAID THEY WERE NOISE CANCELLING AND THEY DID A NICE JOB IN MY CAR BUT SOON AS I USED THEM IN MY TRUCK NO ONE COULD UNDERSTAND ME. THE BLUE PARROT HAS A NICE QUIET SOUND TO IT, EVERYONE SAYS I SOUND GOOD ALSO WITH THE THE CUP EARPIECE I HAVE TO TURN THE VOLUME DOWN OR IT BLOWS ME OUT SO YOU HEAR VERY WELL WITH IT. THE ONLY THING I HAVE EVER HEARD CLOSE TO THIS WAS THE PLANTRONICS 510 BUT THE EARPIECE WAS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THIS"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Amanda Richards hit the nail on the head, but she didn't get into how nice the Bluetooth is on this phone.  In addition to being a VERY SOLID (both in build and function) phone with a lot of features you wouldn't expect to find in something this low in price, you'll also get FULL Bluetooth 1.2 capability.What does this mean?Well, you can transfer mp3 ringtones to it, you can connect a headset to it, you can transfer themes and photos to and from it and you can even tether it to your laptop to use as a modem!If you want a fancy phone, you'll have to pay for it.  But, if you want a decent phone that has an awesome battery life, a sharp, colorful screen, Bluetooth that works and custom themes, then you can't do better than this!I like this phone and use it often as a backup phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use in an old-school minivan, with a deep dashboard, and my phone is a Galaxy II (I know, I'll update it soon!)Pros:1- Sticks well on window.  I've used on all kinds of roads (and switched to 3 different cars), always works great.2- Easily adjustable.  Quickly adjusts to whatever angle, whether flexing the arm or turning sideways/straight up.  The ability of the tabs on the side to fold in are the best design of the 3 I've had.  The others maintained a fixed holder on the bottom, which affected how it held when I turned it sideways.3- Wow, I love the grip design.  It allows each arm to slide left/right.  So, I can keep the bottom ones tighter to avoid pressure on my volume buttons while sliding one of the top ones to avoid pressure on my action button.I haven't found a con yet.Good luck!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The design is good and it would be an excellent product if the quality was anything more than terrible. The buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking. Now I press and press and nothing happens. It's a shame because the rest of it works decently.The suction cup holds well and the tube coming from the cup is pretty sturdy. It moves a lot when the car is moving so you would need to rest it on the dash which would help somewhat but not perfectly.Overall one star only because with the poor quality it is worthless in spite of the few good points."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great idea and design, not great execution and materials.It works good, but once mounted, almost impossible to adjust-out the sides with the ratcheting mechanism. You sort of have to tilt it backwards to make the ratchet action work. When mounted, you can't tilt it, so it's a real hassle to open.I have mine set, and I just wedge the phone into it when I want to use it.I primarily use it when driving through New York city, to use my phone as a dash-cam. Eventually I'd like to get video of the people that walk into my car or cyclists that ride into it... It's great for that.It's obvious the plastic or construction material allows it to fall out of tolerance, which means the ratchet action ceases to function. It's a crapshoot when you build a complex mechanism out of parts that break or wear easy, or aren't built to spec in the first place."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We bought the Plantronics CS-55 Wireless Headset over three years ago for use in our small business and it was one of the best purchases we have made. My wife asked me to get her wireless headset that she \"wouldn't have to mess with\" so I selected this one since it is what my company uses (a Fortune 500) in it's call centers. Here are my observations:+ Good Range; the unit covers all of our fairly large shop+ Easy to Setup; just follow the simple instructions and go+ Easy to Use; simple as picking up the phone and turning on the headset (we addedPlantronics HL10 Handset Lifterto make it even easier)+ Great Sound Quality; we never had any static issues, even in our heavily wireless environment- Heavy; not absurdly so, but takes some getting used toThis headset gets used just about everyday that our shop is open and it has never given us any problems. It has passed the test of time with flying colors!Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We finally tried the Plantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headset and it is AWESOME!  We were using Plantronics CS50 headsets and they just give off feeback and crackle.The Plantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headset is really great, good sound quality, no feedback, no buzzing in your ear!  And people can actually hear you!We have 7 wireless headsets working in our office and 2 are the CS-55.  Once the CS50 ones break (which will be soon) I will be replacing them all with the CS-55!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my first blackberry.  How I got along without it all this time I have no idea.  Earpiece quality sounds great, speaker phone sounds great, microphone sounds great.  The overall layout is quite genius.  I love all the programmable features and the bluetooth accessories are a must.  Web browsing with EDGE technology is surprisingly fast.  If you text message often as I do, the keyboard and the \"auto-text\" features are amazing.  I literally send text messages 10 times faster than I used to.  If you live by email as I do, (90% of my clients orders are placed through email), receiving them instantly is so important.  No more running back to the office or home to check for orders.  I highly recommend this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Galaxy S3 is a great phone, but its finish is very slippery, and the phone is too easy to drop. This case solves that problem inexpensively, and without adding a lot of bulk. The volume and power keys are harder to operate than without the case, though. That's a good thing for the power button, as it prevents accidental power-ons. It's not as good for the volume control, though. But it's well worth the price.Note that in order to get the holes to line up right, I had to put the volume control side of the phone in the case first, then stretch the case over the power button side of the phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for my wife for christmas and i am disapointed in the voice quality.  When she is in the car talking to me on it I can barely hear her because of the car noise and even with her having the radio on low it is still annoying to hear everything in the background.  For the almost $50 price tag i thought it would be better quality since it was the step up from the entry level bluetooth.  I also havent found how to put it on the left ear yet, i feel like i am going to break it if i try to pull the ear loop off.I would recommend spending another $40 and buying the Jawbone bluetooth.  I got one as a present and it works great and fits better on my ear.  I drastically reduces background noise.Overall, I am not impressed by motorola and thought they would make a better bluetooth for this price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The weight is nice and balance on the year is good.  The features are good, but one must remember certain button combinations for extended features (like press two buttons at the same time to mute the microphone).  The battery life is good.  A significant issue is that it picks up surrounding noise better than the person's voice who is taking, which means that it often can't be used.  If you don't drive a very quiet car, like a BMW or Mercedes, then users may complain that they can't hear you and ask you to \"pick up the phone.\""}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Well, it's a good little bluetooth for the money.. I've only had a couple times when it's cut out on me and not worked right, but 3/4 of the time it works beautifully and people don't even know I'm on it! I think the times that I did cut out was because I was too close to metallic objects.. pipes and things.. so.. that sounds like a good excuse..eh?Works good for me, and is cute and small, fits like a dream, good battery life.. all in all is a good bluetooth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this bluetooth as a gift for a family member's Sony Ericsson cell phone.  We had to play around with it at first to get it working properly.  She still has minor issues with the headset, but overall she likes it.We decided not to return the headset because I did pair it with my iPhone 3G, after three attempts, without using the passcode.  I was able to use most features easily, with clear reception.  So the earpiece isn't defective.  The price was to good as well.Buyer beware, and do the research on the pairing capibilities with your electronic device and this bluetooth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that I was able to justify buying one:) The H500 works fine with our LG Shine. Although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (Well, not too bad really).It was an easy setup. The device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. It also has a nice blue LED light. Available in many colors of choice.Why 3 stars? The volume control is hardly palpable. It is hard to adjust the volume while in use. Your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust. Even the call button is difficult to press.I like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear. It is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered the H700 after reading a number of good reviews. I got it from Circuit City, so it's not a 'counterfeit'.  It pairs well with my Moto Q9C, and it is very comfortable- but thats the end of the good things I can say about it. The volume is too low for me to hear callers if there is any ambient noise, and the static which happens sporadically *usually when I'm on an important call makes this virtually unusable.  I guess I will RMA and see if this one is a dud and the replacment is any better."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had my H700 for almost a year now, and not until recently did I learn it was a FAKE!  WOAH!  After reading the PDF on this page about how to spot a fake, I quickly learned the one I picked up on eBay was a fake.However, the headset has worked VERY well.  I compared it to a bluespoon AX7 in-ear headset, and I ended up keeping my fake H700.  Overall, it has been a very good copy, although not the real thing.  Very reliable.  However, I am still disappointed that I did not get the real headset.Is there anything I can do about this?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I previously owned an H300 and was impressed with the quality for the price.  When I lost the H300 I decided to try the H700.  I was most interested in the improved sound quality and the fit around the ear.  In those two areas the H700 is definitely an improvement over the H300.  I did not use the voice activated commands, so I cannot speak to that, but I do see where that could be useful.Overall I do see the H700 as an improvement over the H300.  My only problem with it, which is why I did not give it 5 stars, was the Bluetooth drop out.  It seems that the Bluetooth on the H700 drops out more often than the H300.  I would say that it drops out on 1 in every 20 calls."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I read a lot of reviews on a lot of headsets before purchasing this one. I've had it for a month now and so far the performance is just fine. I use it mostly in the car with no problems. People tell me they can hear me just fine. The battery life is good; the lights on the headset are helpful indicators. I like the small lightweight size.My wife tried it out and was pleased with it. So I've purchased a red one for her....she'll get it for Christmas."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had the 850 and thought that it was decent but could be better so I bought the 700. Let me just say that I own the Motorola V330 and from reading the other reviews, it seems that this headset works best with the razr. That being said, it does not work well with the v330. If you move more than 4 feet away from your phone, you get a ton of static. People tell me that I sound muffled when I'm talking to them. My advice is to only get this if you have the razr otherwise forget it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When it comes to headsets, the sound quality is the bottom line for me. I'm sorry to say that this one doesn't have it. I found the function excellent and especially liked the folding boom mike. I find it easier to use the folding boom to turn it on/off when dropping it in a pocket rather than using a button like on most other models. The big issue for me was the muffled sound, both for me and the caller. The other problem is that in a noisy environment holding a conversation became a real problem. I have tested 8 different headsets by pairing two of them at a time, putting one in each ear, and switching between them during a call. This lets me and the caller make a reasonable comparison of sound quality. Only one of the other 7 I tested did worse. (I also tested the Motorola HS850 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one.)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a replacement for a prior Motorola bluetooth headset of very similar design. I was quite pleased with the old one, until after about 2 years when it just died. That was 2 years of daily service, so not an issue. But this new one has issues holding pairing with a Blackberry 8700G, and has significant voice static unless the Blackberry is on the same side of my body as the headset, and not in the holster. The old one didn't have that problem.On the positive side, the USB mini charger saves me one more power adaptor when traveling, which is a good thing. They should all have that feature."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this bluetooth headset for two main reasons. First, it uses the same charger as both my Motorola Razr and RIM Blackberry 8700C. Secondly the device easily turns on and off each time you extend the microphone.I've used about 1/2 dozen other bluetooth headsets and this is one of my favorites.Here are my summarized pros and cons:PROS:-Uses the same charger as other Motorola RAZR phones-Open/Close microphone to turn headset on/off-Small, lightweight and easy to put on (one handed eve)CONS:-Only connects to one BT device at a time. I have both a RAZR and Blackberry that I carry with me everywhere. With these two devices I cannot have the H700 connect simultaneously (other Bluetooth products - notably the Plantronics) are able to connect simultaneously to two devices.I recommend this headset, and Amazon has the most competitive pricing available. Easily beating even the discount superstores where I'd seen this for 50% more."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like this headset. It is very comfortable and lightweight. Stays on fine when adjusted properly. The volume is great. Callers say they can hear me fine without noise interference. What I like best is You can close it to turn it off an open it and it automatically reconnects. You can answer call waiting with this too. Also I haven't had it randomly disconnect as I turn my head as my other one did. I don't know about battery life yet as i only have had it 3 days."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "a lovely Bluetooth headset design to fit most bluetooth enabled phones does the job as requiredperfect function and great quality call sound and microphone is extra ordinaryGreat Great GreatGreat QualityGreat SoundGreat microphoneGreat JobGreat Pricethis bluetooh was a must to find i searched all over the globe but did not  reach out finally amazon went back in stock with this the seller of this one was  great and of course the deviceit functions well and is absolutely a breakthrough keeps a charge long leather end for comfortabilty and fashioneasy use easy pair easy happy product defentily recomandedi got this and this works wellwhy take the Plantronics v510s or something similar they all have a similar look while this is exactly a third price and functions same great?!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "However I just did not enjoy the size of this behind the ear unit, found it to be too big. It is a little difficult at first learning how to slip this around your ear but after awhile it works out ok. Please note that you do not get to use your selected ring tone, it automaticly (Motorola hand set) defaults to its standard ring while the blue tooth is actively connected. You can turn the ear piece off then power on to answer in order to keep your fav ring tone. All in all it works very well, sound and loundness were very good. However, I just did not like the size of this unit. It is quite bulky.EDITJust picked up a HS850, now that is more to my liking, however I hope there will be no issues of a broken wire in the flip boom as the reviewer above mentioned."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I got it I was a little scared. It was my 1st bluetooth and it looked like something straight out of Star Trek. You have to be a little careful with the twisting earpiece since it's in a sliding ball inside and can slip out of the groove very easily if you change ears too much(which mine did on day three). The range is not as far as you would like it to be, but boy can it hold a charge. It'll outlast your cellphone battery everytime! And, the fit was pretty comfy behind the ear. The buttons are also very easy to use. Remember to speak up though...people tend to have a problem hearing you as well as you will be hearing them."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love the size, form factor, and usability of this headset.  Incoming sound is good.  Unfortunately, the outgoing sound is a deal breaker.  If there is any background noise, this headset will pick it up and transmit it just as loud as your voice.  The DSP helps a little, but affects the sound quality dramatically (think overcompressed MP3).  I am an attorney and need to talk to clients; I need to sound professional.  Unfortunately, this $100 headset does not match the sound quality of a $25 wired headset with a boom mic.  I am trying to modify mine by rewiring it with a boom mic from an [...] headset, but so far I have not gotten it to work.  I am willing, though, to risk destroying the JX10 in order to have a chance at better outgoing sound."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm very happy with my Jabra JX10 headset.  My treo 650 is very finicky but it works pretty well with the Jabra.  The Jabra JX10 is amazingly small and most people can't even tell I'm on a wireless headset (which is really amazing because everybody knows when my wife is on her Plantronics 640).Also, I have a car with a convertible top and I can still hear people fine when using this headset- it's quite loud.P.S.  I upgraded to a Treo 755p in the summer of 2007 and it continued to work great - range and sound quality were even better with the Treo 755p."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have this headset for work and use the band that wraps around the head instead of just the ear loop.  I find this is the most comfortable option for me.  The headset has been great and I have never had a problem with it since i have owned it (approx 2 years).  The range is great and I can get up from my desk and walk to the printer during a call no problem.  Overall I am very pleased with this headset and others in my office have purchased this based on my recommendation and they love it as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "While waiting for my order to arrive, I read a negative review about a terrible echo.  My advice to that reviewer - consider reading the instructions and adjust the mouth piece away from your mouth (not in the instructions).  Initially the headset hanging on one ear was a little uncomfortable, but within days I was walking out of the office forgetting I was even wearing it.  The range at the building I work is less than 100 feet, not a problem for my use.  Can't imagine not having the headset lifter or the flashing light accessory that clearly tells others when I am on the phone!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My old Plantronics headset needed to be replaced and I went with this one.  It is much more sturdy, with the headset resting very comfortably in the charging unit.  My old one would 'float' once in a while and not charge when I thought it was, which meant I couldn't use it the next day until it charged for a while.  Not so with this unit.I had a behind the head band I use which for me is very comfortable and I can quickly take the headset off and it rests on my shoulders.  Sound quality is excellent.  I have not had any complaints on the other end either.Highly recommend this product for anyone needing versatility and walking around from the base unit.  I can easily get files from across the room or do other things while talking without missing a beat."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The ability to leave my MP3 music (cell phone) in my gym bag and get a serious workout without disruption is worth the price along. Being on call, it's also important that I don't miss any of those important phone calls. Getting interrupted with a voice announcement of who's calling makes it all worthwhile. After the first use I was hooked. All of my weekday workouts are with my bluetooth stereo headset. As for the weekends, I'm back to the Zune, not because I dislike the headphones, because I need to escape from the phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best phone I ever owned.  Reception is very good, battery life is good, ring is audible, and quality of voice is very good.  Mine already came with ear phone, USB cable, leather case and 256MB memory card.  There are a few things that are not so good: - Need to clean cover frequently (it gets easily smudged); - MP3 sound is not perfect (well this is a phone not a MP3 player); - Once when I switched the GSM card it reverted to Kanji characters and I had a hard time to find the English option ;)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Given the other reviews here, decided that getting two batteries would be smart due to the freshness issue, in case the first one didn't last as long.  (My original battery was worn out.)  It's been a couple months now and the first battery is still going strong where before I needed to have the charger with me to finish my calls.  Price was a major factor here compared to retail and I wanted to wait a few months before considering a new phone.  The much lower price made this plan easier, giving me plenty of time to consider the next generation of Razr.  And if these batteries quickly died in the short-term then I didn't lose that much in the deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The batteries were exactly as advertised, they were delivered in a normal timeframe, there were no issues or hiccups or drama with the vendor.  It was \"slam, bam, thank you, sirs or madams.\"  Battery life is really subjective as everyone's \"normal\" is different.  But life is definitely restored compared to my original 2 year old battery.  My experience is use of Bluetooth really drains batteries quickly.  But that's a Bluetooth issue that goes away if you don't use Bluetooth.  I have no complaints at all with this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is almost perfect for my Palm Treo 700.  The fit is great.  The leather is soft and of very high quality.  The magnetic closure is the best I've seen, with no alignment required yet very secure.  The one exception is the belt clip.  It takes three men and a dog to get it on or off the belt!  It is so tight that I think you could tear the case getting it on or off unless you pry it off with something like a pen.  I don't know what they were thinking putting such a tight clip on such a great case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The only thing that I can add to the the reviews already posted on this device is my own experiences - we ordered 2 of the 'bulk packaged' bundles which include the headset and the charger.Positives:- No earbud going into the ear - this is a BIG positive because I can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.- Quick charging.- Easy to pair - in my case with a Razr and a Blackberry.- Easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.- Pretty good instructions.Negatives:- My wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.- Being as small as it is, perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included.At this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a good blue tooth. I can hear great with this product. My husband had a problem with it, that is wasn't load enough for him. He drives truck. Just a little bulky for my taste. This is the first blue tooth I had when I got my first blue tooth compatible phone. Had lots of them.The only draw back is. They only lasted about six months and we had to get new one. And the product does pick up allot of background noise. But it does work well. Would recommend this to others."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've owned two of these. It is great that it rests against your ear, and is very comfortable not having an earpiece sticking in your ear. The first one I owned, after a month, lost most of its volume. I could not make the volume louder via the volume control; the volume control actually never seemed to work, but at least at first the volume was real good...for about a month. The second one I bought lasted about 9 months, but now the button to answer or hang up on a call does not work."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "But you wont find a better choice at this time. The on off switch by folding the headset and the easy to push buttons make all the difference in the world.  Don't believe me, then purchase the Jabra or one of the other headsets, place it in your pocket or purse and answer a call from your phone.  Chances are you will have forgotten to turn the unit off and your caller will be live wherever you left your Bluetooth headset within 30 feet.  The H700 folds when you take it off your ear and when it folds, it turns off.  Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this product for a dive trip to Fiji. While in Fiji I decided to take a kayak out with my camera inside this 'waterproof' case. The case was sitting between my legs and during the trip out it slid into some water. The water was maybe 2&#34; deep. It didn't even completely submerge the case. Once I was out a ways I wanted to take a picture of the resort. When I lifted the case I knew there was an issue right away when water came pouring out.My camera was ruined on the 2nd day of my 10-day vacation. There is no place to find another camera. I would have been better off putting the camera in my pocket than this case.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is mega study. I bought this because I go kayaking with my dad.The case is big enough to fit my IPhone and IPod in their perfectly (with their protective cases), without them moving around in there.Length wise, for just storing those 2 items it's a bit big, but at the same time its not big enough for me to squeeze my wallet in there as well.Size wise, I would have preferred a little smaller to perfectly fit the phones, or a bit longer to fit something else in there as well.That's my fault though. You can read about the sizes but I never seem to picture it right until I have the product sitting right in front of me.But it gets the job done. I recommend."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great interface, but the pen is faulty. I have used the Palm and the pen is easy to use. The pen for the mda doesn't work sometimes and it's operation isn't smooth. The screen isn't very big which is a turn off for such a heavy and bulky tool.The email tool doesn't have an option to set business hours so you have it still downloading mail 24hrs, that wasn't good. i like my business tool silent when I am at home. And it is locked by T-mobile such that you can't install Java applications like Google maps.I returned it, for the weight it should give me the feel of an HP-IPAQ or mini-computer but I didn't get that feel at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this headset.  It's lightweight, easy to adjust for right or left ear, with clear sound on both talk and listen.  This headset sounds great when talking, unlike others that sound faint to the listener.  It's very clear to listen with, and comfortable due to it's lightweight design so one can leave it on for hours.  To switch ears, you simply pivot the ear bud and voila, it fits the other ear.  It has a mute and volume control, but I never use them since my phone has a mute button on it and the volume is adjusted the way I like it.I really like this headset and would buy again if I lost it.Plantronics MX505-X1 Windsmart Boom Headset with 2.5mm Plug (Black and Gray)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had a few of these (broke them, totally my fault) and I use them with the adapter for my Android phone. I am very sensitive about clients and calls with press people hearing me clearly, easily and consistently. I take this headset and the sister 3-in-1 version any day over several bluetooth headsets I have purchased over the years. I know its an older product, but it works extremely well. If they made them out of Titanium, I would buy it at almost any price because I have trashed (again, my fault, dog ate one, I crushed the other) two of them. Thankfully they are inexpensive."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The C139 is the cheapest model in Tracfone's lineup.  It's a very good basic phone that gives you good voice clarity and easy text messaging.  Because Tracfone doesn't have a lot of services to offer (which isn't a bad thing for people who only want basic cellular service), this phone doesn't give you music downloads or live TV (which on other carriers are mostly misleading hype anyway).  The color screen is small but good-quality.  The only thing I don't like is Tracfone's 60-day refill polic: you must refill every 60 days to keep your account active; otherwise you forfeit your number and balance.  Other prepaid providers like Speak Out Wireless (from 7-Eleven) give you one full year of usage."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Beware Tracfone. I regret that Amazon won't let me give them 0 stars. We got this phone for my wife's aunt last December. After 1 year of trying to get this working, she still cannot receive calls. She can call out, but no one can call her. Tracfone support is useless (and generally only marginally speaks English). You also cannot manage the phone or minutes on line. You have to call in and give them about 60 digits that the phone shows you to do almost anything. We're letting this one die with over 400 units left on it because it is basically useless. Coverage isn't good either, but who cares if you can't receive calls anyway? There has got to be a better option, because I doubt there are many worse ones."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this thing for years now, and use it all the time. At one point I went to plug my USB cord in without looking and totally smashed the internal stuff up inside the top! I thought it was broken, however after finding something small to push the innerds back down to where the cord would once again fit inside, it's worked just fine. Never cuts out or anything. I still have to be careful, otherwise I'll push the internal casing back upwards - I'm sure I broke some little stabilizer - but I can get it back down easily. I'm impressed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Went on a cruise, wanted something waterproof for cell phone and wallet contents while on the beach or doing activities where stuff might get wet.  This little number fit the bill quite well.  Durable plastic, clever latches that work well to seal the top.  I leak tested it before leaving, and was impressed with the seal.  When we went snorkelling there were free lockers to use, so I didn't actually use it IN the water, but I would have felt safe doing so if lockers weren't available. We like to canoe during the summer, this will be much more convenient for cell phones, etc, than the larger dry bag I have been using.  My wife was impressed enough with mine that she wants one by summertime.  Recommend!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This cable functions fine (at first), but it probably won't hold up to everyday use.  I've inserted mine maybe 20 times, and one of the spring-loaded contacts just became permanently stuck, making the cable worthless.  Sure it's dirt cheap, which is nice compared to the expensive real Nokia cable, but with what these accessory vendors charge for shipping, I'd recommend ordering several of these at one time from a source with a good deal on multiple items.  I'm now trying to decide whether to do that myself or shell out for the real deal with a real warranty."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am using this to keep my Garmin Nuvi 360 powered up while driving.  I didn't know this when I got it, but if the Garmin is plugged in and not using battery power, it automatically turns on when the car is turned on (that's what I get for not reading the instruction manual, lol).To have a cleaner appearance in the car, I have the mini-usb plugged into the ball mount that is holding the GPS and not plugged into the GPS itself.  Unfortunately, that port is really close to the ball mount which restricts it's movement when plugged in.  With the adapter, it makes the cable less intrusive and makes the GPS free to adjust with the ball mount to nearly any position desired.  In combination with a 1.50 mini-usb cable, probably the cheapest way to keep my Nuvi charged while driving!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased the Jabra A125s Bluetooth iPod Adapter along with the Jabra BT620s Bluetooth Headphone and have enjoyed both.  They were easy to set up and since they are both from the same manufacturer they both use the same charger so I do not have any extra ones to worry about and I always have a spare to take with me when I am gone for long periods of time.The only suggestions that I would have would be for a positive connection to my iTouch; as it is now it is too easy to wiggle out just enough so that the connection is not good and I have to push it back in.Of course this only happens when I am walking it works great when I am just lounging around listening to tunes."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this to use my 5g iPod with my BT-3030 BT adapter.I got this over the 125s because I can potentially use this with anything that has a 3.5mm jack. And the 125s looked a bit fragile.At least with my BT-3030 it works very well.  It doesn't have a lot of range (40 feet at most line of sight) but that's not my concern.Only downsides are no user replaceable battery and it only charges with USB.  It'd be nice if it doubled as a USB to BT dongle for the PC, but oh well.It's a lot smaller than I thought it'd be.  So small in fact that Jabra should consider making an iPod sleeve with a a120s pocket attached. (are you listening Jabra?)The other minor issue is that when it's fully charged, the power button/indicator LED changes green, but not always.  Sometimes it'll go green after an hour sometimes after 10.I'd recommend this to anyone wanting to use a simple universal BT transmitter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this transmitter on the back of my tv with my Bluetooth headphones. It works perfectly for my purpose and the battery lasts pretty long, given the size of this thing. It's really small, smaller than a matchbox even. Charges up in about 2 hours and will go for a couple weeks, with an hour or two of use per day. I did have some problems trying to get this thing to pair, it's looks as if there are no buttons, don't worry, it's there. The light is also the button, on the opposite side of the USB charging port, and the audio cable. Once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it. Then you'll have no problems. I definitely recommend this little transmitter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Screen is absolutely beautiful, charging either by car jack or wall takes only minutes to get a full charge that lasts days.  Quickdial, camera, online button, voicedialing all great.  Antenna is excellent, but not perfect.  Walkman is good, but could use a little more human factors work.  Small as it is, the speaker and microphone is phenomenal and cuts through noise very well.  Adding google maps and Yahoo! mail to the phone and it's a multimedia powerhouse that plays music and keeps you up to date.  Excellent bang for the buck."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Samsung has made a very attractive and slim slider phone with an incredibly vivid color LCD. This is probably one of the best slider phones on the market. The only complaint that I have is the keys on the main outer display are too flush and if you have larger fingers, then you will probably constantly hit the wrong buttons. Sound quality is excellent and will also depend on carrier reception. Speakerphone is very good and can be utilized with or without phone being opened. Overall, an excellent entry into the slider phone market by Samsung in a compact package."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the phone Cingular insurance replaced my Sony Ericsson W600i phone with.  Supposedly if they can't give you the same phone (which they couldn't because the W600i has been discontinued) they're supposed to replace it with something comparable.  There's about a $150 price difference between these two phones so I'm not sure how they figure these two are comparable but oh well.Cons: the speaker is way too quiet, the proprietary data cable is not included, the clear button is too close to the down arrow, and turning the volume up or down is annoying because it rings. I also have a glitch in my phone where it sometimes rings for no reason after adjusting the volume and the only way to get it to stop is to power off the phone.Pros: looks cool, slide function is fun, easy to use, stays locked, large display, lightweight, and slim.Bottom Line:  Would I buy it?  No."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After getting myself a new VX8700, I picked up a new VX8300 for my girlfriend. The VX8300 is not the prettiest or thinest phone Verizon offers, but it seems to be one of their best performers. Sound quality, speakerphone, RF, and battery life all seem very good. The camera takes decent pictures. It has just about all the features you expect in a phone today too. With a new contract, you can get it for $50 or less. At this price, I give it 5 stars."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "used phone for one bill cycle and works just fine activation was quick and easy phone has minor color fade mark and some scratches on the screen but over all phone works  very well and i am happy this was my first used purchased i usally buy new but since they no longer sell this phone new is really not an option i am very satisfied i got what i paid for.note the phone is not factory reset so numbers,photos,media and call history were still in the device so i had verizon clear it and reset it due to a lock placed on the security settings recommend factory reset before selling any product just so theirs no issue on privicy"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The headset works pretty well with my treo 755p. In fact, it's the best headset I've found for the treo (tried plantronics and motorola previously without success). However, the ear hooks were missing from the package and Samsung customer service wouldn't even speak to me without me providing my phone's ESN numbers. WTH? I also attempted to make a request on Samsung's service website, which also would not function correctly. I called Amazon CS and they sent a replacement after 4 minutes on the phone. AWESOME!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my 4th bluetooth headset, and I'm getting frustrated trying to find one that both works good and fits good. This one works great, but frankly I don't understand why that can't design one that is comfortable to wear.Once you figure out how it is supposed to be worn, it isn't too bad, however I can only wear it about an hour at a time. Most of the time I keep it in my shirt pocket, and put it in my ear when my phone rings.I'm keeping it, because it works better than all the other ones. Just don't understand why they don't make them like earbud headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was a very nice bluetooth headset until I lost it. since it so small, I tuck it away and now I can't find it ;(. anyways, I had 2 great headset by Plantronics and samsung. both are very good, but if I had to choose, I would choose Samsung for it connects to my phone without too much hassle compare to plantronics 510 voyager, where I had to constantly reset my phone to get connect it. on the other hand Plantronics Voyager 510 voice is far superior to Samsungs (IMO)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This bluetooth headset is tiny compared to others I've researched. I purchased it for my daughter, and she loves it.  It paired easily with her Env2 Verizon phone.  I called her to test it and I could hear her clearly and she reports she can hear well on it too. There was no feedback noise or echo.  She reports that it is very comfortable, and she has been wearing it for long periods of time without a problem.  The standby time is 70 hours, so it doesn't have to be constantly charging. Great product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First, the ear clip snapped around the clip that holds it on. Hmm, OK, I'll replace it.EVERY time that I tried to answer a call with that wondrous \"one button wonder\" I disconnected or worse, couldn't hear it loud enough. for whatever Allen Funt reason, this !#!@?!! thing resets to the lowest audio setting all by itself. It doesn't fit into my ear(s) but sort of hangs over it on that damned cheap earpiece that never held right. Pretty much guaranteed to be a worse distraction while driving than picking up the phone itself: distractingly nonfunctional and some engineer's idea of punking everybody who buys it.This was a replacement for my lost Samsung headset that was a much better product, but gone, darn it. As such, I've relegated THIS absurd farce to a place on a shelf until I can conveniently find a way to extract some measure of revenge on it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Expected a small earphone based on reviews but was still surprised at it's tiny size when first looking at it up close.Medium ear \"hook\" worked for me - suggest playing with this (removing the rubber hook and adjusting it on the ear piece) until getting right fit - the bud goes in ear and added loop of rubber is supposed to counter against the curve in another part of your outer ear - genius design imho and when this thing is in, even jumping up and down or shaking your head or tapping your head (yes tried that too, silly I know...) will not dislodge this.Paired easily with a samsung ach930, sound is great and the other side of the call is also impressed, no complaints of echo or static.Have a plantronics 510 which is good, this wep200 is smaller yet compares in quality to the plantronics."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The first thing I noticed with the Samsung WEP200 when I first connected it to my Treo 750 was how fast it connected and how great the quality was.I have owned many Bluetooth Headsets and most of them had unusable static or they would not connect to my device in a timely fashion or even connect after the unit was in standby for long periods of time.The WEP200 connects quickly and the sound quality is superb.People on the other end can't even tell I am on a Bluetooth headset.The earpiece fits into my ear snugly and is fairly comfortable for about a few hours and then it gets a bit on the sore side. I wish there was some sort of necklace dongle where it could be placed and taken off when needed.Its small and very light and the range is excellent.Very highly recommended."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought the BLT-04 case to use with the Motorola H700 headset.  It fits the headset very nicely, but..  But, the design of the case does not prevent the  multifunction button from being pushed if the case is at all squeezed, even though there is a recess in the case cover you'd think would prevent that.  The result is that I'd often find the pairing light on and the battery close to drained.If you are going to clip the case on a shirt pocket, it might be ok, though even the tension of the elastic of the case is enough to push the headset button.  If the case will be put inside a briefcase or purse, then you should probably reconsider."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "i tried this headset with a samsung upstage and a nokia n75....before this headset only used two kind of motorolla headset.nokia is louder! and its stays in place so u can hillclimb... riding a bike.. joging, whatever... it will stay on your ears = wont come off! BUT!! IT IS uncomfortable! i had to change side every hours because the headset hurt my ears after a while.but... the line still breaking up all the time if im not using it in a car or a room or a hall... if i step out with this headset ( paired with whatever kind of phone) from a car or room, out to the street all the voice is gonna break up.. it is NOT the phones.. its the headset or the technology.. same thing= we wont be satisfied....so if u looking for something wich is comfy and good.. buy another nokia headset.. if u need a headset because u are a sportman.. then this is your headset!!!!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's been a few years now since I had this bluetooth headset, but out of the MANY that I've used, this was by far my favorite.  I could listen to streaming music with it from my phone and it stayed on my ear really well.  This is the only headset I've had where people could actually hear me all the time.  The sliding boom mic made a big difference.The downfall of this model, as other reviewers have also written, is that the rubber tips that hold the headset on your ear break off with time.  I used superglue and prolonged the life of mine for a while, but it was annoying."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would have given this a 5-star if it was only a clip/wired BT headset. It works flawlessly when used in that configuration. When you use it as an in-ear only headset, there is a tiny (barely noticeable, but there) amount of static. The person on the other end never complains. I do like the fact that for $20 you can convert it into to different styles.Two suggestions:1) I STRONGLY suggest using the included ear foam in either configuration. This makes the unit fit tighter and reduces background noise. This way you can turn down the volume a bit and the sound is clearer.2) Tinker with the volume on your phone AND the headset. You need to find the sweet spot for this to really sound good. Once you do, you'll be happy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had seen reviews by folks who had problems with this unit, but tried it anyway as the price was great.The initial charge took less than the 6 hours stated in the documentation, but I've been using it for a week and haven't needed to recharge it as of yet.The reviewer who recommended using the foam cover was absolutely right.  It eliminates most of the background or wind noise.  The unit stays on my ear reliably.  I use the included ear hook.While the output from the microphone could be a little better, I don't have to speak excessively loudly to use it.The LEDs are needlessly bright, but since I don't see them when the unit is on my ear, this is not a big deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had to write in and contradict the review saying you can only use this on your right ear.  the instructions show you how to switch it, and you can even switch the volume control from the bottom to the top, so it is on the top regardless of which ear you use it on. NOTE: if you want a Y splitter for car or home charging for this, you have to use model P000, not the one that comes up on a search, because you need a splitter with 2 mini-USBs (one for your phone, one for the headset). Only had it one day, so can't comment on the other issues."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this headset for the money! I've been using it for a couple years now and I don't know how I ever lived without it. I have gotten my money's worth a hundred times over. I find it comfortable enough that I forget I'm even wearing it. I have some issues with clarity in a few spots, but if I hold my phone closer to the headset in the fuzzy spots, it's okay... and that's not in a lot of places, just happens once in a while. It's easy to pair with any phone too. I used to have a motorola and recently switched to a Samsung. It paired up with no problem. I recommend this product. It's a great place to start if you're looking for your first bluetooth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset fit great in my ear, its look is very cool, but a few flaws:1. Volume buttons are not easy to reach once the unit is fitted in your ear.2. Using it in windy conditions may get you in an uncomfortable conversation (hello?... are you there? It feels like you're within a hurricane...), and I don't mean only outdoors, you maybe inside your car with the A/C on and if it's blowing right at your face, you'll get this kind of problem"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After a small amount of screwing around the H500 connected with myNokia N75 without a hitch.  I find that if you firmly place the earloop around the base of the ear and then fold in the receiver in fitsfirmly and doesn't come loose.  I agree that the volume could go higher;however, in a quiet room it is adequate.  I'm told that I'm clearlyheard on the other end of the connection.  This is also in a quiet room.Small and lite.  I think this a rather nifty piece of gear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like the design but keep in mind you are sacrificing protection for aesthetics. It really only covers the back of the phone which in my opinion is the least important part. The screen is largely unprotected except for a slight lip around the edge which may or may not protect the screen but I have yet to drop it.You really have to press fairly hard on the buttons to elicit a response which gets annoying after a while. I solved this by cutting the button part out with an exacto knife.I have a otterbox style case for this as well but it adds too much bulk to an already large phone so this is my go-to case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this for my International Galaxy note N7000 and it fits great.  I would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well.  It works great to protect your phone and it looks great as well.My phone is white so it makes the case look like a lighter blue, I think it's a really pretty color and I love it.  It's see through so I put some fortunes from fortune cookies to show through on the back for fun.But just be warned that the product picture is of the \"blue\" galaxy note phone, so if you have a white one the case will appear lighter in color."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is made of a firmer material than the silicone cases, which is perfect because it doesn't stretch or get caught when going in or out of a pocket or case.  It hugs the phone tight enough that many people won't know you have a case on it.  At first I thought the case was making button use difficult, but then I took the case off and realized the Galaxy Note buttons are terrible even without a case.  It's not much more difficult with the case on, and you do get used to it.  The textured grip area on the sides is a nice tough as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned many phones over the years and a lot of expensive cases.This by far is the best case I have come across. It does not add any bulk to the phone and the pure comfort of holding it in the hand is speechless. The embossed sides , the nice rubbery feel gives good comfort and it's not a dust magnet.I only ordered this case because the the one that I had did not protect the corners of the phone when dropped. I will definitely keep this brand in mind in the future. It's that good and I definitely recommend this for anyone who wants good protection, comfort and style. Thank you BoxWave..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is ok , but there are certainly better ones out there for cheaper.I ordered this case with high expectation thinking i was going to recieve a brand name product from Boxwave , instead i recieved a generic case with no branding .There are other cases here on amazon and other sites that are exactly the same thing i recieved for less then half the price this one is being sold for.For some reason my comments doesnt get approved im not sure why , just letting you all know my personal experience with this transaction ."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pros:  Works as it should. Easy connection to the phone.  Good talk time. Comfortable fit on the ear.  Easy to use.One Con: I could use this headset without any problems. My wife would get bad echo issues where the person she was talking with heard themselves as an echo.  Guess it has to do with the fit to the ear.  In my case the path from the earpiece to the mike was blocked but open in her case.  She had the same issue with a Motorola H500 earpiece and i can use the same Motorola earpiece fine.Purchased a Plantronics 510 which works for her.  No reports of echo from the person she is talking with."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my 4th bluetooth headset, and it is by far the best working headset. It is clear. I can hear while driving, people can hear me like I am talking into the phone.My one complaint is that it doesn't fit well on my ear. If they had made the ear loop another 1/4\" I would be giving this 5 stars. Instead it never feels exactly right, and ends up hurting my ear if I wear it for extended periods.I'm keeping it, but I am looking for a different way to attach it to my ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Product came without shipping slip, no protective packaging. .Bluetooth was placed in a plastic bag, slipped in an envelope and mailed.  Quality is very poor.  Crackling, buzzing muffled sounds very annoying and diapointing to recieve something you are expecting to use all the time to not being able to use it.  I would not recomend this vendor to anyone.  Description stated very clearly that it would be packaged in retai packaged and pictured with extra items.  This came with bluetooth only and charge cord; no instruction or any other accessories with this."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's a fairly good headset. Negatives: does a poor job of screening out wind noise & other noises; when I make a 2nd call, it doesn't always find the phone & I have to punch a few buttons to get it working again.Positives: very comfortable - I forget I have it on; fairly discreet looking; battery life is very good; hooks up to my phone (Treo 700p) seamlessly - I very rarely have to pair it up again; I can hear very well, even in my noisy diesel pickup!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried both the Motorola HS810 and the Treo bluetooth headsets, and this by far is the best one. The problem with Motorola is that it doesn't synch with the Treo 650 100% of the time; while the Treo headset has very poor volume (I need to be in a quiet room to hear anything). The Cardo Scala 700 has great fit (it sits right over the ear canal), great volume (even when driving with windows down), and it synchs with the Treo 650 all the time. This is the headset I'd recommend for anyone with the Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was concerned after ordering this device, when I read many reviews that said this device was a cheap piece of plastic that didn't fit into their ear properly. When I opened the packaged and first put it in my ear, I thought \"oh no - they were right!\"But I then read the manual and after adjusting the \"ear loop\" and angling the headset slightly downward, it fit perfectly into my ear! It's snug, it doesn't flop around at all. It fits in a different way from your traditional \"ear plug\" device but in many ways it's more comfortable because it's not sitting in your outer ear canal but slightly further outside.So if you're thinking about ordering this device, I'd recommend buying it. Just spend a little time getting the fit right and read the manual about how to adjust the ear loop which makes a huge difference.(Functionally the product paired with my Cingular Hermes 8525 phone perfectly - sound quality is fine)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Overall, its a good set of headphones. Ive owned quite a few sets of bt headphones and by far i still dont think any are better than the Moto HT 820 setThe jog dials are good and handy, and they are comfy on the ears. they already send you the case with them too so dont buy it optional. They wont tell you this when ordering hoping that you will pitch them more money...They are also a little on the large side. If you purchase you will get cracked on for looking like DJ Khaled( Just giving heads up. the ht 820's that moto makes are the best ive ever owned. above any.But for the money these a great fit ....enjoy"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've really enjoyed being able to listen to music wires-free. The padding on them makes them very comfortable, something my other headphones lack on the part that goes over the head. And it's great to be able to control volume, pause/play, and skip through songs right from the headphones.The pairing has been a bit confusing for me, though. I've had some trouble trying to get it into paring mode. It's had to figure out what mode it's in from the blinking light. I haven't been able to get it to pair with both my phone and my iPod's adapter. Either one of those works, though.I haven't tested out the battery life in full, but it's lasted through 2 hours without having a problem.It would also be nice to be able to use them while they are charging."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Picked this up from Radio Shack as a novelty item.  The phone is thin, but the call quality is quite poor.  Virgin Mobile uses Sprint's PCS network, and Sprint is my primary provider (I have a new Sanyo M1 phone), and the call quality difference is huge.  The keypad is also uncomfortable to use, like many ultra-thin phones -- just not designed for normal human beings IMHO.  Finally, VM's prepaid rate is just too high.  Coupled with limited coverage, I'd say VM's service is a bad deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this device - it's the only one that allows you to plug in your own headset. And I am VERY HAPPY to report that it works perfectly with the Verizon XV6800 Smartphone (also known as the HTC 6800 or Mogul 6800 on Sprint). No one reviewing here had tried it with this device, but I wanted the functionality so I took a chance and ordered it anyway. It works perfectly! (Or what I've tried so far works perfectly - I haven't received any phone calls while listening to music yet.)Note that I'm running Windows Mobile 6.1. I think it may not work for devices running WM 6.0. The audio jack functionality was altered with the OS upgrade. It may work, though - can't say for sure. It's worth trying!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "May not be for everyone, but I like it. The case is very solid. The screen is well protected while leaving ample openings for on/off, volume, camera, speaker, S pen, earphone, and microUSB port. Heeding the warning from other users that the beltclip breaks off readily, I intentionally broke it off :) and put the rest of the holder/phone in my cargo pants. Not real fast getting the phone out, but with bluetooth so ubiquitous these days, there's less need for speed. The built-in stand is a little unstable in the 'portrait' position, but works fine in the 'landscape' position. It also works well with a dash (GPS) holder: i.Trek ME-USDM Universal Dashboard Mount, also from Amazon."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for my dad. So far he likes it very much. Good price for what you get and so far (3 days) it hasn't broken or dropped the phone. The holster is secure and the clip has a groove so that the holster will not fly off your belt if you are running.UPDATE:At first the holster is great because it grips onto the phone. However, after sliding it out multiple times, it becomes loose and is easily removed. My dad was just walking and I guess the holster was slanted downwards a bit and his phone fell out. When it fell out the case came off. If you put your phone in with the screen facing out, the holster has a better grip on it, but if you have the screen facing in, the phone is likely to come out.We are going to replace the holster with a leather pouch holster because this holster seems unreliable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I gave this product a 3 because the clip easily broke off. the case is good which comes in two parts. A hard shell phone case is fits really well and you can use it just like that plus a sliding cover with a clip. The cover works like a screen protector and keeps scratches from the screen. The only bad side is since the phone is big and when you clip it on your belt, the clip snaps off its place when you sit down. 2 occasions my phone fell on a taxi seat because the clip detached it self from the case. If I was not watchful i could have lost my phone. From that time on i keep my phone in my back pocket"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It seems that, to date, no one has really created a durable holster for the Note 2, but this one is the best so far. The new lip at the bottom of the unit keeps the phone from falling out while holstered (Yup, other designs have had that problem). The belt clip seems more durable as well. I've owned at least a few different designs of Note 2 holsters now, and I've broken them all by simple actions like accidentally catching the unit on a door jam.This unit has held up better in the past week or so that I've had it (Yup, broke'm in less than a week prior). It's easier to retrieve the phone with the sleek design than some other bulkier, soft-rubber cases. I like it so far."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "nice fit and slimmer than most other cases. does provide a bit of protection to face-on falls and to corners. I like the frosted back look and the rigidity of the case. Much better than simple silicone ones.  It doesn't provide that much fall protection though and might not be worth the increased width since any impact will transfer through the corners to the phone.PROSCutouts fit well.Good shape to screen border so doesn't reduce touch areaComfortable and grippy to hold.CONSSeem from mfg. is sharp and annoying, I sanded it down and it's much betterNot great fall protectionPower and volume buttons harder to press (this might be a pro too though)Collects dirt like a hoover"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Fits like a glove. Adds no bulk to the phone - my GS4 stays slim and light!The kickstand works, doesn't slide around, nice and firm. It clicks shut with two tiny tabs of plastic on either end of the kickstand, so I guess if over time those tabs break then it won't stay shut anymore. But for the moment, the tabs are really tiny and hopefully will not break anytime soon.The only downsides I can find are:a. hard to feel whether or not if you pressed the power/volume button or not, there's no tactile feedback when you push. They do work though.b. the screw(?) that holds the kickstand in place on the back of the case bulges out and makes the phone sit slightly lopsided when you put it on a flat surface facing upward. Not an issue for me, but didn't expect the screw to bulge out the way it does.Otherwise very satisfied."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First off, I ordered the BoxWave Simple Element Gray Semi-transparent case I had to point this our since there's only one review section for multiple cases.This case is billiant, it feels well, it has a better grip than a naked S4. It's really god that you can still see the samsung logo on the back thanks to the frosted plastic semi-transparent design but it doesn't get scrached up easily like a completely clear case.So, now for the important bit, cases are supposed to protrect your phone and this case definitely does that and it does it quite well. The one-piece hybrid design provides a very good protection to the frame against drops and the lay on thr table desgin also provides screen protection.Port access is good, I had no problem using the original Samsung equipment and a couple of other headphones.The ONLY drawback for me. Power and volume buttons don't provide a great tactile feedback when pressed with this case so this is why I'll shave a star from the rating."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Shows up totally deformed (top of the case doesn't even touch the phone because it was cast crooked), and I have to pay to mail it back to them if I want a replacement? I don't want a replacement anymore, I want a functional phone case. Definitely a &#34;get what you pay for&#34; kind of thing. The case is pretty inflexible, so when I took the case off, it also pulled off the back of the phone. Not the end of the world, but definitely a crappy case. Would absolutely not recommend."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Nothing flashy about this case.  It's basic black, but the good thing is, it's matte on the backside.  Around the edges it's more shiny, which makes it more grippy.  I like that the volume and on/off buttons are covered to keep dust out, but the covering does make the buttons harder to push.  Cutouts are good, not quite perfect, but you'd have to be OCD to notice.  Seems to be secure, probably would not come off your phone inadvertently.BTW, the blackout case is completely opaque.  The blue Arctic Frost Crystal Slip case is identical to it other than being blue and transparent.Right now, there are a few different prices listed for these.  For me, the actual cost with shipping was around $3, so it's definitely worth that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Even though I am not a fan of cases I still try them to see what are good and if I can come to keeping one....my preference still says no to cases but that's a gamble I take again, since dropping my S4 before andresulted in my screen breaking...that could of been avoided if i had a case on it.Slowly my trust and confidence in not dropping my phone has gone back up...but I'm taking risks and youshould protect yourself from having a broken or damaged phone.The case is pretty much all clear except the back is a matt white finish. Gives it a bit of a cool edge to it.The case is a bit too snug and a bit molded fatter on some parts of the trimming but the entire phoneis covered fine with the case. If I dropped it, I believe it will be saved but every drop is risky regardless..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I looked at many cases from a few dollars to 50 bucks and chose this because oif the reviews and low costThis case is pliable and easily forms over the phone, with a tight fit.. You have to stretch the edges a bit to cover the front edges  but when all said and done its perfect fit.I was concerned about cutouts for charger and volume control, but these are no problem ,. plenty large enough to accommodate a charger cord of any type.Its removes as easlity as it goes on.For 6 bucks this was a real bargain and offers a better grip than the naked cell phone"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am sure this cable works fantastically.As long as it is used with the correct phone. I should have know better, but the price was so incredibly low- especailly having originally purchased the correct cable from Nokia 2 years ago for fifty bucks- that I felt, even if my phone was not listed, hey, it could still work, right?Wrong. But in an effort to write a 'helpful' review I have to add, it is in fact an OEM Nokia CA-52 cable, it was very inexpensive, and it arrived much sooner than expected."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product (version 4.0) works with my V3 and V3x.  It does NOT work with my new V3e.I am using the overpriced Version 4.0 disc purchased directly from Motorola.Software updates still do not recognized the V3e.  Not sure which models listed work and which don't, but the fact that non-supported models seem to be listed is sufficient to be skeptical and go elsewhere.  Yeah, and it's a penny, PLUS a lot in shipping!So, if the software works for you, it is pretty nice.  If not, you're out.  I gave a review of one star based on the fact that a model I KNOW doesn't work is in the supported list."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When installed according to instructions, this unit fulfills all its claims.NOTE that for the best success, you should separate the external antenna and internal base unit by as much distance and signal-obstruction as possible -- put the outdoor antenna at at the best available signal location, and the indoor base unit in the worst dead-zone.  Use every inch of the 50' cable supplied.My installation is in a steel-framed and steel-skinned building -- getting a signal inside was basically impossible. The outside antenna is on an old TV antenna mast 5' above the building roof, and the inside unit is sitting on top of a suspended ceiling in the center of the main area. Now I get 5-bars on Sprint anywhere inside the building, and 3-4 bars within 10 feet or so of the building outside. Our ATT data card gets a 5-bars signal also. (We are thus using both bands on this unit at once.)While not cheap, it is the least expensive alternative available, and It Just Works(tm)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We got this for my son to use on his job as he drives all day long.  He uses it for keeping in contact while on the road and the hands free operation is the only way to go.  The Bluetooth syncing and operation is very easy to set up and the connection is good.  The battery also has a good life and he needs it as some days are long ones for him.The sound quality is good and he can hear the caller clearly and we can hear him well.  The price we paid was a lot less that the $40 they are asking here.  I only mention this as he goes through Bluetooth ear pieces quite frequently from daily use, to breaking them to simply losing them.We gave him a really good stereo set that he uses at home and to listen books and music but he uses the lower priced ones while he is on the road.  This Jabra is reasonable quality and performance for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Wow! I was surprised when I read the reviews on this product.  It is DEFINITELY made for people with smaller ears!  Other bulkier ear pieces have not fir very well but this one fits GREAT! Also, I noticed alot of first time users that were rating this product..I HAVED used both WIRED earpeices and now bluetooth. This one is MUCH BETTER than most about not picking up backround noise but when it DOES get to be a little much, simply turn DOWN the volume a little on your PHONE not on the blooth tooth.  Using that adjustment may give you a little better fine tuning for the device.  ALSO, many phones include a feature that allows the mic to ignore heavy backround noise.  I am an alltel user and many of my phones have had this feature.  The batter has been GREAT TOO!  I have owned this blue tooth device for over a year now, AND LOVE IT!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The shape of the hard plastic ear hook was designed to cause pain - note the 2 hard plastic jagged corners turned towards your ear while the rounded portion faces up and away from any skin that it could interfere with harming.My second complaint would be that you must hold it against your ear to be able to hear anything thus defeating the point of a \"hands free\" headset.The price is good and if you wear it in silent places where you stand a chance of hearing through it then it's almost usable but I've gotten Motorola 500 headsets for about the same price on Amazon and they work much better and are comfortable as opposed to painful."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had experience putting screen protectors on phones for several years.  I generally do pretty good with installation and have a minimum amount of air bubbles underneath the screen.With this protector I cleaned the phone very well before installing and ended up with numerous air bubbles/pockets.  I was able to use a squeegie like device and get most of them out but the ones that are still there are seemingly magnified due to the mirror surface.  It makes them much more apparent than a standard clear or anti-reflective screen protector."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this product hoping that it would provide some privacy when riding the train to work everyday. Although it does, it is minimal at best. It is exactly as advertised, \"Mirror Like Screen Protector\"... you can see yourself when the iPhone is off as if you were looking in a mirror.I don't feel that it hinders the brightness/colors of the phone much at all... However, in intense sunlight it can be hard to read the screen do to glaring.Pros: Your iPhone screen is protected, and you have a always available mirrorCons: Can cause a glare in bright areas, extremely hard to attach without some sort of bubbles on the edges. (though I was able to get it right)I bought this in conjunction with theelago iPhone 3G Slim Fit Case - Black + Microfiber Cleaner (Made in Korea)and couldn't be happier."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I do a lot of freeway driving and I've tried 2 of these speaker phones with myTreo and the noise cancellation feature is poor. It works fine below 45 mph but the faster I go the more my callers complain about the road noise. Also you have to turn off Bluetooth on the phone when you turn off the speaker phone. The phone thinks it's still connected to the speaker phone,it will show that it's not connected to any Bluetooth devise but keeps the phone mic and speaker on mute until Bluetooth is turned off."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My wife was alwsys 'helping me understand' that it is dangerous to drive while holding a cell phone in one hand and talking with the other hand.  When my pride got out of the way, I realized that she was right.  When I started looking for solutions, I found that the Motorola T305 Bluetooth Speaker was priced very reasonably such that I could at least give it a try.  Now that I have it, I have found it to be very effective in terms of both hearing and being heard by the party at the other end of the line.  And now I don't need as much help driving as I used to:)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just got Motorola T305 in after preiously buying the Jabra version months ago. If you are looking for a car/truck speaker phone, this T305 works excellent on both road and highway. The Jabra I previously bought had very limited volume and you could not hear on highway travel even with windows rolled up. I read some of the minor complaints about this product in the other reviews and utterly ridiculous. The on/off button is small but who cares? As for a blue light not being seen perfectly in the daytime, again, who cares? You know the power is on because you turned it on when you got in your car/truck."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I thought this item was going to be compatible with my Motorola Droid Razr, but it is not - it comes up as compatible in a search and I didn't notice it saying the connection was mini, not micro. So that is my fault for not paying closer attention to the specs. I could buy an adapter, but instead I decided to give it to my son for his bluetooth headset as it is a mini usb connection.It does work as described, (though just not for anything that uses a micro connection) and is a very reasonable price. It's small and easy to put in a pocket or purse, and is very convenient. When I got my Razr, my son got my old Chocolate Touch, so I gave him the headset also and he uses it all of the time. He's used the charger twice now and it works as described."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this because there are times when I need my Blackberry to be functional and I'm not near a charger.  I hadn't tried the P790 yet when hurricane Irene decided to pay a visit.  I had the unit charged up when the power went out Saturday before 9pm.  By 4pm the next day, power had not been restored and the phone was going below 20% & wanted to shut down some functioning to conserve what was left of the battery life.  I attached the P790 with an adaptor I bought at the same time.  In under an hour I was at 55% battery life and could keep going normally till I had an opportunity to do a normal charge at my office, later that evening.  It'd be an understatement to say I'm pleased."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "One drawback of any soap-bar, or candy-bar style phone is that you have to lock the keyboard with some button combination every time you put it away or it will dial the last person you called, or someone on speed-dial when you inadvertently push one of it's keys. This holster has magnets in it that automatically puts the Pearl in standby mode, which disables the keys. The belt-clip also allows you to rotate the holster into the most comfortable position you can for driving, or  walking around."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a pretty solid case.  It's very stiff so it's almost a hard case, but is still flexible.  Should protect well if it gets dropped.Both sides are the same so the scanner can go into either side and the cable into the other.  The scanner is slightly higher than one side of the case.  There's a padded flap in between the halves of the case that pushes into the other half a bit.  That compresses the cable in the other side and makes it so nothing moves around.Functionally, that's a great design, but for looks I would have liked the scanner to fit completely into the bottom, with a thinner top half for the cable.  As it stands I might be able to get a couple other cables or things into the top part so it's probably a net plus."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My Adesso Scanner came with a velvet drawstring bag. I wanted something more substantial, and thought this case might work. The quoted dimensions are slightly off. The outside dimensions are actually 11.5 X 2.5 X 2.2 none is 3.2The inner dimensions are 11 X 2 X 2  My Adesso Scanner is 10.75L X 1.8W X 1.25H  so it fits perfectly. The case opens up into 2 hinged halves. Each half is about 1 inch deep. Each half has a 1 inch wide elastic band across the middle, and there is a sewn-in flap that protects one half from the other when closed. The scanner cable fits in the opposite half from the scanner and there is still room for some small accessories. All-in-all, I am VERY happy with this case.,It suits my needs perfectly/"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought these today at WalMart, and they are terrible. After cutting with a paper trimmer, they were perfect size. Although after VERY careful and slow application, rolling on just a cm at a time, air bubbles would form. I tried rolling the protector on as slow as possible while rubbing from center out with a microfiber cloth. After application, and only rubbing the protector with microfiber, it was scratched past the point of no return. I cannot imagine what this screen protector would look like after a few days of use.Although this product may protect the screen, after a couple of days use you probably won't be able to see the screen with all the accumulated scratches. The users guide says for best results to replace monthly. After initial application I removed it and threw it away.Waste of money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "use on 2cameras and cell phone.  The cutting is fairly straight forward, but the pre-cut edge that is supposed to help with seperating the backing from the protector is not cut well so i've wasted one sheet as it ripped easily while taking off the backing.  material not durable at all.  Got scratches just by using the squeegy in the package.  Lastly, if you had to reposition it, good luck getting the bubbles (hazyness) out.  Requires too much effort to get it right.  Would not recommand it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love these because they have done an excellent job of protecting my phone screens on ALL my phones! What's great about these is they have line and numbers, a grid that's formed to help you make a better, smarter cut for your mobile's screen. I even give these as gifts because people don't realize how much you touch your screen. It needs to be protectedThese are the best and I will continue to use these and search for larger sizes. These are the ones that should be on everyone's list. Great stocking stuffers as well!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "You can use this product to cut a high quality screen protector for anything with a touchscreen. That's awesome. Keep in mind that you have to cut and apply the screen protector yourself. It took me a few applications before I got good at it. Some air bubbles are normal, they dissipate after a few days. Lots of air bubbles means you are doing it wrong. Practice makes perfect.  You get 10 screen protectors for about $10.00 (or whatever they are selling it for) and the sheets they give you are pretty large. I think this is product is a very good value."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I thought this item was a good idea as it gives you the opportunity to mount your phone closer to the seat instead of up on the windshield.  I discovered 2 things:1) The unit itself is very cheap.  The adjustable arm used to clamp your phone has a major weak spot.  Mine broke right out of the package.  I made some repairs to strengthen it, but first use showed that this device does not work well with any smart phones.  I have an iPhone, and it's too wide and tall for this device.  You can't clamp your phone very well because of the cheap design, and the bottom ledge is too small.  After 5 minutes of driving, I had to remove my phone before it fell out.This is a good idea that was implemented poorly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really did not want anything bulky. I already hate the fact that a case on my slim Iphone makes it bulky. But I dare not go with out. So I really like that the magnet does not really add more bulk. I was able to use the thinner metal piece and it even works through my case (it is a soft silicone case) So this makes me very happy. Again I have a decorative case and really did not want to cover up the design, nor did I want to tape anything to my phone. So I stuck it to the inside of my case and it works great!  No more trying to place my phone in a holder to use the gps. Now I can simply place it on and go."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best device holder I've purchased! It has incredible hold for as much weight as the magnet will support. Having the holder come loose from whatever you stuck it to just isnt going to happen. I've had mine in my car for months and it hasnt budged. I have put many devices on the magnet and they all stay strong. The only complaint is the oval shaped metal piece is gold. It would be better for it to have been black. The smaller metal piece is significantly thicker than the oval shaped one and I wished it was a little thinner as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "There are a few spots around town where my calls get dropped when I use my cellular phone while driving in the car.  These areas are very small, only about 300 feet long.  And if I hold the phone outside the car when I drive through these areas, the calls don't drop.I bought this device with the hope that it would allow me to keep calls going without rolling down the windows.  Unfortunately, I found absolutely NO difference between calls being dropped with and without this device.When I took the device off, it broke open and I took both sides apart.  I didn't find any evidence of components that will inductively couple the antenna and the interior components.However, when it was installed, it did **look** impressive.  So, if you want a fake cellular antenna to make your car look \"cool,\" this will fit the bill perfectly.  If you want a performance improvement, consider one of the Wilson cellular repeaters instead."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like this case. I got the Frosted version, and I kind of wish I got the BodySuit or something else because the Frosted feel is not my favorite. The case leaves a good lip around the screen and the TPU has a good thickness to it, without being too thick, so IA feel like this would protect my phone pretty well in a drop.My only complaint is that the volume buttons are subpar. It takes a very good push to get the buttons to work, and a lot of creaking goes on in the process with the TPU.Overall, though, this is a great case at an awesome price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "One of the best cases I've ever bought for a phone.Very snug fit,w/o any pull-away around the cutouts for the I-R Blaster/3.5mm audio jack/USB port.The volume rocker is covered & actually functions better than w/o a case.The case looks & feels as if it is actually a part of the phone,yet,should provide more than adequate protection against everyday use & occasional misuse/accidental bumps/etc.....Also a great value,as I paid less than $5.00,definitely a must-buy for any HTC ONE owner."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Ok so i wish i felt i could give this 4-5 stars but 2 things really bug me, 1st and most annoying is the power button becomes recessed wit this case , the volume buttons have an extended piece that makes them ez to access but the power button doesnt, and 2nd the top and bottom seem to bow out a little and not quite fit almost like maybe a bad batch cause it is close really close but it bows out. so i love the look and feel, it shows off this pone. keeps the sleek curves. oh i wish that power button where easier to hit and it would be a case i really like."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased Plantronics 665 headset to replace BlackBerry 655+ by Plantronics that went through washing machine (but surprisingly still worked fine after drying).  My wife also has one of these and she loves it.I like 665 as much as I like 655+.  The fit is comfortable and secure with the ear loop.  The sound quality is good on both ends. The battery life is sufficient for me I charge it once every two-three days.The only complaing is that the buttons are a bit hard to press.  When I push the main button the ear tip gets pushed into my ear which is not very pleasant.Overall, this is a great headset at a good price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The earpieces don't go as far into the ear as my etymotic earlpugs, so I have to use the wire hook it came with to stabalize it.  I wish the in-ear part gripped my ear a little better.  Also, the hook falls off easily when it's in my pocket.  I wish there was a more permanent way to attach it.  Also, there are some CRAZY big ear gels in there.  I have big ears (har har) and I use the smallest one.  WHOS ears are big enough for the large attachments?Having said that, the headset is a winner.  It's LOUD!  I actually have to turn it down.  Reception is good and it pairs with my L2 quickly and easily.  No problems hearing other people or them hearing me.Last thing... it pairs up with my Mac G4 no problems.  System sounds go through it and that's pretty cool!I give it a 4 out of 5."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned 2 Plantronics headsets -- The 665 and its predecessor, the 655. Both have suffered the same fate. The little rubber ear tips are flimsy and keep breaking. When I pick up the headset, the ear tip falls out. I purchased the ear tip replacement pack, which costs about $10 and you get 3 ear tips -- 1 small, 1 medium, and 1 large. Given that I only have a need for 1 size, I basically had to pay $10 for one ear tip... which broke after 30 days. The headset sounds pretty good, fits in my ear OK, and people say they can hear me pretty well. Despite all of these positives, I will be replacing it with another brand."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My first impression is that whoever designed this product must have liked Kinder eggs when they were younger: everything involves assembly, and the car charger looks like something out of a Bond movie. Although I didn't have any issues with the call quality, the biggest problem was the plastic hoop that connect the headset to your ear - it's flimsy, breaks off easily in your pocket, and isn't particularly comfortable.It's definitely not bad for the price, but I don't think it stands up well to the Motorola range. If you spend a little more, you can get a little more comfort and considerably fewer attachments."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For all those u have been having problems with the phone turning ON when in your pocket and who din know how to lock your keys that are outside...here is the solution... when u press the power button u get an option to lock keypad... select to lock the keypad and that way you dont have to worry about battery draining when in your pocket... i do accept the fact that the battery life on the N75 is not as great as any other Nokia phone... But I thot locking the phone in my pocket saves me a lot of battery... I charge my phone everyday :(... But overall it is an excellent phone...U dont get such a good phone being offered by any provider for FREE..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought these in Aug 07 and they worked great out of the box.  They were especially good in the gym or anywhere inside, but had a very limited range outdoors. When jogging you have to keep your device strapped to your arm-which is not a big deal and the headset works good.  Reason the review is in the past tense is that from one use to the next the volume up control stopped working. The volume down button worked, so I tried lowering the volume to the bottom and then increase..oh well..it reached the bottom and won't increase, so essentially you can't hear any sound out of it any longer.  I'll now have to deal with the warranty dept of Motorola I suppose. But I wouldn't buy these again, as I have read of this defect in other reviews"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a dash t-mobile phone and it work great with it .. i also have connect it to my computer and used it there with a blue-tooth adapter.. plus the sound is great .. plus everybody hears me perfect even while biking .. and while its raining.. even though.. i haven't used it so much while raining about once or twice.. plus over all i haven't had a problems so far ( A month and a week of having it).. just more to say u can find it cheaper on other web sites..($89.99)  well  get it if ur a outdoor type of person.. Yup! for sure its a great blue-tooth over all...."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pros: good pairing and consistent stream. Decent sound although not loud enough.Cons: very uncomfortable fit(my ears hurt just after an hour of having them on), lots of background noise, sound doesn't get loud enough in pulic busy places, extremely annoying when you wear any jacket since you keep feeling it catch.Bottom line: Don't buy it! The participles for a good device is there but they need to improve on the design and make a lot more comfortable before people can start enjoy using it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Case is large, certainly, but as are all cases of this type.  It fits well, even with a third-party wireless charging card inside the battery compartment.  I wouldn't say it exactly looks good though.  If you've had an Otterbox, it looks like the rest, you're sacrificing appearance and size for protection.  I got it mainly because it comes with a belt clip, and the GS5 is a pretty big phone to carry in your pocket, especially as the days get warmer.It seems to attract and hold dust a lot.  Perhaps lighter colors wouldn't show that as much.  Personally, I find that big chunk of rubber protecting the headphone jack unnecessary.  The headphone jack on this phone is waterproof anyway, and there's a very big cutout in the bottom to access the charging port."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is quite a bulky case with the holster/belt clip in place but not so bulky if you just use the case.  It does provide a lot of protection so if you have kids using your phone or tend to have butter fingers, you may like this.All the buttons & ports are easily accessible. It snaps on & off the holster fairly easily and stays on & in place.  For me, I will rarely use the holster because it is so bulky & hard plastic; women tend not to use holsters & I am no exception.  My husband, who uses a holster every day, also felt this holster is too bulky/hard plastic.  I do use the &#34;case&#34; portion.  The case is a heavy duty rubbery plastic that is easy to grip & provides good protection."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my first Otterbox case. I always through they were too bulky and I like more fashionable cases for my wireless phones. Putting this on was a little challenging for me- Had to watch a video on it.. The rubber casing is on really good- But that is a good thing.  Now my phone is protected from EVERYTHING.I left my screen protector on and that was a mistake- The touch screen wasn't nearly as respondent. I took it apart removed the screen protector and now he screen is totally 100 percent respondent. Only issue is if I want to take my phone out and put in a different case I will loose that protection. But the built in screen protector on this Otterbox works great, keeps my phone protected and that is fine for me right now. Very impressed with my first Otterbox!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was excited to rip the package open to put my trusted Otterbox on my new galaxy s5. Frankly, that's where the excitement stops. The plastic two piece holder which you place your phone in doesn't connect tightly, feels real loose over the phone before placing it in the rubber outside protection price. Once inside the remaining rubber piece the volume buttons don't line up properly nor does the power button. The strip at the bottom of the case that's right below the home button is to high basically making you disable the fingerprint scanning portion  of the phone. I believe Otterbox released this case just a little to soon before working the bugs out. I'm using the pelican brand case until Otterbox works the kinks out."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Alright, I am a guy, and I can confidently say that the black ones belongs to us.My gf lost her iphone 5s and bought a S4, and was looking for a case.As I was shopping for a case for my S4 as well, I bought one from More (Para Vertex) and this back LuxePave black diamond for my gf.Upon receiving the two, I was so disappointed by the product from More which i paid over 40 dollars, this one caught my eyeI installed it on my phone and holy ****. My phone looked so freakin awesome and the fit was perfect.In the end, I stole this one from my gf and started using it. The backside of it has a very nice feel, not slippery at all.I highly recommend this product, if you are a male, get the black one.Great looks, great feel, great protection, great fit, great price5 Stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "UPDATE:You will drop your phone using this case and I never dropped my phone before. It's very slick with no grip on the edges. Thankfully didn't damage the phone, which displays the HTC ONE's superior build quality as it was dropped on hard ceramic tile from 36\" counter height. Like I said before the clear plastic will and DOES scratch really easily.I did like that you could barely tell that my phone had a case on it and literally had compliments on that fact, but the risk of damage is too great for me.Just reinstalled the stock smoked(color can't display the awesome brushed aluminum on back)TPU case for now to protect it.ORIGINAL REVIEW:It does fit snug and snaps into place, but very limited edge coverage so won't protect like it should. Feels like it would snap/slip off the edge if dropped, not protecting the phone like it should. Polished hard plastic not the TPU rubber/plastic style so it will scratch easier on the back."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've used this for a couple of years as a back-up charger for my Kindle or for some of the phones in my family.  I haven't had much luck charging my iPhone with it, but the rest of the phones did OK.  It's perfect for my Kindle though.As some other reviewers pointed out, it sticks straight out of the device that it's charging.  So it isn't very practical to use the device and charge it at the same time.  But if you're stuck in an airport and need to charge something before a flight, it sure beats not having any charge at all.I assume they designed it that way because it's a more efficient use of battery power than a longer cable would have been.  Just a guess...I don't leave home without mine though.  It's in my emergency cable pouch that I always take wherever I go.  I just have to remember to replace the batteries from time to time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had a couple of the &#34;beanbag&#34; dash holders for my GPS navigator.  While some claim that those things stay in place, my Garmin GPS slid off the dash one time too many.  I had seen one of these sticky pads once before, so I though it worth a shot.  I super-glued it to the center of the bottom of the beanbag GPS holder, and it transformed the thing into a secure dash-top holder.  Yes, the combined device is now a bit more expensive than it should have been, but the holder was sunk cost.  This made it useful."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very nice looking case and the Droid X fits nicely in it.  As another reviewer stated you have to modify it some so you can attach a charging cable to it.  That's not so bad. But the clip that installs on the case does not stay on securely and if you are getting out of your vehicle or up from a chair the seat belt or chair arm will pop the case right off the clip.  Luckily the case protects it well enough but I still don't like it coming off that easy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this with a regular land line phone.  You plug it in as directed on the instructions.  To use it you lift the handset and push a button on the earpiece to turn the earpiece on.  The sound quality is very good.  Microphone seems good, nobody has complained they cannot hear me.  Volume is adjustable.  There is really no detectable interference.  There is no head attachment so you must use this over the ear.  That would have been nice.  Sometimes in a hurry it is tricky to get it situated on your ear correctly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Just received it this morning and feel strongly that I should write something about it. This is a really nice wireless headset. Setup in 5 minutes. Spend a little more time on 6 different ear pieces comes with it and decided on one with silicon gel that fits really good. The sound quality is decent and is comfortable to wear. It is also lightweight and I can barely felt it. Replacing the ear piece caused me to break one small cushion piece around the connector, but it can be avoided. Don't think it is a quality issue. The headset can be used for either right or left ear. Overall I am very happy about the purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This works and it comes with the hardware to mount it somewhere so it won't slide around. As an extension and socket splitter it is OK.However they missed an essential trick on the USB power supply. If a device wants a smart USB powered device like an iPhone or iPod to see it as a high power source, and not as a data connection, it needs to short the data interface pins with a resistor not more than 200k ohms. That is in the USB spec. You can tell this hasn't been done because when you plug in an Android phone it asks if you want to mount as a media device or a hard drive.So if you are looking for a neat way to power and charge a modern smart device then this isn't it. For the 2c it would cost them for the resistors the manufacturers really should have done this. I may even try it myself since it looks like there is room to work in there and I have an electronics lab to play in."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Road warriors with a lot of gear need one of these. Not only can you plug this into your car's aux electrical outlet.This one is equipped with a hardwiring option so you can place it in the system with its own fuse block and leave your stock outlets free.I did that, mounting this outlet block inside my car's center bin to give me charging options for phones, tablets, Kindles, cameras, etc. that will fit inside the bin and charge there.YMMV but if you're starting with this gadget and install it correctly you will have the charging options you need."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have one of these on my cruiser and my sport bike. On the one on my CBR I ended up cutting the cig plug off and wiring the negative to my neg battery terminal and the hot to the back of my fuse box. I wired mine into the Horn fuse. On this cable the stripe is hot (+).On my Shadow Sabre I stuck this onto the under side of my bat wing.Obviously you will want to purchase some higher grade velcro if you are using it in a similar application.It works well, I can run GPS, phone, and radar at the same time.Works with Garmin Nuvi 13XX SeriesUSB charges my Samsung Galaxy S3Just bend the prongs out some on your chargers to get keep them from wiggling out from road bumps. (The male end of whatever cig outlets going into this thing)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm using this in my 2008 Honda Civic. The power it can draw matches that which my cigarette outlet can output. This was a little more expensive than the other ones I had found. But it had a fuse and was proper Power usage. The USB charging is nothing spectacular, I'm using a Samsung galaxy S3. I haven't tried a full load on this yet. I run a Bluetooth adapter and charge my phone through this leaving me one extra USB port and cigarette lighter in case I need it.It does come with mounting screws and double-sided tape. I haven't used either of them, I don't suspect I will."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "If you're like me, you've just about given up trying to find a reliable bluetooth headset and transmitter.  Look no further.  I bought this unit with the matching transmitter (\"Sony Bluetooth Wirleless Transmitter for iPod (Black)\"), and have been enjoying clear, reliable music ever since.  This headset has a volume adjustment that actually works -- the upper volume range is amazing.  The track-changing controls are also snappy (just flick to change).  The unit pairs quite well with its own transmitter.Bluetooth is not great for deep sounds, so the bottom range is just okay.  But the overall sound is better than any competing products.One recommendation that I am surprised no one has considered: an on-off switch that, once flipped on, automatically pairs without having to hold buttons down.  All bluettoth headsets are guilty of this gaffe."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I tried this headphone in an office environment where we can make phone calls from our PCs.When listening to streaming music and news these headphones were great.  The sound quality had just the right mix of base and treble. The A2DP profile had no crackle and overall was flawless.My only problem with these headphones was in using the microphone.  Since it isn't on a boom it is omni-directional.  Often this lead to callers hearing my colleagues more than me, and issue with our phone software modifying volume levels automatically because it thought I was speaking.  Therefore, I wouldn't recommend this headphone if you need to use the mic anywhere that might be in the slightest bit noisy.  That said, the mic did pic up everything it could."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The sound quality is good WHEN it works.  Although easy to pair with Blue Tooth to the iPhone once I did it and tried it again at the gym I can't get the music to play and of course you probably already know the controls on the Sony Headset don't control the iPod/iphone?  I thought it was really cool at first but after trying to get it to work at the gym for three days running it goes back.  It is also worth mentioning that you can't use regular rechargeable batteries.  It has a built in Sony battery that you have to use its own specific charger for.  Oh goodie, something else to recharge and keep up with.  Not worth the headaches."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's really hard to describe how good it sounds.  I've been impressing all my friends with it's audio quality; regardless of it being wireless or not.  I can heard subtle details in the songs that I didn't know existed; just like studio monitor headphones.  In fact, they are so clear, I can easily tell the difference between standard mp3 compression sound quality and audio CDs.  I've been using these headphones for days and hours at a time; and, it just doesnt run out of battery power.  It also does a great job of cutting out noise that you dont want to hear in the same room."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like the \"behind the ear\" headsets, they seem more comfortable to me so I decided to upgrade to the Jabra BT5020. I moved from the Jabra BT500 to the BT5020 and really like the BT5020.  I like the size and solid black color, it's very unassuming, never cared for the startrek look of the other headsets. The volume is loud and clear. The headset is very easy to wear for long periods of time because of it's light weight. It has GREAT talk and standby time and comes with a AC Adapter and a USB cable for charging, so you can have the AC Adapter at home and the USB cable at work or with your laptop for charging.I had a bit of trouble pairing it to my Treo 700Wx but got it working, it also paired fine with my wifes Motorola Razor and my kids Samsung U740.Great unit, good features and a good price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The headset was purchased to pair with the new Storm, it was terrible, muffled on the called side and sounded like a tunnel on the caller side.  Tried several different phones, landline, other cell out of area codes and even international, same result.  So if your pairing it with the Blackberry Storm don't bother.I returned it and replaced it with the BlueAnt Z9i and what a amazing difference, clear as a bell at both ends of the call, great noise cancelling and seems to pair with no problems, also can pair with 5 devices at once and can switch to the called phone.Hope this helps someone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I wasn't getting very good audio quality, and could not manage to perform the long duration hold of the answer button to get my Samsung SCH-A870 to enter speech recognition mode.Another web-site I found explained how to enable/disable the vibrate feature of the headset, and also perform a reset.Try the search string:Jabra BT5020 Vibrate Enable/Disable Reset the DeviceNote: neither procedure is explained in the manual for the headset which came with the unit (or the downloadable manual from the Jabra website for that matter. That is inexcusable in my opinion. The manual on the web should be made up to date by a manufacturer at the very least).Once the headset was reset, not only was the sound quality better, I could finally use the long duration tap of the answer button feature to initiate voice calling on the cell phone through the headset.I actually like the headset now. No issues with voice or digit dialing.The only drawback I find is the earbud doesn't stay on the earpiece."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the second Scala 700 set that I've owned. The first one developed a crack right on the seam after less than a year of use (I didn't drop it). I tried super glue but the glue may have gotten into the circuitry because the microphone stopped working.Overall, the headset feels flimsy and if you grip it too tightly, it will crack. However, we all want a lightweight headset...so maybe I shouldn't complain. The Scala picks up all outgoing calls automatically after you dial the # on your cell phone. However, you have to press the button on the Scala after picking up incoming calls. This results in a 2-3 second delay...an eternity if you've got another person on the line saying \"hello? hello?\".It's got its drawbacks but it's the only headset that works consistently with my Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset performs exceptionally well for such a light device.  It's almost so small that you can lose track of it in a pocket.  Even comes with a carrying case!Battery life is very good, and speaker volume was actually too high at times (but easily adjusted).  When speaking with other people, they were able to hear me very clearly.  Occasionally, the noise canceling would cut off my voice if I was too quiet.  When driving in a car, this happened rather frequently.In short, this headset is an absolute bargain whose only drawback may be with regard to operating in noisy environments.  The Jawbone may be better at managing noise, but it's far more expensive.  Get this if you're looking for a deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Overall, I really like this bluetooth speakerphone. But, I have had problems with the slide-out microphone not going back in after use. I actually had to open it up and glue the holding latch back in place twice now. A pain? Yes. But not too much to stop using it - the sound quality is the best I've used so far.**********Updated 6-28-2012I was correct in my initial review, the slide-out mic was a problem. It eventually broke and was unusable after that. I went to the Motorola TX-500 and couldn't be happier.Motorola TX500 Universal Bluetooth In-Car Speakerphone - Black - Retail Packaging"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Supertooth Light is an incredible product! It just works - easy to pair, automatic connection when I turn it on, good sound quality. The battery life is terrific. I charge every week or so, but it has never run out of power. I use it every day. Went on vacation recently without a charger - no worry, it never lost power. The magnetic mount is great - when you flip the visor down to block the sun, you can just slide the unit around to the other side of the visor and keep on talking. I have a Blueant Z9 (great product) but rarely use it any more! Let's hear it for those Aussies!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered these because I was tired of bundling up all the different USB cables I use at my desk. Everything has its own USB cable, micro, mini, etc. We just purchased an IPOD and I thought I would try these. They seem to work well. They appear well made and not real flimsy. I have our IPOD in an Otterbox case, and the flap opening catches on one edge of the connector. I simply used my Dremel tool to grind the corner off the catching edge of the connector, and it fits fine now,. If you have your IPOD uncased, it should work just fine. This connector that goes into the IPOD does have some release catches on it. You need to squeeze a tiny button on each side to release the connection. I mention this because none of my other IPOD cables have any kind of latching system."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Someone, somewhere has a dark sense of humor.  After ordering a CA-100 cable and waiting for the Brown Truck of Happiness to arrive, I discovered that inside the Amazon box was a sealed package festooned with Nokia logo and \"CA-100\" model designation.  The back of the package says \"Nokia Original Accessories\" too.  Inside the sealed box is a Nokia branded CA-101D cable.  What this means is that instead of the CA-100 cable that has a USB connector on one end, and a Nokia 2mm connector on the other, I ended up with a cable that has a micro-USB connector on one end.  So... No joy.  For a $6 cable I'm not going to burn gasoline and time returning it. I can always use this cable with my other devices. However, I cannot recommend this vendor at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It is exactly the size of a USB memory stick with a lanyard attached. Read, small, very small. The USB cap is attached to the charging wire, an excellent design.Oh does it work perfectly. Combine this with anAPC UPB10 Mobile Power Pack for charging mobile devicesbattery, and you've got one heck of a charging device.Yes this thing is way too expensive. But darn it, I'm charing my very expensive Nokia phone with it (N95).Nokia N95-3 Silver/Bronze Phone (Unlocked) North American VersionHappy I bought this. The Amazon seller - Antonline - not exactly a speedy rabbit.Now I have to figure out how not to lose this device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had 5 bluetooth headsets so far. Jabra was the first one I got, and now I'm back for Jabra. I had problem with it for a while; it kept dropping signals. I tried to update the firmware and now it's all good. I like the fact that customers can do their own maintenance.I'm very comfortable with the wearing, and I have no idea why some people complained--they might have special ear shape or size...I'm using it mostly as a stereo headset and the sound quality is quite acceptable. The only concern is its battery is not long as my other sets, it lasts about 5 hours when listen to music."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This bluetooth actualy worked fine, but would not stay placed properly on my ears when I moved around. I needed something to use for stereo while at the gym. I have gone through over the ear, in the ear and on the head bluetooths. The on the head Cardo S2, stayed on my head well, but broke next to the ear with in a month. The in ear canal and over the ear didn't stay in place to my liking. I actual had to spend some money to get ear molds made for the Plantronics 855. It was a fairly expensive solution to my stereo needs. But for the way my head and ear canals are shaped, it seemed to be my only solution. If these fit your ears you should be happy with them."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product is silky smooth on touch screens. I'm comparing it to an Amazon Basics rubber tipped stylus. it has several &#34;tethering&#34; options, which is a nice feature. It is a bit longer than the AB and seems to be of a heavier gauge aluminum tubing. It has a nice &#34;&#34;heft&#34; to it. A slightly thicker diameter too. The fiber mesh just glides smoothly over my ereader screen AND over the anti glare screen protector. No problems with conductivity through the screen protector either. I've only had it several days but seems like a well made product. We'll see how well it will last. Over all I'm happy with my purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the stylus, it feels like it's built well, not super light and not super heavy. I'm not fond of all the different types of attachments that it comes with. I mean really who needs a plastic springy thing on it. Well to each their own I guess. Only 2 things I'd change 1) the clip. It hasn't broken off, but it just feels like it will and 2) I wish they made a smaller end to it, It'll be great for surfing but for hand writing, I'm not so sure."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm really enjoying my new Kill A Watt monitor because for the first time I can see exactly where and how I'm utilizing power in my house and make a direct correlation back to my monthly bill. The monitor is very easy to setup as well as to move from outlet to outlet in the house. The only thing that's a little bit of a pain is that for some reason it's very difficult to unplug a plug from it. These really should be given out for free from all power companies because it's such an invaluable tool. Now I know exactly what I need to do in order to bring down my power bill. Love it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this, in part, because my father in law said that his meter said the CFL lights weren't actually pulling the wattage they claimed. I searched online and read it had to do with the way the meter read the load, and the guy recommended this one. So I got it. My CFLs pull what they say they pull, as does my AC unit. So I'm happy with it. I have it happily racking up the costs of my big AC unit right now.It's pretty easy to operate; at least, I just fumbled around until I found the measures I was interested in.  I'm going to have to read how to adjust the cost/kWhr, but other than that, it's good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like these power meters, but some of them are not very accurate. I have tried 3 P4460s and several of the cheaper models and found that one of the P4460s read 86 watts when it should have been 80. That's off by 7.5% and is way out of spec according to the manual (which says it is suppose to have .5% to 2% accuracy). I am returning that unit (the replacement I bought reads 83 watts which is better). Some of the other units were off too, but not by as much. Otherwise this is a nice unit but could include an optional short power cable which makes it much easier to handle and use. I like the fact that this unit does not lose readings when power is lost."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This one is not accurate. I have compared it against several high quality meters at work, and the 4460 is always off, but often by a different direction or a different amount.I miss the display in amps the older model had. It was very useful for determining circuit loads in cases where an amp clamp was not convenient.It also hogs both outlets of a standard duplex receptacle, so the other one is covered and unusable. (Yes, a pigtail would help)I e mailed the company twice about the inaccuracy and inconsistency, and did not receive a reply.It became more and more inaccurate and finally died."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Really nice device to keep track with your power consumption.  Easily allows one to see all information at the push of a button to see how much a device is costing you per hour, day, week, month and year.  Highly recommend.  Found out the Keurig coffee maker pulls more watts at a given time than the cloths iron does.  Very interesting to see what items are energy hogs and which aren't.  Plus it is a nice way to make sure that the energy saving items are really energy saving.  A CFL rated at 9 watts actually only pulled 9.1 watts which is within specs tolerance.  If you are a gadget minded person, you will love this device.  Hardest part of using this device was finding out what your energy cost is in your own area as this must be kept under lock and key if you don't have a utlity bill laying around to show you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "UPDATE: The display has failed completely on this product. While the buttons 'beep', the readout is blank. What a POS.  Now back to my initial review.I placed a 5000 BTU ceramic heater on this device to see actual usage. The device showed around 11 amps constant pull, but I left it plugged in overnight while the heater ran.  Several hours later when I checked the Kill A Watt again, it was warm, and its receptacle had deformed around the plug, making it impossible to remove.This device is supposed to have a NEMA-rated outlet capable of 15 A draw. This is what customers use a Kill-A-Watt for, to monitor real time use. Clearly this one could not handle prolonged use, and I wonder if I was sold a gray-market product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm mainly playing around with this device, testing how much my appliances use.So far I have not tested anything that used more than 350W, in all instances did the meter provide reasonably accurate results.I did not test many of the extra feats this device has, as I am only interested in the power draw of certain devices.Pro's:- It does what it supposed to do and moreCons:- The display is not back lit,making it hard to read the results in dark places.I bought it reasonably expensive, but they go now for just over 25, which is a good price!It is more accurate than reading from the electric box (from the electric company) outside your home, which would show 80W as 0.08kW, and would not be able to differentiate between 10 or 14 watts."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is probably one of the most interesting tools I have ever bought.  I learn something new with it everyday.  Very easy to setup and use.  The only thing holding me back from a 5 star review is the design.  It pretty much requires exclusive use of both plugs (due to the shape) in a standard gang outlet box.  So I highly recommend getting a short jumper cable (they sell all kinds of them for plugging AC adapters ... aka wall warts ... into power strips) just get a high quality one that uses lower gauge wire and you shouldnt have any problems."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This device works great and is simple to use. I've had it for a week, and have tested almost every appliance and electronic device in the house - and there were LOTS of surprises. My only reservation is that the display is only visible when the device is plugged in so, in any location where you can't see the display, you typically need to plug it in again in elsewhere to view the result. The low-energy display it uses could easily be kept visible for a minute or two with a button battery, which would last for years in this application. I'm saving my last star for that feature!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The product works fine and for the money is a good deal, however, the plastic faceplate on mine fell off (a little scotch tape did the trick)and it would be easier to use if it had a backlight. That being said, it's probably just the glue on this one that went bad on the face plate because the other four of them my company has have had no such problem. The lack of a back light though, makes you need to use a flashlight when you use it in tight quarters or under desks. I'd gladly pay another $5 -$10 if it had a backlight. Good devive though and pretty fast when you use it right. Not hard to learn either.Wayne"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm a road warrior who logs a LOT of time traveling.  I've abused this thing in every airport from EWR to LAX and it has performed as advertised to date.  No clip failures, magnetic latch is reliable, it hasn't loosened up significantly and appears to offer pretty good protection for my beloved Crackberry.  The RIM 'holster' function works fine so obviously the phone is sensing the magnet correctly and going into holster profile exactly as it should.  It's your basic black, boring holster that you'll see on 10,000 traveling businessmen in any airport in America (me included).  If that fits your needs, can't go wrong with it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very good device, Easy to use and set up, fit is comfortable, sound quality is very good, and stand by /talk time are great, I have had a few other bluetooth ear pieces that fit better but sound was poor, longer stand by and talk time, but I figuerd if I was on the phone that long I need to re think my life, when I first purchsed it because of it's size I thought I would loose it, year and a half later my dog chewed it, Great device for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The over-the-ear piece is a not a good fit for my ears. Moreover, they are extremely fragile and prone to breaking. Within 5 minutes of getting the phone out of the box, I broke the ear piece just trying to get the headset over my ear. I put the headset in my piece and bent the second piece. The plastic piece covering the control buttons seemed very cheap also, and I think it would be a matter of time before that broke as well. I generally take good care of my headsets and electronic equipment, so if the headset seemed fragile to me, it probably will for most. Also, as a woman with a small head, the headset just felt clumsy and big. On the upside, the acoustics seemed decent, but then I only used the headset once and decided to return it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The sound quality is really very good, far better than the Jawbone 2. I did have the ear insert plastic break, requiring glueing. The thing that I despise about this headset is the earloops and how easily they break. You can bend them maybe a dozen times before they fatigue. Aliph has been pretty good about sending out free loops, but I am on my third pair of free ones. I just broke a new one after a week, and I was super careful to not bend it! I am going to ditch this and try the Blueant, as I am sick of handling this bluetooth headset with kid gloves."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've owned bluetooth devices by Scala, Motorola, and Plantronics.  The Jawbone is the first unit I've used in which no one has asked, \"Are using a bluetooth?\"  I think that, in and of itself speaks volumes.  The only drawback I've encountered is loss of pairity (if that's a word!).  It seems like about every couple of days it becomes unpaired.  Trying to reconnect doesn't work.  I have to remove the device from the phone and start all over again.  I'm not sure why this happens so frequently but I still believe the Jawbone is a superior bluetooth device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have found the Aliph Jawbone noise shield headset to be a pretty good unit.  It fits me pretty well, doesn't fall out, has good audio for hearing, and I have consistently gotten good audio reports from the people I talk to.A few nits.  The charger hookup unit is just plain wierd, and is counterintuitive to hook up.  Why do engineers feel compelled to make thousands of different charging standards for similar devices?  Also, while talking, you have to be careful if you adjust the unit on your ear--it is easy to accidentally hang up on someone.Overall, this is the first hands-free device that I have actually been able to tolerate and use.  I am satisfied, although the unit is a bit pricey."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this charger for over three years and it still works like a charm. Love that I can plug dual items into it while I am driving and it's great for long road trips when you need to plug in multiple things at one time. Would highly recommend it to anyone looking to charge ANYTHING that takes a USB port. Description says iphone 5, 5S, and 5C, but I've plugged in all sorts of things that have a USB charger and it works great.Worth the money!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Product looks solidly built. The plastic feels velvety smooth. The N85 doesn't charge on this but that's a Nokia issue, not USB device issue. The ipod touch 2nd Gen charges, tho. So it works.I thought it was going to be too high for my VW jetta since it sticks straight up but there's enough space there to stick whatever you want to charge.Product works! Mygearstore shipped it quickly. Not as fast as the Prime 2 day but it was fast enough.UPDATED Jan2012: After 2 years, the product just stopped working. Green light would flicker in/out. Threw it out."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a cheap way of charging any device that will charge via a regular USB port. I have used it in my car for several months without a problem.  It did a fine job with my AT&T; Tilt phone and my iPod.Before you invest in this or any other standalone USB charger, you should make sure that your device will charge via USB cable alone.  Many phones (Motorola Razr is one) these days have what looks like a standard USB connection but require special software or adapters before they will charge.I got this for about $5 or $10 at Wal-Mart.  Great investment."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased one about 5 months ago and I love it!  I have only had one time where I had to take it off and use the handset because someone couldnt hear me, but I think the battery was running low.My husband complains a little that he can hear all the background noise in my car while I am driving with this headset, but if my voice is clear and if I can hear clearly, I sure dont mind!A girl in my office has one, and loves it - she drives all the time for work.  I just bought one for my husband and he sound great on it!Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "You are left eared. The 90 degree turn to fit the ear bud turns the wrogn way so it pops off too easily. The sound form this device is decent, but not worth the price for all the hassel of putting this on my ear and taking it off again. Also the earbud kept falling off when not in use. Poor design. I purchased this because it had so many good reviews, which is why I'm writting this one.Great sound if you can keep it on your ear and keep it from falling apart on you. So for me it was a total waste of my money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very well constructed leather carrying case for the iPhone.  You can attach this to your belt and have the headset plugged in at the same time.  The case is tight, well designed and protects the iPhone while in the case.  The case is very tight at first, because it is leather, but will stretch slightly.  You cannot fit anything other than an iPhone (meaning no extra protective sleeve) in the case.Only complaint I have is that the iPhone has to be placed in a specific direction in order for the headphone jack to be useable.  I wish it was constructed so that the jack could be used no matter which way the iPhone was placed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After reading all of the reviews, most of the other cases seemed a lot sketchier to me (reviews were very mixed).  I figured it was worth the extra few dollars to get a great one that I knew would work well (this was getting great reviews).  I didn't want to have to deal with trying to return a cheap $3 charger to some random company and risk that it would put my Droid on the fritz.  The extra few bucks was great for peace of mind.  It works perfectly and charges pretty fast.  No issues and love it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this charger for over a year, it gets very light use and it stopped working. What happens is the microUSB connector doesn't make good contact and we have to wiggle and finagle the cable to get it to work and even then it only works for a few seconds, until you hit a bump and the cable vibrates and loses its connection. I've had the same issue with mini usb to micro usb adapters from Motorola - bought half a dozen of them and none of them work reliably. I won't buy a motorolla micro usb connector again. The media bridge cables are the best, they feel like they click in when you connect them, very solid. Motorola? Not so much."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased the Motorola P513 Vehicle Power Adpater to replace the original Verizon car micro/USB charger that I purchased with my Motorola Droid and Palm Pre.  I have no use for the regular USB slot that is on the top of adapter and pretty much thought the thing was bulky and an eye sore.  This power micro adapter is slimmer, lightweight and the cord is just the perfect length.  The soft blue glowing \"M\" is pretty neat too.Call me silly, but I was worried that the center blue light would be made out of glass and was concerned if the sun hit it, it might start a fire.  I was happy to find out that it is made of a lightweight beveled plastic instead.Besides using it to charge my cell phones, I can also use it to charge my GPS system and bluetooth headset also requires a micro USB.Great buy under $10 dollars - highly recommended!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this charger for my Droid X, and it works just fine. I've been using this charger regularly for over 6 months with absolutely no problems. The cord is just long enough that I can talk on the phone while in the driver seat with the phone plugged into the adapter. Some people might find it more comfortable to find one with a longer cord, but good luck finding one for such a good price. The light on this charger is very very bright blue, which I find kind of hurts my eyes when I'm driving in the dark, but that's not a big deal to me."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Not much to say other than since this is a genuine name-brand high quality charger, you aren't apt to fry your device or slowly destroy the innards with a low-grade poorly regulated charger.  This one charges about as quickly as I've seen a car charger do its job, has a very nice decently long cord, seems well constructed, and doesn't leave me worrying about how much shorter the life expectancy of my phone is going to be if it doesn't get fried in the meantime.  I do expect that this is going to outlast the junk I've purchased in the past for $2-3.  Surprisingly, this isn't that much more expensive than those, so there is no reason to skimp on that $1-2."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I used the charger on one long trip and I can finally give it a review. Lets get right to it. On the trip I had 4g on, GPS on, Power Amp music player open and Carhome app opened. In the first half of the trip I noticed that the phone wasn't charging but it wasn't losing any juice either. It was just enough power to maintain how much battery was in there when I started the trip. With the carhome app the screen doesn't turn off unless you do it yourself. So I turned the screen off and when I got to my destination the battery went from 60 to 85% full in about an hour or so. The first half of the trip I wasn't happy at all with it because I thought it wasn't powerful enough to charge my phone. But after keeping the screen off and only turning it on to switch the song it really helped."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I haven't used a vehicle charger for cell phones in years.  Two reasons mainly.  I rarely drive, I'm usually riding the motorcycle wherever I go.  And two, the batteries last so long that I never saw the need to spend $25 + for the few times I do drive.  Just have a full charge, and I was good to go.But, with the droidx, once you start using the smart phone features, like the GPS (which I use when I leave my regular GPS at home), the battery goes down faster than just used as a phone.And, with the price ($4.71, though it's now $3.15), I figured why not?  I don't use it much, because, like I said, I don't drive that often.  But when I do, the charger is with me.An excellent deal, and I'm very pleased with it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This car charger I use for ALL my devices with MICRO USB Charger ports. The charger lights up when the phone is charging and I have found to be genuine Motorola OEM of the highest quality. And it seems to charge much faster than my old generic micro car charger did. In fact, it charged my phone from 65% to 100% while I used it on a trip in just over one hour. I was using the phone while I was charging so this to me is great! So pleased that I threw my cheapie generic car charger away and just use this genuine OEM Motorola one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I absolutely loved this product so much that I am now buying them as gifts for everyone I know.  For anyone who is a heavy user of juice, this thing rocks!  It works better than all of the others I have used.  It is a must for business travelers!! For the price, buy three!Update 10/12I ended up pinching the USB input so I had to buy a new one.  I bought two more.  The sign of a good product is whether you would buy it again.  In this case, absolutely!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have bought a few cheaper ones in the past, and they never last very long.  Cheaper ones have wiring that doesn't hold very well (shorts out very easily), or the tips that  plug into your phone or bluethooth headset,  wear out because of the thiner metal tips (they bend and wont hold snugly).THIS IS A GENUINE MOTOROLA CHARGER.YOUR PAYING A LITTLE MORE,  BUT YOUR GETTING QUALITY!I bought this as a replacement for another purchased just like it, only because their is a blue \"M\" that lights up when plugged in attracted a thief and my car was left unlocked.  If you car outlet gives you power even if the car is turned off, unplug yours and lock your doors.THIS IS A GREAT CAR CHARGER FOR ANYTHING THAT HAS A MICRO USB PLUG."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this item to replace that generic Car charger that verizon sells to you as part of a bundle. Their bulky model is supposedly good for ALL micro usb phones yet it doesn't really secure in the slot very well.After receiving this Motorola adapter, not only does it seem to fit more securely for my phone. it even has a more illuminating status indicator to tell you if its charging/working or not. And given that my phone is a droid Motorola razr, you can literally feel how secure it is when charging vs the flimsy plastic junk verizon sells you.This item is well worth it for the price and purpose."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I only used this a handful of times before the connector wasn't making a strong connection to the phone any longer.  When that happens, my phone will charge only if I hold the cable to the phone and everything is aligned perfectly.  Otherwise, as the car hits bumps, it might charge for a minute and then not charge for a minute.  And yes, it's the cable and not the phone.  This is one of the problems with buying an integrated charger/cable unit... when the cable connector goes bad, the charger becomes useless.  And it does appear to be a genuine Motorola product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Motorola P513 Car ChargerThe P513 is a micro-USB car charger that works on the Droid, Droid2, and DroidX. I can't figure out a way to change the inline fuse (if there is one), but it is cheap enough to be used as a disposable car charger. The blue LED-lit Motorola logo is a nice touch, as well as the wire tether that is included.Pros: Gets the job done at a great price, looks greatCons: Doesn't appear to be an easy way to change the fuse (if any) - but it is not a big dealOverall: 5/5 stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would be quite content with summary like that...This thing has a few months of track record by now. I am happy, in the dark it makes finding the cord really easy because of that big blue illuminated eye... I have had so many crappy chargers I bought 2 different ones at the same time in case it dies prematurely, have not even tried the other one yet. It also fits snugly in the phone socket, and the backside of the plug is labelled with a shiny sticker, so you are not trying to force it the wrong way, eventually killing one or both of them... Little thing like that... need to appreciate the thought - because every day it makes your life easier..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Even when trying to be careful with the battery on my HTC Rezound (custom ROM, custom kernel, CPU governors), it can drain faster than I'd like when I'm using 4g and on the phone often.  I had a generic microUSB charger from Verizon, but it would only charge as \"USB\" and not provide enough power to overcome the amount of battery power being used (like phone, navigation, and data at the same time).This was cheap enough to take a risk on and I'm glad I did!  It is recognized as an \"AC\" charger and charges the phone even while multi-tasking.I like the coiled cord as well (I'm also using a 90 degree adapter to make it easier to plug into the phone)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great charger with a bit longer cord which I really like! I bought one of the just wireless car chargers from Walmart for about $10 and thought I was getting a steal. I plugged it in and it made my phone reboot! Probably from a short, but never the less, I bought this charger and it works like a gem! My only complaint is that it does stick out pretty far (unnecessarily far) but for $3.xx I can't complain. Also, I think it charges my phone quicker than the just wireless one (when my phone wasn't rebooting). :) Get it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a Samsung galaxy 2 Skyrocket and was looking for a rapid charger since the one I had quit working. I knew this was the same micro-USB power Adapter as my Samsung, but everytime I plug this in my phone it seems to open up the accuweather app and plus I have my digital clock on my lock screen set to display on top and it puts it on the bottom of my lock screen. In order to put it back on top I have to turn off the phone and thats what this charger doesn't do. It automatically reboots it instead of turning it off completely. I know that's not a bad thing but I like it to turn off completely. The only cool thing is the blue Motorola emblem lights up in the middle to indicate it's on. Gonna try to find my old charger and buy that when I find it. I'm assuming that the electronics in this charger is geared toward Motorola only."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this charger not for a Motorola but for a Dell Venue Pro (just another micro usb device) and it works perfectly, charges when in use, etc...The charger lights up blue when plugged in which I kinda like, if that sort of thing bugs you then don't get this charger, although the price is great and it does what it claims to. Definitely recommend.In addition to the Dell Venue Pro I can confirm that this charges the Lumia 900, Lumia 520, Lumia 928, and my current Lumia 1020. I'm still using this charger several years later. It works very well!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought the charger for my Atrix 2 phone.  Tried my other chargers and they didn't put out enough power to actually charge the phone.  They would maintain my phone battery.  This charger will charge my battery from about 20% while I'm using it (moderate use) in about 3 hours.  The charger is well-built.  The cable is not thick, but it isn't cheaply constructed.  I suspect that it will give me about a year or a little more of heavy use.  The charger is neatly styled.  If you have a tight area to put a charger in, this may not work.  The rounded end is a little large.  Overall, though, it shouldn't give much problems.  Great charger."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have heard many fake copies of this charger.  To be safe, just order it off Amazon's own online store unless you know the other providers are reputable.The quality of this car charger is quite nice.  The twisted cable is a nice feature since it can be extended and will not dangle wildly in your car when it is in motion.  I also had another micro usb charger and it used to take forever for it to charger your phone.  The only thing I liked about my previous car charger is that you were able to connect a usb cable into the usb ports it provided but the time it took to charge your phone was not adequate for me."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this item a little over a year ago.  The price point is great for a branded vehicle charger.  The styling is interesting and futuristic.  It did seem to charge faster than other auto chargers I have used.  One minor issue is that the blue lighting produced by the charger is somewhat distracting while driving at night. It is bright and can produce glare in the driver's peripheral vision.  This is easily solved by either placing tape over the light source, or just turning it sideways.  The charger worked great hooked up to my Droid X auto mount for over a year, but recently started working only part of the time and needs to be jiggled to get it to work.  You hope when you buy name brand over generic that you're going to get a little better build quality, but at this price I'm just viewing it as a \"lease\" and just purchased a replacement.  I'll try to treat the new one a little more delicately."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I don't understand the bad reviews it's 6$ can't really complain if it last a few months or years. I own 4 now to be in multiple cars and so I can charge more then once device at a time. I am very happy with the price and product. Don't know why this product is so good and beats what you would pay 5 times more for at the store. Just shows how much we as a cosumer get ripped off. Alwasy buyer beware esspecially online. So I at least make sure it is shipped from and sold from Amazon Only so IF there is a problem it's easy to return or exchange."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this charger to replace my AT&T; charger that simply couldn't provide enough juice to my SGS3 on long trips where I used the GPS feature. This charger is significantly faster, at least twice as powerful. This was an expected result as I have always had excellent experiences using Motorola's chargers.I took one star off because the LED is just way too bright out of the box for driving at night. Fortunately, they allowed the \"M\" circular window to be easily removed by popping out the bottom ring (look for a screwdriver indent). After removing the window, the LED is easily accessed, so I applied some white-out to the LED, which successfully lowered the light output to a tolerable level.The cord and connector seem to be high quality. The cord comes with a small hook to keep unwanted extra cord out of the way - a nice added touch.Very pleased with this charger so far overall. I have owned plenty of terrible microusb chargers and this one gets the job done right."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is by far the best charger I can find for a car. It's durable and has high output. The only beef I have is that obscene Motorola logo. It's pretty but bright as hell on night driving. They could have just tinted the plastic or used a dimmer led. I took both of mine apart and used black nail polish on the bulb. The light is so bright that now it still shows as an almost ultraviolet glow. Its much more bearable but you shouldn't have to alter a product out of the box. Otherwise I've been very please with this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought two of these to charge my htc sensation. I have used both stock and aftermarket chargers. I got these because my old one broke at the micro-usb end. This has been really durable, especially at the micro usb end, where these chargers usually tend to fail. The added bonus to this one is that it charges the phone a lot faster than standard chargers. I find that a 1900 mAh battery charges from 0-100% in about an hour and a half. Most of my old/other chargers take a little over two hours. On a daily basis I find that it charges from 50% in about 35-45 mins."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I made sure this was a real Motorola (has all proper connections and holographs on stickers) product. It's universal - have used this for Samsung Galaxy, LG Optimus L9, Motorola Bluetooth and Samsung Bluetooth - all charged very fast; I believe there is something installed to keep batteries from overcharging (read full description of this item).  I'm very happy with this - sometimes I feel like just charging my phones and accessories in the car instead of in the house now. There are many fake imitations of this made in China that will burn up your battery or otherwise ruin something-  I found people's Amazon Reviews most helpful in describing what you should look for to make sure of authenticity (photos included w/some Reviews)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Okay so it works like any other charger, it still take the same amount of time to charge it has a cool look I was expecting more but hey how much more can you get out of a car charger. It took a some time to get to me plus it was not good on updating me on the tracking. So those are my negatives here are my positives..... I did get the product within the time adviced, it will charge up my phone and it has a cool blue look. Thats all I can give ya. Will still continue business with this company but will make sure to investigate comments before buying."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "PROS:--Plugs into your phone (my Galaxy Note 2) very securely. The metal tip of the plug is longer and thinner than most plugs, allowing the plug to reach all the way into charging port, even if you have a protective cover on your phone.--Plug does not fall out of phone, even when phone is sitting in a vertical docking station, and the roads are bumpy. This is great.  It snaps in with confidence.--Long cord so you can talk while charging.--Has cord hook so you can make it half as long when not using.--Big, visable blue light to ensure it's plugged in to lighter. Light is pleasantly subtle.--Truly from Motorola.  Not some fake \"Motorola\"CONS:It doesn't taste all that good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Well designed.  High power (1.0 Amp) so it can recharge your phone more quickly. Fits my car's cigarette lighter plug snugly and stays in.  The bright blue light is a bit much, but I'm getting used to it.  Cord could be longer.  Fits any phone that needs a micro-USB charger cable.  High quality construction.  Buy this -- you won't regret it.Warning: some phones, like the Galaxy S3, won't charge well if the supplied amperage is not at least 1.0 Amps.  Often, the amperage is not specified in the listings -- buyer beware."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm amazed on how fast this would charge my phone. I thought it was a gimmick on the rapid charge but its not. I can leave my girl's house at 15% battery by the time I'm home it has 80% charge. We live about 35 miles apart. ***Update when I bought this I was using it for my old Motorola Photon 4G phone now I own a Samsung Galaxy S3 it's rapid charge not effective as it was with the Photon but it still does the job. I still like the feature of the blue light that glows once you plug it in to the 9V lighter port. Would be nice to have an indicator to show full charge/charging mode. Hopefully it'll be a nice addition to newer chargers."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had a lot of trouble finding a charger that will do anything but hold the battery steady on my AT&T; Captivate (a Samsung Galaxy S phone) while being used for GPS and with the screen on.. and finally, this one does it. It also does not present itself as a real USB device (many chargers show up as a \"connected computer\"), which is great.Only downside for me is the fixed cord (can't substitute cords for other devices), but for the cost of this, it's well worth one per car."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is only a 1 amp charger, and does work very well.  And you know, it looks cool with the light up Motorola logo.....really cool.But be forewarned, it will NOT fast charge a Galaxy Note 2......it will charge faster than a standard USB charge........but not as fast as a 2 amp charger.  And if you are using your Note 2 as a GPS, it will barely maintain the current charge.  If used normally, it will charge, but just not real fast."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this originally for my Sprint Evo 3D.  It does exactly what it should, and feels like a quality product.  I originally bought an el cheapo cigarette lighter charger online, and it fell apart after 5 months of light use.  This one feels much more sturdy than any I have ever owned.  Also, at night, gives a cool blue effect from the lighted up part.  It's not really bright, so it won't affect your driving/blind you at night.  The cable is very long, so you don't have to worry about it being too short.  Great product.  I recently purchased the Sprint Samsung Galaxy S3 and it works perfectly with it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this in my vehicle almost every day and it is a fine charger.It is very stylish as it has a Moto logo with a backlight that turns on when you connect it, people always ask about it when they see it and they like it.I use it to charge my good old Atrix 4G and it has a small problem. If you connect it when your battery is under 15% the low batt warning on the phone starts going crazy and you will see as if the charger is connected and disconnected many times. It is annoying but the phone charges anyway so i live with it.I am not sure if this is a phone or charger problem."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I needed a new car charger and for $5 and free shipping, why not try it. Very sleek charger. I've seen chargers that cost 3 times as much not looks this nice. I love the blue light that illuminates when it's plugged in. It takes the guesswork out for me, so I KNOW without a doubt my phone is charging. The length of the charger is more than sufficient. It fits all phones with micro SD connections.As I stated in my review title \"Buy it, you won't regret it!\""}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I originally bought this for a Motorola phone, and when I upgraded to a Samsung, I decided to continue using it since the connector was the same. It worked perfectly. I've upgraded again, and it continues to work. It is a rapid charger, and I find that it does charge my phone more quickly than a regular charger. It has a sleek style, and I like the \"blue light\" that glows when the charger is powered. I've bought these for my wife and two sons (and none of us have a Motorola phone). But what I love most, is the PRICE (under $6 as of this review)!!! Verizon would charge me quadruple for a charger.[...]"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This charger is one of the fastest I have for my phone. Being a Micro B USB it will work with almost any smart phone. The spiral wound cord works well for the short distance in my car, but still is long enough for the chasm of my old Ford Truck as well. The only drawback that I've come across is that bright blue LED that can light up the whole car at night. It's very distracting while driving and I strongly suggest rotating the charger so the light is away from the driver's eyes."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought as a charger for my MIL's new phone. I went with this version since the cable is built-in and there could be no mix-ups with what cable to use and where/how to stick it since my MIL is not very tech-savvy. She loves it and it works very well on her phone. The blue LED is not too bright for night-driving yet bright enough to see in daytime so you know it's plugged in. My recommendation would be to get a USB car charger so you can use whatever cable you want and since you have two separate pieces, if one fails, you only have to replace that part, not the whole thing. This however, follows the K.I.S.S. principle and works very well. I would highly recommend."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I had to get a new phone I needed a different car charger. The store charged thirty five bucks so of course I said no. I knew Amazon would have it for cheaper and was I ever right. I paid a lot lot less with no shipping and handling. WHAT A DEAL!! Of course it works just as it should. I learned a long time ago to only buy Motorola accessories. The after-market companies products never seem to last. So if you're thinking about getting a car charger then I suggest getting this one. Even if you think you'll never need one, for the price it's worth keeping one in the glove box for emergencies. (Do they still call them glove boxes?)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am using this device on my Samsung Fascinate:I liked my first one so much, I ordered two more. One for each car, and one to carry with me (I'm a professional driver, and use lots of different vehicles).Fortunately, the micro-USB interface is becoming quite common, so this also charges my wifes phone, and my bluetooth headset.As a bonus, it clearly lights up to let you know when it is getting power.  This is very handy, since not all vehicles give power when the vehicle is turned off."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For roughly the same price as the cheap chargers at Walmart, I think this is a great buy. I use it for my Nexus 4 and it works perfectly fine. Charges quickly, and the battery doesn't seem to be negatively impacted at all. I personally don't have an issue with the glowing blue light, but others might, especially when driving at night. I also like the coiled cord, as it means I don't have a long cord hanging around my console. The charger itself feels high quality, so it should last for quite some time. The only drawback I can see is that the charger is a bit longer than I would prefer, but it's not a big deal. All in all it's a solid buy. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a sub $10 car charger."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have used so many car chargers for micro usb devices.  Many cheap made in china, chargers takes forever to charge the phone.  Some even do not fit well in socket, and some I had to position the charger to charge the phone.  In some charger cord came off from base charger and or micro usb end.After I invested money in this, it seems like solution of all problems.1. Durable cord, which I believe that will be fine during cold winter.2. Durable connections to base charger and micro usb end.3. Cool blue lamp which indicates charger is well connected in power socket.4. No problem with connecting and charging any micro usb phone.I liked it so much that I ordered second one to replace it in my second car!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My favorite color is blue... but that is not why I bought this adapter.  Yes, the Moto logo glows blue from the blue LED, but I know that Moto makes quality chargers.  I buy Moto chargers no matter what brand of phone I use because I know that they will stand up to abuse. If you buy one, buy several so that you can keep one in all of your cars, in your briefcase, your purse, your backpack, your desk drawer, etc.  That way you are prepared no matter where you go.  Besides, a coworker or friend will be whining one day about how their car charger died on them.  Imagine the smile when you hand over one of your prized Moto chargers and tell them to keep it.  Get them to buy you a cup of coffee or a can of your favorite soft drink.  :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my second charger like this (lost my first one... then found it the day this new replacement charger came in... figures).  Both have worked well with a Moto Droid X and Moto Droid Razr Maxx.  It charges just fine, at about the same rate as the OEM stock charger, so I assume it is around a 1A charger (probably just below 1A).  I don't care for the length of this thing; however, it's worked better than other chargers I've had."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This USB charger really does work quicker than the one it replaced.  I'd bought a generic charger from Amazon some time ago and at some point it got crushed and broke apart.  The Motorola is just a bit bigger than most chargers, but the glowy blue circle is easy to grip and doesn't get in the way of my gearshift, which is actually a pretty important thing to know when you drive a stick.I've noticed it charges my Samsung Galaxy SIII fairly quickly--with it below 20% I might but close to the top in an hour or so.  The cord is long and the coiled nature even provides more stretch if you need it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Wasn't sure what to expect with this, but it works flawlessly and it is very easy to use, as well as very portable.  Probably my only complaints are that you do have to read the manual very carefully to understand the various colors and blinks of the lights, but once you know your way around it - the device just works.  Callers cannot tell you are on a bluetooth and you can hear the callers very clearly.  It has exceeded my expectations.  Plan to get another one for our second car now."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I found this headset very comfortable, with excellent audio quality, the few times it successfully connected to my Nokia phones.After working with BlueAnt tech support and trying it on two different phones, they admitted that they have a known issue with Symbian OS phones (most Nokia and some other smartphones) where the headset can be \"paired\" with the phone, but it does not connect reliably for incoming or outgoing calls. Phrases used by the tech included:\"[We] haven't got around the compatibility issues with Symbian phones.\"\"[this is a] known issue.\"and apparently there is a significant amount of discussion on the BlueAnt support boards (which he could not find during our call).NOT RECOMMENDED FOR SYMBIAN OWNERS as much as I would like to!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this product to tether my lifeproof to me in the wave pool. I used it along with a lanyard to keep my phone on me the entire day. The quality is &#34;Good&#34; however I have seen better ones in the past. I would recommend this product for anyone who wants to tether anything with the ability to add a strap to it to anything else. This would also be useful for creating custom phone &#34;Jewels&#34;  (Those silly little things people attach to their phones just for looks)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It appears in the photo that these might be sturdy items to keep your flash/thumb drives in one handy place. Nothing's further from the truth. The &#34;thread&#34; is not much thicker than what you'd use to sew buttons with and the ring that you are led to believe will hold several items is barely 1/3&#34; in diameter. Furthermore, if you actually put a thumb drive on the ring, you'd need a pair of needle nose pliers to spread the ring apart, then forcefully close it back together. Yes, they are cheap and yes, there are several in the pack. But at over $8.00 in shipping (they come from Singapore), you can probably fashion a better thumb drive holder by using parts of old key chains. This is by far the worst purchase I've ever experienced on Amazon...who should be ashamed of themselves for selling such trashy junk.The jokes on me...I fell for the hype. Don't let that happen to you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Thank you Halo Heaven great product for Little Girls.  My Great Grand Daughters Love these Tutu's.  Will buy more from this seller.  Made well and cute on the girls.  Thanks for a great product.NEVER BUY FROM DRESS UP DREAMS........I will buy more as long as I don't buy from &#34;Dress Up Dreams&#34;  I never rec'd or order in FL. Only rec'd pink, the purple one was missing.  Company is a rip off.  REFUSES to make good on purchase...... Real creeps."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Prompt delivery, and it is exactly as described.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I haven't washed it yet- so I don't know how it will hold up... Other than that my little girl LOVES her tutus (we got one in light pink also), especially spinning and running in them :)  She's on the little side, so my concern was that it would be too big, but the fit is perfect!  The elastic waist will expand with her as she grows."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, I admit it. I'm one of the millions of Americans that massively struggles with any language either than English. I have recently returned to college to finish out my Bachelors. The university I'm enrolled in requires two years of a foreign language. Ugh. Kill me. Kill me now. BUT with using Rosetta, I was not only able to get through my class without sounding and feeling like an idiot, but I actually got A's!! I never thought that was a possibility. I'm not ready to jet off to France or anything but I'm not a complete moron any more either. I'm calling that a huge success. Once this whole bachelors things is under my belt, I will be back to pick up the next level!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've never had french, learned french, or know anything about French. Now, however, I feel like I could do OK with a quick trip and to get around conversationally. Rosetta Stone is no substitute for deep immersion learning, but it's pretty useful as a tool to learn the basics.Pros:- Builds a LOT of vocabulary quickly- Helps understand what words mean by associating them with a concept, rather than translating- Internet community is pretty cool.Cons:- Doesn't focus on grammar at all- Level 1 doesn't contain a whole lot- It's obviously pretty expensive. I guess if you're *really* interested, it's worth it.For it's purpose, it is almost perfect software. You will feel confident with the basics after this."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Although I haven't kept up with the lessons as I should have, I have learned a lot of Italian with only the first level. I spoke some dialect, but have conjugation issues! This is most assuredly the best program I've used to learn Italian. I have the older version too, and I like the new audio-visual matching; it's different from the older version and moves a lot faster.With this version, you can move at your own pace a lot easier, and see your mistakes sooner, which is helpful.Not only does this have visual learning, and learning by audio, but also by speaking, and comparing your pronunciation to that of a native speaker, which I think is the most helpful part of the software. The way the teaching of the language is set up, is I believe, the closest to learning it naturally with native speakers. I highly recommend this software...grazie!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was thrilled to get the Rosetta Stone and be able to begin a lifelong desire to speak Italian!The software was very easy to load and use. The simple approach to learning a language as a child does was one terrific idea!I agree with other posters that to become fluent you will need to purchase more than just this level 1 program. However, this does allow you to learn some simple things and I do feel you could communicate enough to get your idea across.And, it is FUN to do! I'm enjoying it immensely!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I actually have used the Rosetta Stone Spanish Level 1 & 2 and found it great in terms of learning the language. At first, the Rosetta Stone method seems harder because you associate pictures with words and phrases but their whole premise is that is how you first learned a language by seeing something and then associating the word with that object or action. It is way better than pure memorization! I have gone through several lessons and I am picking it up rather quickly as I have a background in Spanish. Overall a great way to learn a new language!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been using this for a few weeks. Previously, my Italian was limited to stuff I'd see on \"The Godfather\" and a few foods. I'm a bit better now, and eager to see what the further levels of Rosetta Stone look like. Rosetta Stone is no substitute for deep immersion learning like living there, but it's pretty useful as a tool to learn the basics.Pros:- Builds a LOT of vocabulary quickly- Helps understand what words mean by associating them with a concept, rather than translating- Internet community is pretty cool.Cons:- Doesn't focus on grammar at all- Level 1 doesn't contain a whole lot- It's obviously pretty expensive. I guess if you're *really* interested, it's worth it.For it's purpose, it is almost perfect software. You will feel confident with the basics after this."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Good costume.  Very detailed.  I like that the body is a foam so it stands up a little on its own.  You might not be able to tell from the picture, but there are shin-guard type pieces for the legs, and gauntlets on the sleeves.  Nice touch.  It is a little thin overall.  You'll definitely want to put something underneath if you're in a colder climate.  My only disappointment is that the back of the torso is entirely black.  It's ok for us because I bought the inflatable wings, but without the wings, I think it would look weird."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Exactly what i wanted as a gift for a friends 1st trip to europe.This is made from the soft kind of fabric that is comfortable to sleep with against your skin.Just the right amount of space to fit a passport and 2 additional sections of the same main pocket,for currency, credit cards, tickets, etc.It's important to get one like this that has no metal, so it can be worn through security check points,with metal detectors without the need to remove it.This is crucial as no one but you should know this is where the bulk of your important items are.The one main pocket is closed with a velcro strip.It also has a nice thickness to the cord and well chosen adjustment buckle for it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "the last time i travelled i got one of the waist ones, and it was so annoying i never used it.  i haven't yet really used this one but i already feel much better about it.  i tried it out when i first opened the box when it came and wore it for a bit around my neck.  i don't like the toggle, but i doubled up the strap and tucked the toggle in the top flap of the stash and it works great.  i also wrapped it around my calf just below my knee to see if that would work too.  it worked just fine and i might wear it there when i wear my boots. i'm not sure if it really needs all those different departments, but that's ok. i don't think it's too big or too small."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Soft and really light.  Works really well and is very well thought out with 2 zippered pockets and an large Velcro pouch with 2 separate pockets.  I find this a very good arrangement.  Money in one zippered pocket and card and license in the other and the cell phone in the Velcro pocket. I also like the adjustment on the length of cord so you can wear it high or lower.  Not my everyday wallet as a full size Spec Op but this is great for days when more security is need or no pockets."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you're trying to connect two 50 lb suitcases together, this is not the strap to use. Look for the Travelon Multi-Bag Stacker, Black, One Size.This simple buckle and strap looks easy to use but it isn't. When you're in a hurry and you need to adjust the tension on this strap, you're fussing around with it in baggage claim. The Travelon Multi-Bag Stacker has extra \"tongue\" to quickly pull on (like a backpack strap) so you can clip, pull to tighten, and GO.This Lewis N Clark strap is good for light loads and smaller bags.  For larger ones, this one was a pain to use. You get what you pay for. Choke up the extra $5 and get the Travelon, you'll be glad you did."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We got several of these before our overseas (by plane) trip.  They came in very handy for stacking the bags and luggage we had to manhandle through customs, airports, into taxis & B & Bs, etc.  They were very easy to use & sturdy, and I recommend every traveler carry a couple for unexpected needs (to bind more than one thing together for easy carrying).  I used one every day in the rental car to hang my bags on (hung it from the head rest) so items didn't get tossed and lost."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very fast shipping!Inflates easily and stayed inflated well.The elastic harness Velcros, so it's safe and it's gives a small 1/4\" adjust-ability to their size.They do stick out quite a bit from the sides of the child, but I think it adds to the excitement for the child.a lot of fun, The material is the same as that as a blow-up pool, so there is some durability, but seriously you have to expect that it can easily be punctured just the same if you are not careful."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These were great for my son's halloween costume.  Looks fantastic.  They are inflatable - I don't know if you can tell that from the picture.  You have to get them really inflated in order for the wings to stick out straight like they should.  My chief complaint is how the straps (very thin 1/4&#34; elastic) are attached to the jet pack.  It looks like they will break loose any moment.  Mine survived a halloween party and halloween itself, but I don't expect this to stand up to much more.  It did look great with the costume, though!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Purchased at Bagram Afghanistan PX in 2007 and this watch is a must-have for anyone treking into the mountains (of which I did, alot).  Over the years the watch has taken a beating - the bezel is scratched up but, I still get a lot of comments about the watch.  The altimeter (incl the memory function) worked very well.  Battery replacement is easy (and has to occur about once a year).  The watch is a typical ABC watch, that looks good and does the job."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "&#34;What is thaaaat?!?&#34; That was the shriek exclaimed by my 2.5 y/o when she opened this up on Christmas! She is so super excited about this purse set... She loves the credit card, phone and &#34;Chapstick (lipstick)&#34; the most. The size of the enclosed items are. Perfect for a toddler. The price was really good, too. We are definitely very happy with this purchase. Oh, for those who may care, the mirror that came with her set was yellow vs the shown blue, just FYI."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My daughter had one of these when she was a toddler. It was really sweet and she loved carrying it around and taking the stuff out. I ended up buying one for my step-grandaughter this Christmas. She was thrilled with it and just like my daughter used to do, she had a blast pulling everything out, going through it and putting it all back in. Everything is easy to hold, fun to look at, and just grown-up enough to make them feel like this really is their own purse."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My oldest daughter, who is now 5 years old, got one of these purses a couple of years ago from my mother.  Out of all of the toys that my daughters have, this is the one that they would fight over the most, so for my youngest daughter's 3rd birthday I got her her very own \"First Purse\".  They both love playing with all of the included accessories, and often throw in a few additional items of their own.  The purses and accessories are all very durable, in fact, I had to put my daughters' initials on everything because I really can't tell the difference between the new items, and the items that we've had for a couple of years already.  Out of all of the little purses that I've looked at online and everywhere else, I definitely feel like this is the cutest and best deal out there."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The kids just love this. Why---no clue. I ordered it because my friend asked me to order it for her daughter, so I ordered 2---one for my daughter as well. We live in the caribbean, where it's hot, so a thick plush backpack is something you don't want to have on your back. The color is cute too, but I can see it easily getting soiled. I didn't let this backpack out of the house, and ended up giving it to another child.I liked the pull-out map feature that comes attached to it though. The flap stays closed with a magnetic closure. Good size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I work with a friend who is the biggest Chuck Taylor fan of all time.  She has who knows how many pairs of Chucks (over 20), and always seems to wear a different color every day.  So to be a good friend, I had to get a pair.  Red, being one of my favorite colors, seemed the right choice.  I bought size 6.5 Men's, which translates to 8.5 Women's.  The fit is good!  These are heavier than I would have expected, but they aren't uncomfortably so.  They are very sturdy considering so much of them is made from canvas.  My feet feel well supported.  While I probably won't go bonkers over them, I might have to invest in a second pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a major Converse fan, I like to collect them in all different colors, why not pink? I already knew my Converse size from the other Chuck Taylor colors I already owned, so sizing wasn't an issue at all, even though most of my other Converse are low-cut Oxfords. The high-tops can take a little more work to get onto your feet, but it's worth it I think for the high-top style. And the pink is a nice subdued shade, not a gaudy hot pink or anything like that. Definitely recommended for both women and men who are secure enough in themselves to go out and about wearing pink Converse. They look great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I didn't get my All-Stars on Amazon, but I wanted to write a review. I actually bought mine used on eBay about two years ago in June 2012. Like other reviews note, they do run large. I normally wear a size 10.5-11, but got a size 10 and they fit comfortably. I bought gray hi-tops with red trim. I initially got them for dead-lifting back when I trained with weights. Since then, I've been using them for casual wear and they've held up very well. I currently live in northern New Jersey and these shoes are nice for non-winter conditions. The shoe has eyelet vents, so when there's a lot of rain, snow or slush on the sidewalks, you may want to go with something else."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The shirt is fine, good quality, fresh, comfortable, like the picture. It is a little delicate if you touch with it surfaces irregular... some strip can fall out. I bought two sizes more thinking about my son could wear it for more time and it will not fit too tight like picture... maybe that is uncomfortable for a kid BUT although that size fit relax but fine the sleeve is too long, I had to cut it so I think that the better way is to buy it in the correct size or maybe one size more and cut the sleeve. Wherever, my son loves to wear this tee.(Sorry for my english)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I'm not gonna lie... I've tried a few of them to save a little money. but i ended up being very disappointed every time. then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it. it is such a great line of products, and very versatile. i use it for hunting, i use it for running, i use it at work. it's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour, it's going to be a solid product. keep up the great work."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My 4 yr old son needed black shoes for a play he was in. I didn't want to buy dress shoes as he would not get any additional wear out of them. I opted for these black Converse. They were adorable, they fit him well - he is about a size 11 little kids but I ordered the 12 and they are fine with a bit of growing room.  He calls them his &#34;Chucks&#34; and thinks he's cool when he wears them...well, he is pretty cool - he has worn them several times since the play so overall, it was a good purchase."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ok the title is based on Julie Sarinana  check out her blog and you too will see why.  The shoes arrived on time to my girlfriend house.  A perfect fit she said, as she is wearing a mens 4.5 for her 6.5.  Strange I know but that how they are listed.  I purchased these Converse in White Canvas shoes for my little asian cutie she is 5'1&#34;  and maybe 118lbs.  My girlfriend will be wearing these new Canvas Converse at Disneyland.  She'll copy the amazing fashion style recommendation in Sincerely Jules  web site.  The complete outfit for the day at disney:  Tangerine Sweatshirt, Crisp WHITE Roxy Cotton Shorts, Sneakers: White Canvas Converse Chuck Taylors, Sunglasses: Karen Walker.  Another great purchase.  Enjoy your All Star White Canvas Shoes.  I am sure enjoy my asian cutie wearing hers."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "For a long long time I have wanted a pair of these in pink. I think years ago these were made only for males because my brothers had them. From time to time I have seen them but never in pink. Well finally pink and I jumped on them as soon as I saw them. I have worn them and got some really nice compliments. I am a &#34;young&#34; senior and I wore these with my crop jeans and with my long jeans folded up and they really look great! I am a fashionista!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a great looking, simple looking sneaker or deck shoe in a variety of colors. I wear an 11 1/2 EW (EEE). These shoes were only offered in D widths, so I bought 12D. It fits my foot length and width, but it's a little tight from the top of my foot to the sole of my foot. I wear a 1/2\" lift in my left shoe, but it won't fit in this shoe. I wear this sneaker without my lift if I'm driving with only short walks outside the car. The soles don't afford much protection if I step on a walnut in my back yard - so I try not to do that. I bought these shoes in green and red. The first time I wore them, a young man passed me and said, \"Great Chucks.\""}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a pair of low-cut Cons All-Stars for just hanging out, and as a reminder of the ones I wore as a kid.  But for sure I didn't want to spend a hundred bucks!  These are great.  Fit is good, quality good, and they came with an extra pair of shoelaces!  No arch support at all,  but you need to know that before you buy, so you won't be disappointed.  I put in a pair of my Dr. Schols inserts and I'm a happy camper, lol.  Have been wearing them constantly since they arrived."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Chucks since I came out of the womb. I've been through many pairs, and after I decided to retire my old black ones due to a blown out heel I wanted to go with something new. The white is really an eye catching color, and more subdued in person than some of the pictures out there. BE WARNED, Chucks are about a size bigger than your actual shoe size. For example I wear a size 7 in women's, which would be a size 5 in Chucks, but these are really too big so I went with the size 4. I find the white adds some contrast, especially if you wear dark colors like I do."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my second pair of chucks so I kind of knew what to expect. I also have a pair of high tops and love them but decided to get a low top for the summer. I got them in carmine rose and they are such a pretty color, so glad I went with them! It is a light and airy shoe for spring and summer and the color isn't too girly or childish, I just love it. They will look cute with anything from shorts to skirts to jeans. Converse is a go to classic. But, if you need arch or ankle support these are not for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this bra, fits tight and holds the girls in but i will say right after i got it one of the snaps broke off i think it was defective so now i have a bra i paid alot for that one hook can't be snapped but other then that i love it, i have went thru alot of bra's and this is by far the best support it is kinda hot and takes a little getting used to it is my first compresion bra, so that may be it for me, but i would say if you are larger busted try it, i just wish my bra would not have broke it would have got 5 stars if it had not broke. i was very disapointed in that but like i said not one of the other snaps have broke so i really think it was a defect of some kind."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a very active person with a 34DDD chest.  I am forever on a search for the perfect bra.  For sports, this is it.  I can wear it in my highest impact activities, and everything stays put.  It's not really attractive, and sure doesn't look great with a spaghetti strap work out top, but it does the job.  Getting into it is a little tricky; you start at the bottom hook and work your way up, adjusting your breasts as you go.  It is supposed to feel tight, so you might think you have the wrong size at first.  But after wearing it for a few minutes it feels comfortable.  ZERO bounce or movement.  Incredible!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, I normally wear a 40 band bra, and an F/G cup depending on the brand. In a Lane Bryant Full Coverage bras I wear a 40DDD. I followed the measurements and this bra holds very well, but I have spillage at the sides and the top. The band fit correctly and I honestly feel if I went up a size the band would be too big. For myself I will seek a bra with cups and not numbers. This bra is awesome if you are a 40 DD, (40 DDD the biggest) as the sizing chart states. I give credit to the fact that for the cup sizes provided was correct. I guess my &#34;girls&#34; are just way too big. I will keep it and wear a compression vest on top of it.  My measurements did fit a size 4 though, so for ladies looking for some serious hold, definitely get this."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra is very durable and I love the thick straps that do not cut into my shoulders - LOVE IT!  However, the measurement method and sizes will not always be correct, as the recommended way to measure may be correct but the sizes recommended are not.I did the measurements as instructed and was given a size to buy and the cups are way too small - my breasts are spilling out on the sides.  Some may be wanting to say go a size bigger but if I do, the bra will be too slack, as it is the bra is very comfortable but the cups are way off.  I need a bra just like this but with bigger cups.  Any recommendations?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought a white Enell about 3 years ago and had it fitted in a store. So that was helpful because I was confident in what size I needed to buy. But the size chart provided is helpful and seems to be accurate for me. This is SO supportive and makes my workouts so much better. Also this is the only bra I can run in. I will say the purple one feels slightly cheaper than the white one I bought years ago. The straps are a little papery/less padded. I'm  not sure if that is because it's newer and they have changed them all or just this purple one is different. But either way it's still great and very supportive! Will probably order one more in black just so I have a clean one at all times."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have 40/38 DD size breasts but I love to run. :-( THis bra has been my go to bra when running, doing HIIT and Turbo Fire. I've tried other bras such as the Panache and to double bra other bras but nothing compares. My ONLY gripe is that it's not adjustable and at 64 bucks a bra that sucks especially if you're losing weight because you'll have to spend more money on a smaller bra. Get this bra if you're looking for maximum support. I'm actually going to buy another one because I don't want to have only one."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this bra not with sports in mind.  This is not a 'pretty, feminine' bra. As a large busted woman, I was tired of being disappointed with ill fitting bras. I needed the back/posture support and ample coverage.  This bra provides both--however the drawbacks are: 1)the straps are not long enough for me and 2) It gives you that 'minimizer bra' look. Nice wide straps and it provides cleavage coverage.  You may want to wear a tank or camisole with lower/open neck tops."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have used a version of this bag for many years and keep coming back to it.  I tried a Baggallini bag recently and decided I didn't like it so well because it actually had too many compartments for me and I'd forget where I put things.  With the Ameribag, I find things more easily.  I also need to carry a water bottle with me and this bag has just the right amount of space for it, whereas I didn't have that with my Baggallini.  I have lengthened the strap to use it cross-body style, which is more comfortable for me to carry.  The extra-small version is just right for me, a short person.  The larger ones are a little too big.  With this size, I can fit a baglet inside, which can be handy at times.  I like that this nylon bag is washable.  It cleans up easily!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First one arrived with the little plastic hook that connects the bottom strap broken.  Not sure I like this way of connecting strap seems cheap where metal may be better way, as women even this size is smaller than previous ones owned by LL Bean.  Wanted to have smaller bag hoping to lighten my load, so to speak as my shoulder is paying the price now older. Nice pockets with magnets on outside and set up the same with many pockets. I will use the second one sent to replace first but, will most likely go back to LL Beans.  The only thing on that one after years of use the zipper stopped working."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this due to the good reviews it has on Amazon. I plan to use it for long day trips, weekend trips, and vacations. It has plenty of room, separate sections, and extras that will work out great for holding all kinds of stuff! I can't wait to use it! I have smaller bags like this where the strap goes across the body, and I prefer that when traveling or walking around all day long, but I definitely needed a bigger one (but not too big - haha). I feel safer knowing it can't be stolen from me and it is also more comfortable to wear. It is made well and I like that the material will repel water. Great bag!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My wallet appears  to be a taupe color. The colors I would  have preferred were out of stock. Having said that, there is nothing wrong with the color I got. It isn't fully leather so don't yet know how long it will last. It comes with a check book cover which can be removed. Haven't any cash, so can't tell how happy it would be in the compartments, but my credit card and insurance etc cards seem perfectly happy :). I especially like that the ID view pocket has a hole in the center which makes it much easier to get you DL out when needed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had to replace my Buxton organizer clutch that I have had for years and years and years. Poor thing was definitely looking dog-eared. I was delighted when I received the new one, and found it was exactly like my old one. No cheapening of the product at all.This is not the fanciest purse organizer that you can buy, nor the most expensive.  But if you want something that just gets the job done, than this is it.  I expect that this will last for years also.Definitely recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "However for me it just doesn't hold enough to be really a piece I'd be able to carry long term. Now we all need so many club cards for stores you to those plus a credit card and drivers license you can barely squish your Health and Car insurance cards it it. Unless you don't have much to carry, I'd say skip it. Buxton, consider making this a little bigger to carry more and its a serious winner. Now if the banks would still make this style of checkbook It would be very convenient."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this wallet on a Friday, and I received it the following Tuesday, and it is BEAUTIFUL. I ordered the red one, because red is my favorite color. It is VERY nicely made. Very roomy, has LOTS of places to carry cards etc. The leather is nice and soft to the touch. I think that I am going to be VERY pleased with this wallet for years to come. It also came in a very nice box, so that if anyone were getting it for a gift for someone it would be easy to wrap."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been looking for years in stores for a replacement for my 25 year old wallet.  I am a creature of habit--and do not trade in ANYTHING lightly.  But you can imagine the looks I got with the one I was carrying, beyond old--it was tearing apart, looked terrible--but until I found EXACTLY what I wanted--it was staying.  I just got finished transferring all my life from that to the new Buxton wallet.  Mind you, a wallet to me is a brief history of my life-- where I carry Catholic holy cards, my NRA life-membership card, pictures of my late husband and drivers licenses dating back 15 years.  ALL FIT WITH NO PROBLEM.  I am sorry I did not go on line before last week or I would have found this much sooner.  But EVERYTHING, I mean it ALL fit with no problem.  HIGHLY recommend."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the closest thing I have found to a wonderful compact wallet I bought in Italy and used to death. It appears to be well made and I think it will stand up to wear. It has as many pockets and compartments as I need. I appreciate the change purse part that opens up with a snap fastener. Many other wallets have a small gusseted change section that is zippered and doesn't open far enough for you to see what change you have. I wanted something that didn't require me to empty all the coins out to find what I needed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just ordered this item for my wife as a gift.  She was very happy with this product.  I don't know anything about it, sinceI don't carry one of these.  All I can advise to the customers is, what she said about this product.  She stated that itwas a well known brand, and she liked the soft leather and the well organized compartments in the billfold.  She reallyliked the quality and the full rich color of the leather.She advised that, a product such as this, is hard to find in the department stores locally.  She was very pleased with thelooks and color, and the percise arrangement and the design.  Must be a good one, she is very happy with it.The picture and decription of this item, is right on the money, on the sellers page............."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This purse is very likeable.  It's a handy, small size and the leather is quite soft to touch.  The drawback is that the gap at the top when the purse is clasped is so large little items may fall out.  With the price of lipstick these days, I won't chance carrying it loose in this purse!  I did keep the purse, though, thinking I can use it for special occasions when it suits my outfit.  On those occasions, I plan to put the smaller items in a cosmetic bag and carry that inside the purse."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a burgundy to match a tote bag I have, but this is a little too dark. The style is nice, though, with lots of room for the amount of stuff I carry. I wish the credit card slots were enclosed within the pouch of the bag for more security. I ordered a credit card stacker to play it safe. Overall, it's a nice mini bag for carrying cash,cards and my smartphone.05/05: Today I tried to open the inner flap and the clasp was stuck fast and I ended up tearing it. Too bad because the red one I have is still doing fine with normal wear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a 40DD but got the 40DDD instead since it was my first time ordering bras from Amazon. The fit would have been ideal if it wasn't padded. Women who already have large enough 'girls' do not need the padding. The bra looks perfect online, however, the workmanship left much to be desired. For example, the black lace  flowers design that covers the beige material needed some more attention to be paid to it. While the flowers were pretty, each flower bud and petal had thread sticking out (the flowers are sewn on). All the manufacturers had to do was just clip off the extra pieces of thread. I plan to do just that."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this slip using Amazon Prime 2 day free shipping and received it one day early.  The package was in excellent shape. I am very happy with Amazon Prime delivery.The slip was exactly what I wanted the nylon material feels very good next to my skin and the lace adds a very nice touch to this slip.  The fit is excellent and the length was just what I expected.  I will be ordering more of these in different lengths and also in black.  I wish there were more color options than just black and white.  I have purchased other Vanity Fair slips and have not been disappointed with any of them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am so happy with these... they feel great and very sturdy.  The sizing chart was accurate... I am 5'6/200 and I ordered 1x/2x which fit fine.  The control top is very comfortable compared to other brands.  The fabric is very smooth, not too flimsy but not suffocatingly thick either. It also is not snagging like other nylons, nor do I notice any pilling.  They are so comfortable, and I expect to get many more wears out of these.  I am so impressed with these I just bought 2 more pairs."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my second garter from Rago and it's amazing. If you're looking for shapewear, this is the brand you want. Don't bother with Spanx, they're not gonna hold you in. They'll smooth all the lines, but this one will give you the firmed up, 1950s look. I work at a 1950s clothing shop and I'm not the only girl who wears Rago!Also, I'm a petite girl and Rago has sizes for me. Shapewear in smaller sizes can be difficult to come across.Anyway, Rago is an amazing brand, please don't hesitate to get something from them. &#60;3"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Purchased this to wear under a formal dress for a wedding.  The control and slimming aspects are outstanding; really made my dress hang well.  Unfortunately, every time I sat down, the bottom would ride up so once I stood again I would need to slip into the ladies' room to pull it back down.  I avoided anything with a seat because it becomes so cumbersome to go to the bathroom and thought this would be a good alternative but it was not.  I would buy a Ragu product again just not this style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a rago 1359 obg every day. with it on I have a flat tummy again. Wearing a girdle does meanwearing panties under (Vanity Fair Nylon Rivissant) - to help put it on and stockings (Berkshire It Fits)toprevent ride up. Dressing in the morning takes a bit of time but my girdle does stays in place. At first it is tight, then comfortable, and then I forget that I have it on. I do not have that girdled look and I really dolook better with my girdle on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Truly terrible.  I purchased two of the three packs and upon opening one package I discovered that they were full of pulls that would lead to runs during/after first use.  Next I tried on another pair only to discover that whilst the length of the stocking was fine the spandex/elastic was so weak that they almost immediately fell down even though they fit.  Also, I found them to be very sheer.  I thought that by purchasing the 'fantasy black' that they would be more like tights in color but that was not the case.  Overall, very unhappy with this product and will be returning for a full refund."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very nice bra, but the material is a bit stiff, which keeps the girls where they're supposed to be, though. It'll give a pointy shape, which is not very flattering with regular t-shirts, but will add some lift with \"flowy\" tops.BE AWARE: even though it says that this item qualifies for free returns, you will have to pay for the shipping costs if you want to return this bra!!! Amazon customer rep told me it's because the product is not sold/fulfilled by Amazon itself, but by a 3rd party. It puzzles me why Amazon mentions free returns on the product page when it doesn't apply  to that specific product. On a product that doesn't cost much, having to pay for return shipping is quite a waste."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I almost always order Bali bras because they are true to size.  I ordered 44DDD and it fits me perfectly and is very comfortable for maybe half a day.  After about 5 hours the underwire started to poke under my arms.  I much prefer not to wear any bra with an underwire because they are notoriously uncomfortable, but apparently there are none in my size.  The covering on the underwire is quite soft and cushiony but still the wires poke through into my under arms.  I am disappointed but maybe I am ordering the wrong size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This has been my favorite bra for Years! Every once in a while I do try a different style but I always go back to this one. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the strap on my right shoulder slides off my shoulder so I do have to wear a rubber thing I found in a bra shop made just for that problem, it kinda bothers my skin, reason I try others. But I've never wornout any of the others before I'm buying another one of these..... they just work better for me. These I wearout & have to buy new ones."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was doing a lot of reading online.  And the bras with the best support are seamed bras.  Most of the new seamless bras are overly padded and flatten me out.I looked at my local stores but it's very hard to find a seamed bra that isn't a minimizer in huge sizes.  Most start in D cups.This is an attractive bra visually and I would normally just order up one size,  but I look like I should be the musical \"Grease.\"  Or in a 1950's TV show.My husband said I was a walking weapon in this thing.  I could use my breasts to poke the eyes out of a potential attacker.It does not look like the photo of it on amazon.  Anyone who put this on, would have to push their breasts into the front of the narrow part of the cup to fill it, and would end up looking pointy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have bought Bali bras before and have not had problems with them.  Had under wire bras quite a few times and didn't have problem with them either.  Have worn 1 twice and I was at work and I had to cut out the under wire is was so uncomfortable.  I will be returning the other 3 that I bought.  If I was smaller they probably would be alright, but being on the heavier side when I sit down there is not enough padding on the bottom of the bra to protect the mid-section."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I think I will like it better once its washed several times and stretches just a little.  I have had these before and found the same thing.  If they offered half sizes, I would have gotten a half size larger.  I know the next size up does not fit...its too big, BUT this is a nice bra, does a good job of minimizing.  It does go up a little into my arm pits, but I don't think that will bother me after it softens up a bit.  Like the straps and shape of cups.  Well made.  I would love to find a bra that I give 5 starts to but probably will not in my lifetime."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have very narrow shoulders so my bra straps constantly need hiking up. Many years ago, I finally found a Wacoal that stays put but it no longer fits and is being discontinued. I have tried every single other brand on the planet and they all slip off so I got this to hold them in place. It works perfect. I wish I didn't have the extra bump across my back but it's better than constantly reaching in my shirt to pull up slipping straps. I like that it is adjustable, too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is too expensive for the cheap quality of this product! Because the plastic is so slippery, when you put it on the back of your bra and attempt to adjust it to your liking, as soon as you begin to raise your bra straps onto your shoulders, the little adjustment clip will slip/revert back to the starting point of where you begin when you tried to adjust it. I can see this happening if I were over weight and/or had large breast, but Im a size 8 and a B cup so this shows you how defunct this product is. Furthermore, the company I bought this from here on Amazon (i.e. Lady Grace) has an outrageous shipping cost! This piece of crap should be half the cost to ship but the company charges an unreasonable shipping fee because they make you pay for them to mail you their unwelcomed catalog (along with this cheap gadget) which I threw in the recycling bin as soon as I got it. Total waste :-("}
{"label": 8, "raw": "my legs are mostly in no nonsense pantyhose but a co worker said to try the hanes sheer nylon pantyhose, i really like how sheer my control top sheer toe silk reflections pantyhose are, these pantyhose are very soft and sheer nylons, like all of my pantyhose when i pull up very sheer pantyhose i take my time so i dont run my nylons and pantyhose, once on i love how these pantyhose make me feel, i prefer reinforced toe pantyhose but sheer toes are nice also. i wear pantyhose and nylons everyday and now have several pairs of hanes pantyhose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love Hanes Silk Reflections pantyhose.  I have been wearing them for over 15 years, I have tried others but keep coming back to Hanes.  I love the feel and looks of them they fit me perfectly and still look good after a long day.  They feel wonderful on my legs and feel great under my clothes whether I am wearing slacks or a skirt.  They are also very durable for such a sheer pair of pantyhose.As an Amazon Prime member I used the 2 day free shipping and received the package on time and in good shape."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These hold up and are a great value. They are also very pretty and flatter my not-the-best legs. I don't like wearing pantyhose but in a professional job they are still needed. That's my opinion, anyway. I have some great dresses and suits with skirts for work (yes, I am the consummate professional) and these are a necessary accessory. Is 'necessary accessory' an oxymoron?Thanks, Hanes. You make me thinner and more impressive.  How many products can honestly boast that?Marcianne Waters"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm accustomed to push up bras because of my lack of endowment, so this was definitely something different. Straps are nice and thick. Back band is wide. Front portion lays flat underneath bra instead of tilting up. Cups themselves are two layers of lace that support nicely but do not form the breast as a padded bra might. Will not hide *ahem* signs of 'cold weather'. Middle portion does tend to press into the chest. My boyfriend will love it when he gets back from the holidays."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I found the band to be a little bit snug, but it otherwise fits pretty much as expected.  However, don't be fooled by the picture for this item.  Unless you have naturally perky breasts or you would actually wear a half size and size down, your breasts are not going to sit that high in the cup.  As with all demi bras, beware: any upper chest side boob fat you may have will be smushed into adorable little rolle, in a most unfortunate and highly visible manner.  Don't buy this bra if you are carrying 20lbs extra or more.  You will not be happy with the results."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra is beautifully made and quite supportive. I'm large-busted (anywhere between a 32DDD and H, depending on brand/maker) and chose to try a 34DDD for this bra since cups run small on most brands that aren't specifically for large chests, and this item doesn't come larger than DDD. It turns out to be a little large in the cup, which almost never happens to me! But the support seems good and the bra is both delicate and sexy while still providing coverage. I'll be returning for a smaller size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the second time I purchased a bra on Amazon and the sizing is not the same as the bra in store. I got fitted for Felina bras and was told that I am a 32DDD in their bras. When I tried the bra on in store, it fit perfectly so I decided to order on Amazon because the store price was way more expensive. This bra has so much space in the bust area that I cannot possibly wear it as the 'girls' will jiggle with any step that I make. Terrible!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bali Skimp Scamp Briefs are THE MOST COMFORTABLE UNDERWEAR I have ever worn in my 64 YRS. of life!! They are very Soft and Silky with a back seam instead of side seams. These briefs NEVER, EVER Ride up or get stuck (you know where), they ALWAYS Stay in Place, my clothes glide over them very easily and there's No visible Panty line either!! I would rather go without than wear any other under garment!! Try 'em, You'll LOVE 'em too!! You'll Never be Sorry with this purchase."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are the best.  When you get them out of the bag, you might think you ordered panties that were 2 or 3 sizes too small, but that's just the way they look until you try them on.  They fit great.  They hold in your stomach quite a bit and the leg opening doesn't ride up in the back.  Stays put.  These also come in a lace waist band that rests lower (on your hip).  I have that style too and it is  nice but I like these better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Apparently, Jockey makes different styles of underwear for sale in stores and online in packages.  I got what I thought looked identical to ones I got at JCPenney--every detail was the same, the fiber contents were the same--and when I got them, they were not the same.  They do fit pretty well--but not as well as the others I have.  They are not soft and silky and stretchy like the ones I got at the store.  They are really thick, and so a little hot for summer and they don't have a lot of stretch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love simple white underwear.  Easy to wash, easy to bleach to get that nice clean look.  Cotton is breathable and comfortable.  This design has the nice french cut, which means they go higher up on your thigh. I buy a new 3 pack about once a quarter.  I use the more worn pairs when I go on vacation or on a business trip, and then just throw them away instead of having to come home and wash them...:)These are not the most longest lasting underwear ever, but I sure like them right out of the package.  Which is important.  If you have to wash them for weeks before you like them, what a waste!Nothing fancy or sexy about these, but they are quality and comfortable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been using this string bikini for over 30 years....then, department stores stopped carrying them because they \"don't sell as well\". Now, I found them online and I am back wearing them. They are ALL cotton-therefore breathable and comfortable besides looking good on you as they are nicely-styled (read \"sexy\", the picture with model's tummy facing the right does them more justice). My dermatologist recommends all-cotton panties. And these are that and look great..NO granny panties! The cotton-encased elasting band is VERY comfortable, keeps its elasticity even when the product wears out finally and protects skins afflicted with latex intolerance (my problem) or allergy. The bikni over all is sturdy and lasts and lasts. I highly recommend them. I thank Jockey for still making them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's not lined so you definitely might have 2 peaks showing through your shirt.  The cup wasn't the right fit for me.  I've been experimenting with finding the appropriate bra sizes and decided to try a 30F in this bra because a 30 E wasn't available.  My true bra size is a 28E and my sister sizes are a 30DD and a 26F.  I thought if I went in the middle and got a 30E it would fit but I was wrong.  Definitely get your true size in this bra if they have it,  If they don't, then I wouldn't recommend getting a sister size or guessing which size would fit."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought my first pair about four years ago and was quite pleased with them.  They are like a heavy duty control top panyhose but they really lift and tuck the goopy stuff.Recently while trying on some new skirts I turned around and was dismayed at what appeared in the mirror!  Horrors!  My butt has gone south, but not to worry, I tried the said skirts on with my Spanx and that solved my problem.  Now the twins back there look nice and perky...well, not like when I was 16, but maybe when I was a 33 year old dance teacher.The waist and thighs stay in place, no rolling there.  Even though I'm a size 2 it does take a little more \"work\" to get these babies on. But once they are in place, wow!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "at first, I was a bit wary about buying them since I have thick thighs & worried that it'd cut into my legs & you'd totally be able to tell I'm wearing them. nope, not with these. I love them. they slim down my legs & love handles enough so I can wear a size lower than what I'd wear without them. easy to manage & they don't really roll down on the top unless I'm hunched over. I just have to make sure that they're pulled down far enough on my legs so they don't make any marks. (size 11/12 jean)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "You can't beat the quality of Spanx as long as you accept that you MUST order two sizes larger than the chart says you need. You will never get them on otherwise. (And if you do get them on, you'll be miserable.) Order two sizes up and they'll still be snug and hold down the jiggles. You'll feel confident and comfortable. These are perfect under skirts to keep you cool and prevent thighs from rubbing together. They also keep the skirt from sticking to your behind after you've been sitting. They're still a challenge to get on - especially after using a public restroom where you don't have a lot of room. Also, I can see where they'd be easy to snag with a rough fingernail or ring, so be careful. I really wish they'd make them in more sizes for larger bodies, but overall, they are awesome and worth the price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had read and watched several articles and shows about this product and thought I would try a pair since I was going to a wedding.  The panty was of nice quality but I do believe they should cost 25 dollars.  The fit well for most of the evening but I did have to go to the ladies room twice because the waist was rolling down on me.  From what I read this was not supposed to happen. Overall, I would not spend the money again on this product as I believe it should sell for no more than 15 dollars not 25 dollars."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this for my 8 month lean baby boy. I did have to take it in a bit (It is sized for 12 to 18 ), but it was easy to do. He loved it and had it on all night over his PJs. It is made with mobile babies in mind, not one hole. The top fit well on his head over top of a beanie (I put the beanie on first for a while till he was used to it, then added the top) he didn't even notice it (until the top would flip down, but to really a problem, flips back and is pretty sturdy) ."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "At least they are tight on me.  I have a 38&#34; waist, so ordered the 36-38&#34; Large size.  They fit, but are very tight.  Next time I'll order XL.  Other than that, I love the Kangaroo pouch style.  For years I've worn Munsingwear's Kangaroo pouch briefs, but reviews on their latest product have not been good now that they're made in China, so I was happy to find Jockey making this style brief.  I'm very happy with the quality... just should have ordered the larger size...."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I know how long they lasted because my Amazon purchase history shows when I bought the last pair, on 11/27/10.  I know they lasted more than 2,000 miles because  I always wore these shoes when I walked my dog and that was twice a day, one mile each time.  I wore them on other occasions as well and figured I would go with the most conservative values which to me are still pretty impressive.After all this the soles started to wear, I figured it was time to get a replacement &#34;dog walking shoe&#34; and ordered the same shoe again.  The size, 12W, was dead on and the shoes are as comfortable as before.  They are still light, and have an effective tread without looking clunky."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I must like these shoes, this is my fourth pair, and they're all still in use. I discovered Merrell's hiking shoes maybe 10-12 years ago, and always found them to be well made, durable and comfortable. The jungle mocs continue the tradition, and add the convenience of being a slip-on. This makes them my go-to shoes for a run out to the mailbox, for any activity that involves walking, yard work (the oldest pair), etc. They are also good looking enough for business casual wear at the office, going well with khakis or jeans on casual Friday."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ten years ago, my husband bought a pair of these Merrell shoes locally.  They were the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn.  Now (10 years later), after wearing these shoes on a daily basis, they have finally bit the dust.  We bought the same version from Amazon to replace his old Jungle Slip-on's, and the new ones are just as comfortable.  Out of the box, there's no break-in period needed -- he can wear them all day, with nary a blister."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've tired imitation Merrell mocs in the past.  They fit just fine and lasted forever, but the comfort wasn't even close.While an imitation isn't uncomfortable it doesn't have the arch support or contoured sole that the Jungle Mocs have.I normally wear a D-E width shoe and these.  I did buy the D as I though the EE would be too wide.  The D does run narrow. If you are on the wider side I'd suggest going to the EE.  Other than the slightly narrow fit, great shoe."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes shipped fast and fit perfect. I needed work shoes to wear during 12 hour shifts in an ER. These are awesome for that. They support my feet and they do not rub my toes raw. They are also easy to put on and pull off. They are not the best looking shoes though. My wife makes fun of them all the time on me but I don't care. They feel amazing. Perfect shoes for work but I would not wear them out in town or on date night."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This shoe is extremely comfortable, looks good and is convenient.  Slips on and slips off.  No laces to tie or untie.  Really great for traveling and going thru those irritating TSA checkpoints at the airports.  The seller however I can not recommend.  When I orderd my Merrells, the seller had them listed as in stock, yet it took two emails...the second one threatening cancellation to finally get them shipped two weeks later.  BTW...this is my second pair.  The first pair were bought for me at a Merrell Store in Birmingham, Alabama and they are still going strong.  Just wanted another color."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just got these this morning and haven't taken them off yet. I may sleep in them! They fit true to size, easy on/easy off and very comfortable. Even better, I live at a ski resort and the soles on these shoes are incredible on snow and ice. I had the Merrell Shivers, which were warmer, but very slippery on ice.Merrell makes a lot of different soles. The ones I got look like they have octopus suckers on the sides and little square nubs in the center. Very bizarre looking but very sticky. These soles come on the standard Jungle Mocs.Edited 11/30/12: I just got my second pair. What a difference. As great as these shoes are they don't last forever, so treat yourself to a new pair when the soles wear down. They feel awesome again!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "KSwiss Classic Luxury sneakers are one of the most comfortable sneakers there are, especially for being as simple, less bulky as they are.On the inside, they are very cushiony, especially the sole. My husband wanted a simple, comfortable, black sneaker to wear when he does security work now and then &#34;on the side.&#34; He needed something that would be good for standing/walking long 12 hr nights and did not want something too expensive as he only does this a few times a year, for certain events. These sneakers fit the bill perfectly and were our first choice since they fit every aspect we were looking for.They are simple, but look great with anything. I have been wearing them myself for decades, but this was my husband's first pair. He was very happy with them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After laughing the whole way home from the mall after seeing what looked like clown shoes for $150 or more I was glad to find these on Amazon.  Ok, I admit I'm in my mid forties but I'm sorry the multicolored goofball shoes I saw didn't impress me much, they just look ridiculous.  These however have a simple clean look and are some of the best fitting athletic shoes I've ever owned.  I like a snug fit and these fit like a glove.  You might not be the gym peacock but your workout won't suffer."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Easily my favorite sandals I've ever owned. I've had them for almost three years now, and I still wear them and they haven't worn out yet. I would definitely buy them again. The only thing you need to know is that those run a little smaller than usual. My shoes size usually is a 10.5-11 depending on the brand and the 9.5-10.5 fits perfectly. It was a little hard to get used to it in the beginning since it molds to one's feet, but as soon as that happened, it was the most comfortable pair of sandals I've ever owned!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So I lusted after Rainbows for about 7 years before I decided they might be worth the money.-I got a large (I wear 9.5M) and my foot went right to the edge, so I got an extra-large.-The wear in period wasn't so bad, I did get a blister as expected.-My largest problem is that the foot surface area got so smooth that my foot kep sliding in and out of the shoe, and it dried out and rubbed up against my foot. I feel like it was polishing the bottom of my foot.-I feel like they are going to fall off when I walk-I thought there was going to be a bit more arch support.-The bottom is very hard.All in all they are good looking sandals, but I've tried on a friend's REEFs and they were incredibly comfortable. If I could go back in time, I would have gone with the REEFs."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you are looking for the Reeboks that were made in the 80's and 90's, this is not it.  The first pair I ordered in the size I have worn for decades was too short and way too tight thru the toe area.  Ordered a half a size larger and they were still tight thru the toe area and the heel area is too large, but the length was right.  I had to use inserts in the heels and put them in a stretcher to make the toe area comfortable.  Will not be ordering these shoes anymore."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The wife went for an Mt Everest Base Camp trek, from Lukla to EBC and back to Lukla- 11 days. The problem was the weight allowed was only 8KG (about 17 lbs) for the porters carry, therefore even extra pairs of socks were a bad item to haul. She carried 4 pairs of these socks and they did an amazing job of keeping her feet clear of all the sweat and ensured that she suffered no blisters doing about 8-9 hours of walking at that altitude.She wears shoes- Timberlands 7.5M and Reeboks US 9.5- probably due to the differences in widths. These socks fit upto US 9.5 for men perfect, and if you are 10+ then these may not be for you.All in all, she recommends this for any prolonged wear and for closed shoes, unlike track/sports shoes, where ventilation could be in issue. Absolute recommended buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Not my first Carhartt Work shirt, but first Henley with 3 button front. You can find work shirts for less, but this is a much better shirt, strong fabric double stitched - spend a few more $ and get the real deal with a Carhartt.Size; I'm just under 6' tall, 170 lbs 34&#34; waist and sleeve length - athletic build; usually wear a large but a Medium Regular fits me best. I wear a basic cotton T-shirt  under these.If you have a beer belly or chest measures larger than a 42&#34; regular suit a Large will probably be a better fit, also if you are going to wear over thermal shirt or sweater underneath go with the Large.I'm Carhartt brand loyal, I try to buy on sale, Henley was just over $20 so not much discount but Carhartt sells out - here on Amazon and in western wear stores - even if you pay full price you won't regret it.  If the shirt fits buy it in every color!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, I am 6'2 210 lbs and when I bought my last shirt like this a decade ago I purchased it at a local army / navy surplus store.  It has lasted great and is getting thread bare :). I read the reviews before buying this one, I normally get XL in every shirt I buy but went with the Large after reading the reviews.  I also will buy Longs when available but also opted out of that decision.  This shirt fits perfect in the shoulders, the sleeves are plently long and so is the length.  If it helps or matters mine was made in Honduras, I would have given this product a 5 star rating but is does not seem to be made with the same weighted material as my original that was made in the USA so long ago.  Hope this helps ya all......"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's been a long, cold winter here in the Northeast and I needed to add a couple of more thermal undershipts to my wardrobe.There are more expensive brands than Carhart and maybe they are more \"fashionable\". However, when it comes to keeping me warm and lasting for years, I've never found a better brand.If I do have one minor complaint it's that the sleeves are too long. Granted, I'm only 5'8\", but the sleeves are long enough for guys playing in the NBA."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Have purchased Carhartt for years and recently have noticed the fit and the crew ribbing at neck have not been uniform. Different locations where made all have different issues. Purchase in question, color spinach is stamped &#34;original fit&#34;. No others have this and this fits the most different. Am comparing this to what I considered original fit when the product had tags. These are sized uniformly and the ribbed neck have held their shape after many washings. I've purchased the 6.75 oz. only when stated, when no mention of weight assume their not. Am not a happy camper."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If your guy is tough on clothes... You know, he has one token clean shirt on a marginally clean pair of jean without caulk, grease, etc all over them for &#34;date nite&#34; then these shirts are for those guys.Fit great! Look great when they are clean. Can withstand lots of abuse. Last time I bought a cathartic shirt for hubby was a good 5 years ago. He has about 6-8 tees that all look something that are not even fit for the rag bag, that he wears regularly. Those shirts are thread bare with various rips. The carhart still has good material density after 5 years but the neck and shirt tail are definitely worn. It seems stains come out a little easier too... That's not right, the stains don't set as fast on a carhart tee as they do like on a hanes. Don't know if it the tighter fabric weave or special finish.We love them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been buying Carhartt work wear for my husband for over 20 years. I have always been happy with their quality. These  tees are cut so thin that they were tight on my 6'2&#34; hubby who weighs 160 pounds. I bought the Medium because that is the size he always wears in Carhartt. Unfortunately, I was expecting the same quality as other products that I have purchased from them. I washed them before he wore them so I ended up throwing them out! I will be looking for another work clothes manufacturer. The muscle tees are also cut too thin."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this jacket to replace the exact same 4 year old jacket that is starting to show signs of wear on the sleeves and cuffs. This jacket is not exactly the same as the original. They cheapened it up quite a bit. The lining is not of the same quality. The quilting is thinner and the elastic in the cuffs is not as elastic. This jacket is compared to a 4 year old jacket that has been worn three seasons for four years.This jacket appears to be typical of much you buy today. It's made with cheaper material, by an off shore manufacturer for pennies on the dollar.If I had bought this in a 'brick and mortar' store and had other jackets to compare it to, I may have passed it up for a higher quality piece.Still an okay jacket, but not the same."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Levi 501 jeans for years but were always annoyed by the waist height aspect of the fit, and weakness in certain seams. Ditto on most brands of khakis, the office rat's jeans.  After purchasing a couple pairs of Carhartt's excellent khakis, I decided to try their jeans.  I have never before had a better fit in a pair of jeans,or a more correct sizing of the waist and inseam.  They are so comfortable my wife has to steal them away to wash them, so I got more of them. I have several Carhartt products and I can assure you they are made for maximum durabilty, value and comfort for the working man.  The relaxed fit version is especially comfortable on horseback because it allows your legs to move without pulling down the waist.  Best ever jeans!!And the best source I found for price and prompt delivery was Amazon.  If they say they have it, you get it quick and well packed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These jeans are the best on the market for the money. Compared to wrangler and levi the fit and finish is miles above. I usually rip out belt loops in the first week of owning jeans and these carhartts are holding up better than any before. I love carhartt shirts and now their jeans. Wont buy anything else.Side note, these jeans fit very tight. If you are looking for a wrangler type regular fit, get the relaxed fit carhartt jeans.**EDIT** these jeans fit really oddly. super tight in the hips and butt but loose in the thigh and knees. They taper down really tightly onto boots. Also, I can see through the fabric in the seat of the jeans. They have no ripped but i am keeping an eye on them. Belt loops are holding strong."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These jeans are B17,s.  The description states they fit at the natural waist.  Not so, check Carhartt's web site and B17's are described as fitting slightly below the waist line.  Plus, the waist size runs way small.  I ordered 35\" waist and the waist was more like 32\" or 33\". Had to return.  However, Carhartt B13 does fit at the natural waist.  I am a Carhartt fan.  I wear B151's everyday to school and they work great. Sometimes sizes may run a little inconsistent."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband is extremely picky and hard to please.  He needed new jeans but has been disapointed with the quality of Levi's brand.  I knew Carhartt makes tough work clothes and outerwear that lasts, so I asked him to try these.  I bought 2 pair and awaited delivery.  My husband loves them.  They fit perfectly in the waist and length.  I have washed them since purchase and they have not shrunk or faded.  I plan to buy more when I need to from Carhartt since he is happy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Look well made and durable... but if we are going based off looks these things look cartoon blue. These are a pair of work jeans I keep in my car for site visits at power plants and they are cartoonish how blue the darkstone are. The only thing worse than wearing a pair of dress slacks around a power plant are looking like a mark with these jeans.May just need a few washes to dim these out a little bit. Again, quality looks on point though. I will update if there is a fade to the jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these jeans because I just got tired of the high price of Levis.  These things are so good, that I just donated my used Levis.  These fit nice. look good and seem substantial.  Since my first two pairs, I bought two more, and will soon order another two pairs.  Got to have plenty on hand.  I recommend them if you're a blue jean wearer, and want a better fit, that doesn't seem to shrink as much as some of the competition."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bought a pair of 33x30. I think they fit like 28x30. Like 3&#34; short of snapping.I bought these because I am tired of paying a lot for Levies and never knowing where I am getting a good price or a horrible price. Also, what model, etc.FYI - My wife did not like these. Thought they looked very very boring. Old man pants.Liked:- Quality made or so in my opinion in the 10 min I looked at them and tried them on.Disliked:- About 5 sizes too small. Not sure why. I checked the inside label to be sure.- They are a bit old man looking. More so than I could tell from the online pic."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I actually take an E width in a shoe but decided to try these in the 9.5D.  They are a little tight across the top of foot which was expected as even EE boots are tight there.  I will use a form stretcher at the spot and they will feel fine.  I found these on a closeout at a fantastic price via Wholesale Deals so could not pass them up.  GREAT SHOE at a GREAT PRICE!  On top of this they were received within three days.  &#34;THANKS AGAIN AMAZON&#34; for a great deal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've worn Rockport brand for many years and I've purchased more than a few pair of these very shoes.  However, when I purchased this most recent pair of the World Tour Classic,  the decline in quality workmanship was very noticeable. The shoes are now made in Vietnam and the look of inferior materials is very obvious on this shoe. The logos and Rockport brands are still in the same place, but \"made made materials\" (cheap plastic?) has replaced what used to be leather.  Very disappointing for a $ 100 shoe.  What has happened to what was once a good company?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Have used Rockport's for years.  They use to be top of the line for comfort, yet look dressy enough to wear in the office.  Comfort, quality, and value......but something changed.  I bought a brown and black pair of this model.  They are wearing faster than the older models and are NOT as comfortable.  When you notice that you are wearing shoes that is usually a clue that something is not right.  The old Rockports you could put on and walk in all day and never think about your shoes or your feet.  Not so with this stiffer version.  Sadly looks like when these wear out will have to try to find a more comfortable shoe."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a replacement pair for one that I have been wearing for years! These shoes are comfortable right out of the box - no break-in period. The nubuck finish is a bit suede like, but not as fussy, I like the look and the color. I notice an inconsistency in the inner-sole of one of the shoes. The foot feels a very slight but annoying change in sole thickness just in back of the toes. When I ordered an additional pair in black, that same inconsistency was even more evident in one of the shoes - so I returned that pair. Be aware of the error - you may need to return them as well if the feel is apparent to you.Based on my last pair, I expect these will last beyond my interest period. At some point you just want a new pair of shoes and these things refuse to die! I use them for everyday use for all but dressy occasions."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We bought a pair for an older child who wore out lesser, cheaper brands in a few months. With one brand we had trouble with the rubber sole separating from the rest of the sandal. Sometimes you could fix it with Shoe Goo, sometimes not. I recognized Columbia as a good brand and bought a pair on the large side, since he is still growing. So far we're doing fine. One can tell by inspection it is a much better sandal than sandals selling for half the price. So, though it is more expensive than some other brands at department stores, I think this is a good value in the long run. Comfortable and attractive, too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Haven't had them too long but the quality seems great for the price.  The grip on the bottom is really good, but its a hard material so they seem like they wont wear out fast or hurt your feet when you step on a sharp rock.  The stitching, velcro and straps all seem very good. Most comfortable sandals Ive had yet, the rubber you step on is squishy. They also have a lip in the front which helps protect your toes and keep them planted in the sandal. I ordered a 13 and they seem very true to size. hope they last!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was going whitewater rafting for my bachelor party and wanted sandals I could wear in the river. I also wanted them to last. I turned to Columbia. The sandals are decently comfortable, but take some breaking in. Expect a sore foot the first 3-5 wears.The sizing was accurate and I did not feel that they were too big or too small.The only problem I had (well two...) was that they did not stay on very well in the river. The front strap kept being pulled over my toes so my foot was resting on top of the front strap. This was rather inconvenient while trying to prevent yourself from drowning in raging rapids. The second is my wife hates them and thinks they make me look like a computer nerd - if only I wore socks with them.The water had no ill-effects on the material."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I coach my son's little league team and decided to get my own equipment and bag. I bought this hoping it would have room for 5 batting helmets, catchers gear, balls and bats but for the price I wasn't expecting it to last more than the season.What I received is a monster of a bag. The quality is quite good and I see this bag lasting a very long time. It's actually far bigger than I need it to be. I would estimate that it holds around 8 to 10 loads of laundry. It's just enormous.I would definitely recommend it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband loved these when he first put them on and continued to love them - except that after they were washed, they turned a funny color. They are no longer brown. Instead they look like they were washed with something that bled into the brown threads and I guess it was the dark fleece lining that did it...because the pants were washed alone. They are still wearable. They just look a little odd now. But for around the house and yard, walking dogs, hunting - they'll be fine."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Problem is I put it on the ground and it moves when you put your shoe through it.  It has screws to mount it but I can not use that application. I need it for anyone who passes through my gate at the backyard and it seems a bit narrow for the shoes we use. It is truly a \"Boot Brush\" with the high sides which would be fine for a work boot or sneaker but I would do better with a straight across brush since we use flip flops and sandles much of the time and the sides are too high for those type of shoes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is an excellent shoe scraper.  However, to work effectively, it needs a base, which is not easy to attach.  Apparently you can remove the bottom brushes and use the drill holes, which I did not figure out.  I screwed a piece of scrap board into the bottom brushes from below (through the drill holes), which works fine, but requires fairly exact measurement.  The board extends @ 9 inches to each side of the brush.  I stand on the board with my off foot so that it is firmly anchored when I brush each shoe.The fit is very tight, which is necessary for the brush to remove debris thoroughly.  I suspect that reviewers who complain of the tight fit for large shoes have not attached an anchoring board.The product would be improved by the inclusion of instructions for attaching an anchor board.Because I have a small back porch, I have to keep the apparatus a few feet away on a paved surface."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am thrilled with the quality of these earrings and so glad that with 14k gold, they are still quite affordable.The stones are excellently matched in color and just the perfect shade of brown that goes with anything.  They stand out on the lobe and I was worried they'd be really small, but they are not.  In spite of the decent size of the stones, these are really lightweight and you can't tell you're wearing them, at all.I think these would make an excellent gift and I'm considering buying an additional pair, just for that purpose!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like wearing these earrings - they are simple and classic in design and since I require gold posts (get knots in my ears with other types of metal posts), the challenge is being able to afford multiple pairs and colors.  For $33, I am quite satisfied with these even though the stones are not as bright and darkly colored as the picture indicates (hence four stars for this truth in advertising issue).  The posts are sturdy and backs fit securely.  Peridote stones are translucent and free of visible inclusions.  The color goes nicely with my spring wardrobe.  Appropriate for all ages.  I'd highly recommend them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm very pleased with this purchase, especially having bought them during an Amazon sale.  The blue is clear and bright, the setting is secure, and they fit well on the ears.  The post is a little higher than center so I often find myself turning them to be sure they are falling correctly, but it really doesn't make a difference.  The white gold really complements the blue and I much prefer these set in white rather than yellow gold because of the very cool color of the stones.  For those who have light colored eyes, these are especially complementary.  I have received numerous compliments when wearing these and I wear these very, very often, sometimes not removing them for weeks at a time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These duragold 14K yellow gold half-round hoop earrings are the best on Amazon! These are made high quality in nature and are made to last. These have a great clasp that won't ever let you down. These will not fall off-they are made well. These look classy, stylish and are a must-have for all. They do look bigger in the picture than they really are though but I didn't want them too big. They are by no means small just not as shown-so please keep that in mind when purchasing them. I absolutely love these earrings and will have them forever. A definite recommend to others on this one!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are tiny, tiny earrings.  Yes, the photo shows the measurements, but it is so extremely magnified that you don't realize they are half-an-inch EACH...and that's not big at all.  The photo must be at least 5x larger than actuality.  Other than that, they're pretty, but way too small.  I was buying these for my grandmother, but had to rush to get her something else once I received these.  I will definitely be more careful when buying jewelry online!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Of all the earrings I received for Christmas these were my favorite. Maybe because I bought them for myself. Nice, simple and smallish gold hoops. They are not as big as you would expect judging by the picture shown. After doing a little research on duragold (because really, what is it?) it appears to have a slightly lower percentage of gold in it and reportedly the strongest gold alloy ever. Whatever that is. Still, I love these except the post is a little long and gets caught on my clothes. I'd buy them again and I would buy them as a gift."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these hoops! They are so comfortable to wear and are a nice size if you want a hoop but don't want the dangers of catching them on anything.They were a bit smaller than I thought they would be, but once I put them on, I was hooked. I have short hair so they are visible regardless. If you have longer hair, these earring might be hidden.I'm glad I stumbled upon these - quite by accident. They are a replacement pair for ones my husband bought me that were almost 2\" across and made me look like DUMBO.The earrings are packaged nicely too. They come in a nice pouch with a authenticity tag.I highly recommend these earrings. Buy with confidence."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The small size of these beautiful gold hoops makes them one of the most versatile earrings I own: they can be simple (for work), casual (with jeans and a sweater), or elegant (with a dress, if I want to keep the look low-key, or if I'm wearing a \"statement\" necklace requiring other jewelry to be minimal.)My one problem,resulting in the loss of one star, is that one of the clasps is so tight that it's difficult open and close the earring.  In hindsight, I should have returned them for another pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my mother in law as a gift. She loves them (I think she's just being polite) because my wife told me that she prefers gold hoops that are a little larger and thicker. Oh, well. She has already lost a few pairs of gold hoops and I'm sure these will suffer the same fate. Anyways, these would be better suited for someone who likes wearing small earrings. The picture of the dummy wearing the earrings doesn't give you an accurate idea of the size. Definitely pull out a ruler and measure it for yourself if you're unsure about the size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "When I received these, they looked like good quality and the latch looked secure. I wore them to work (I have a desk job) and lost one the first day. Fortunately for me, the cleaning lady helped me look for it and managed to find it on the floor in the office. Now I'm scared to wear them again. I have another pair of sterling silver hoops that have this same type of latch. I've worn them for years, and they've never fallen out of my ears. I can't help but be disappointment with a pair of earrings when one falls out of my ear on the first day, especially when I did not do anything to cause it to fall out."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a 1\" gold hoop and found it with these earrings. The gold is shiny and beautiful. The clasp is solid and stays together. It is hard to find this size hoop. These are replacing a very large pair my husband bought me for Christmas. (They were so huge that I looked like DUMBO!)These are perfect to wear for dress-up or casual. I wear lot of turtlenecks so was looking for a pair that would not get caught all the time in them. This is the perfect size.I also have very short hair - so these earrings complement my hair style without overpowering me.They are also very comfortable - so much so that I sometimes forget I have earrings on.Buy with confidence. These earrings will delight anyone looking for a decent quality and reasonably sized gold hoop."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "UPDATE  I've owned these earrings for 7 years.  I wear them often and they look as good as the day they arrived from Amazon in 2007.  Perfect 14K yellow gold color, not brassy-looking at all like some gold is, they are the perfect size - 1\" in diameter.  Well made, yet light in gram weight, the post snaps shut with a nice click and doesn't feel like they will easily come unsnapped.  The hinge seems to be high-quality and strong too.  They are the perfect earring for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The reviews on these earrings were so mixed that I wasn't sure I was going to be happy when I received them. I'm pleased to say I was not unpleasantly surprised.They are flimsy, they're very light, they don't seem overly trustworthy, but they're very pretty AND under $150. If you're looking for solid heavy gold hoops that will last a lifetime, you need to visit your jeweler and be prepared to invest. If you want a delicate pair of chic hoops that will fill a hole in your jewelry box for less than the cost of a nice dinner out, these are for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've purchased the 3mm, 4mm, 5mm sizes in the past. I was happy with all, but not with this new pair of 5mm size. These are from a different manufacturer/supplier, Leach and Garner. While they look good, the posts are very slippery and the backs don't stay on tight, slipping off very, very easily. I have thin to average ear lobes, but found I couldn't wear these without them falling off (potentially, getting lost). Otherwise, they would have been fine. I returned them and would not buy this pair again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these on a gold box whim.  They are larger than I expected, and the rose color is not really discernible.  They look yellow gold to me.Yes, I'll probably keep them and no, I wouldn't recommend them to others.  They are much too large for second ear piercings.  They aren't the style I usually wear.  So far, the backs have securely held them in each ear and the posts are reasonable diameter.  They appear to be adequately made, but don't really look like high quality earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These earrings are really pretty.  They look exactly like the picture on Amazon.  I got these on a Lightning Deal for $40, which I thought was a good price for gold earrings.  Unlike some reviewers, I like the 8mm size.  It is big enough to be seen clearly, without being too big to overpower the look.  I bought these earrings to match/coordinate with the Duragold 14k yellow gold beaded ball necklace.  They match perfectly.  So glad I got these.  If you are looking for a simple and classic look, then I would definitely recommend these earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Received these as a gift and while as a general rule I enjoy wearing ball earrings I will NOT be wearing these. They are going to be returned ASAP. They really are awful, feel much more like plastic than gold and are sure to fall apart or dent on the first wearing.There are other pairs of 14k gold ball earrings in my jewelry box and even the ones that are much smaller weigh more than these.If your intention is simply to just own something made of 14k gold then I suppose these would serve that purpose but if you want a pretty and serviceable pair of earrings, pass these by."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was a pity gift to myself because it was my anniversary, and I've just had nose surgery.  Like other reviewers, I was also surprised at the quality of these earrings.  I try to look for bargains on Amazon to make my shopping dollars go as far as possible, and these seemed to be a good deal at $24.99 when regular price was $75.  Just since March 16, though, both retail and selling prices have changed on Amazon to be $34.99 and $70.  It's very true that the posts are a little thicker than normal, but not onerously so; the result is that the hoop is not going to slide around on your ear, and the post clicks securely into the catch on the other side.  The earrings are larger than I expected for the price, which is good, but they are not too big.  Nickel size is about right, and they feel as if they have some weight to them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Here is a great gift idea and a great value as well. For the price of just under $200, these are 14k yellow and white gold pieces that are stunning in style with a mirror-like finish that is a real eye-catcher. They are of a fair size  and look heavier than they are. They are well made and nicely presented in a gift box and a velvet pouch. They are stylish enough to be featured in a 5th Avenue window where they would probably sell for 2 - 3 times the price of admission here. Running out of time for your sweethearts holiday gift? Just pay a few more bucks for next day delivery and you are all set! I just don't see how you can go wrong with this fine set of earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I lost my beloved Danskin Women's Mosai-Ix Crop Pants somewhere, and since they've been discontinued I decided to try another Danskin style.I bought these leggings in my usual size medium, and found them to be way too tight.  The material was thin and shiny, and they gave me an unflattering look in the crotch.  I expected them to be fitted, but not like pantyhose.  Maybe a large would fit better, but I wasn't all that happy with the material either.  I'm going to return them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like the shoes, a lot.  The only issue I have is the top, instep is very snug.  It is making my foot sore.  I think it will loosen up a little, so for now I am only wearing the shoes part time.  I needed these to wear in the house, for some support while I am doing my normal house chores, so I just take them off for a bit, then go back to them later.  I hope they loosen up, I really like New Balance shoes, have been purchasing this brand for years."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I started wearing this type New Balance slide-on about 10 years ago during a bout of plantar fasciitis.  I was advised to a) wear only New Balance shoes and b) don't take even a single step barefoot.  For months I wore New Balance running shoes to work and I used these slip-ons as bedroom slippers.  Well, eventually my feet felt better and I could wear normal shoes to the office, but I have continued to wear these shoes as my slippers and house shoes and go-get-the-newspaper shoes.  Sometimes I also run errands in them.  They are versatile, comfortable, and supportive.  Because of the little lip at the heel your foot is held in the shoe so they don't slide off like a lot of clogs.  I love these shoes and wouldn't be without a pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these based on the wonderful reviews, I have a black pair from Sketchers that I loved that I figured would be similar..not really.  These just putting them on, HURT, I had to jam my feet in them (due to that non moving elastic (?) piece on the top where the laces would be) to get them in.  I can't really walk comfortable but am hoping that maybe they need time to stretch?  I don't have wide feet and never needed any special type of shoe but these were really tight across the top!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am an adult woman who chose this watch to wear.  It has several features that I wanted.  The elastic band is far more comfortable than a metal expansion band and is the most comfortable type of band I've ever worn.  The watch is light weight, has numbers big enough for me to read without my putting on my glasses, and the dial lights up with a push of the button.  The only thing I don't like is that the second hands are lizards and do not allow from exact tracking.  They seem to be mainly for cuteness."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "when I first bought it I was afraid he wouldn't like it, since it wasn't Iron man, or anything of that sort. But he was so excited that he made me write down the table chart for multiples of fives for the living room so he can reference it and find the time. The watch also is glow in the dark! which i didn't know. and its waterproof....he still hasn't taken it off. He said &#34;my daddy has a watch, and now I have a watch. Mine is better though because I have lizards.&#34;"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this for my 2 year old niece who always wants to wear our watches.  It's a very cute watch, the lizards move across the face like a second hand.  The band is elastic, so once it's fitted for a small wrist you can just pull it off without re-sizing.  Another pro, Timex kids watches come with a ''warranty'' that if the child loses the watch within 12 months of the purchase date, you can buy another for $10."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this for my two-year-old.  He can't tell time, obviously, but he loves watches and wanted to wear one like Daddy.  It is so so cute.  The strap is completely adjustable, so I can pull it down to fit his tiny little wrist.  He will still be able to wear it when he is much older.  There isn't a second-hand; instead, two lizards go around the dial.  It is just precious and very sturdy too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My daughter's wanted watches and we wanted them to be able to tell time on an analog clock....something that most teens and many adults we know do not know how to do. We love these and so do our girls!! I bought one for both my daughters for Christmas (age 6 and 9). Both can tell time with it like champs and I only had to explain how it worked once! The bands are comfortable and fully adjustable so they fit even my youngest securely! It is also soft enough that it doesn't bother my youngest daughter's eczema that is always an issue at her wrists :) My girls are excited still (5 months later) every time they get to tell somebody what time it is :) Everyone is very happy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First, these jeans are quite comfortable. But.... I didn't read the description closely enough. When I hurriedly put them on preparing to leave the house for an appointment I was taken aback to discover that they had a button fly. I just went with them figuring that since I wore this type when I was a kid (before zippers were firmly established), I can deal with it. We'll see how that plays out. I do prefer ordering online since it is a 60 mile trek to go to the &#34;big city&#34; but sometimes being able to look closely before purchasing can be a good thing. Oh well......."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The quality of Levis jeans seems to be a decline, an endless abyss. The back label, which supposedly should be leather, cardboard seems now. The jeans manufactured in Mexico and Egypt are the worst labels or at least, in my experience, has been. I think there should be more oversight by Levis in its factories around the world. Previously, a Levis jeans was a piece \"almost perfect\", today I can not say the same. I totally agree with all the people who are disappointed with diminishing quality of these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Well, these are definitely better than the 505's I bought a few months ago, but they're still not the Levi's jeans of a few years ago.  Compared to the 505's, these actually sit at the waist and are sized correctly.  The 501's also use a heavier denim than the 505's, 550's, etc.  The button fly was not my first choice, but this way I don't have to deal with the cheap zipper used in the current 505's.  Did I mention that Levi's are not the same quality product they were just a few short years ago?  The biggest difference between these 501's and the legacy 501's (and all other styles of Levi's jeans) is the missing belt loops.  There used to be 2 additional loops in the back, between the center loop and the 2 side loops.  Somehow they just don't feel right without those other 2 loops."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these on the grounds that I needed a taller size. I loved the color, but they came up only midway up my buttcrack. When I did the 'crouch down' test they revealed much, much more. The legs and fit indicated they were not original fitting as the leg stayed the same width all the way down the leg. All in all, what I ordered was completely different from what I thought I was ordering. If you're a tall guy like me, don't get them.Other than that, I'm giving them two stars rather than one for nice quality and color."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Don't be as stupid as the Levi Corporation.  Although Levi jeans manufactured in the 1950's sell for thousands of dollars in New York, the company has relentlessly degraded the product for 40 years now, trading on their name alone.  They are actually so stupid as to try to compete with the slaves in a Chinese concentration camp by accepting products manufactured in Africa and South America.  The original rivets are gone, their \"denim\" fabric is the worst quality; all seams fray, especially cuffs; belt loops fall apart; and the only appearance achieved is shabby tissue.  These fools do not have the intelligence to realize that people would pay hundreds of dollars for jeans produced on the design, material, and workmanship of the 1940's. Stop living in the past."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Of course it's nice when things change for the better and just as sweet when the small close to perfect things in life remain unchanged by time. This is the case with these Levi's 501 jeans.For decades my favorite jeans of all time. Countless designers and brands have tried to tap into the 501's iconic popularity but at the end of the day have always failed to do so.These are exactly how I remember them:* Heavy Denim* Re-enforced flawless stitching on all pockets, hems, waist line and inner leg.* Solid brass rivets on pockets* The classic brass rivet button flyOrdered in white these arrived quickly, wrapped in plastic with tags of authenticity. The fit and feel is marvelous and the price is sensational. Macy's and other stores sell 501's for twice this amount. The slim fit isn't constrictive nor are they pre-washed so expect a few washings before they feel like a second skin.Highest Recommendation!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like the color, but here again the inseam is about 2 inches too long (they are inconsistent). Here is the review i wrote for Lee:I am going to buy more Lee now than Levi's. I had never bought Lees until this holiday season. I now have several pairs and they are consistent (so far) in length and quality. i am 6 ft 3 and usually buy 34 x 34. With Levi's sometimes the inseam is slightly too short and other times it is almost 2 inches too long. I have many pairs of Levi's now that i must get hemmed. Plus their quality varies - maybe depending on where they are made. Some pairs seem more like Spandex than Denim. Nevertheless, sometimes i like the colors that Levi's offer so in the future i may buy them again. But mostly now Lees."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love 501 jeans, they fit just right in all the right places and I prefer button fly to zipper.  Note that the polished black is a bit different than the usual black jean (there is a plain black 501 as well).  The polished finish produces a shiny, more finished jean look which means that wrinkles are sharper and more noticeable -- the fabric is stiffer than the plain black jean.  If that happens, the tried and true technique of spraying the jeans lightly with water, wearing them or giving them a quick press will help.The stiffness of the fabric is part of the clean and neat appearance but unlike other 501s this also seems to reduce the &#34;give&#34; in the fabric and makes the fit tighter and slightly uncomfortable at first -- hoping this will work itself out after a few washes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I needed an inexpensive watch to wear when in business attire and I normally have terrible issues with watches because my wrists are so small. However, this watch is absolutely wonderful. The band has an adjusting clasp that moves smoothly down the band.  There are little grooves for the clasp to grasp (didn't mean to rhyme) so it doesn't slide if too much pressure is put on it. The actual clasps are intertwined so double the protect. You do not need to worry about catching it on something and the watch falling off without noticing.  In general, the design is simple but elegant. THe black face with the small white cystals make it very sytlish. I'm extremely please with this product."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very nice watch. I get complements on it all the time. I paid about ~69 with prime shipping and am very pleased.(Fulfilled by Amazon at the time.)The band is smooth, no hair pulling. Very sturdy. Titanium is a wonder metal. If you break this watch your arm is probably gone too. I'm pretty rough on watches and this one is holding up well.The band system is the best. Fully adjustable across the whole length and any excess stays put hidden beneath the other half and is not noticed by look or feel. Very secure latch that took me a bit to get used to but was mainly caused by tight tolerance in manufacture. Looser now from use and perfect.Slim sharp and tough. Very nice watch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch itself is great. It's very nice looking, the band is very cool and the whole thing is super light and thin. There are only two issues I have with it: First, the clasp is not very easy to use. Second, the hands don't glow in the dark.There is also no second hand, which makes it kind of hard to tell if it's working, but I don't really mind not having one.All in all, I would recommend this watch for someone that needs a basic but classy watch that doesn't get in the way of clothing or gloves."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch is very attractive.  I do like the fact that it is so thin.  However, after receiving it I have found that I prefere a solid blue face as compared to this more modern style of the blue appearing differently depending on how the light happens to be hitting it.  This is personal taste, I just found that for me I don't particularly care for it.  It is a very beautiful watch and extremely light on the wrist, so even though I found I don't personally care for the style after receiving it I still gave it five stars.  I will be giving it to a friend for a holiday gift."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch is really stylish. I wear it for casual-dressy ocassions and get compliments on it often.At the beginning I could not adjust the band (one size fits many) to fit my wrist and have it lock into place properly. Therefore I could not close the clasp when I put it on my wrist. I took it to a local jeweler to adjust properly (only charged $5). If you have difficulty also don't force it. Take it to a jeweler - you'll be happy you did.And then, the clasp mechanism itself is a bit complex - putting the watch on and taking it off is a bit tricky - it takes patience and some getting used to. After wearing it a dozen times I haven't quite mastered it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have had a Skagen 800 series watch that I liked very much. The only way to replace the band when the black starts to turn silver is to send it back to Skagen in Texas for replacement. That costs $32 and includes anything else you want done, like changing the battery. I really love the watch and felt is was worth it. However, I felt so naked without it, and they said it takes 2-3 weeks to return, that I bought another one.The diameter of this watch is smaller, it is very thin and perfect for slender wrists like mine. I love the band. You adjust it once and it stays that size forever, looks great and doesn't absorb perspiration like leather. The color is rich and reflective and goes with everything. If you like a thin watch, rather than the big bulky ones that are so popular now, this is for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this watch for about a month and a half as of 9/4/06 and it has kept accurate time, I compare it to my Casio Waveceptor watch (MTG920DA-1) which calibrates itself every day.The dial is a beautiful blue color, which catches the light nicely. The easily adjusted band is comfortable, and the entire watch and band are so thin and light on my wrist.While I don't wear it every day, it has shown no signs of wear and has a good quality feel to it, though thin and light (once again).This watch will look elegant on any wrist, it's simple: no date or sweep second hand, but eye-catching."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The Skagen 233LTTN men's watch is good-looking and so thin that you barely notice it under a dress shirt cuff.  The band is easy to adjust and of course it keeps great time.  I bought one of the &#34;in&#34; big, clunky watches and had to give it up because it was just too uncomfortable to wear under a shirt and suit jacket.  The Skagen is a dream - as comfortable as the old Universal-Geneve I used to own and just as handsome.  This is a great watch!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pros:  It's gorgeous.  Silver face and silver mesh band goes with anything.  Looks much more expensive than it is.  Beautiful, sparkly round diamond-like chips for the numbers.  Lays flat against the wrist - not bulky and very comfortable.  Easily adjustable band.  Keeps good time.Cons:  No deal-breakers here, just things you might want to know ~ Not waterproof so you can't wear it in the shower. I have long hair and every once in a while it will catch in the mesh band. And no date display, if that's important to you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This watch is more beautiful than the picture gives credit.  It is sleek and simple.  I love the mesh band, it is lightweigh and elegant looking.  The crystals on the watch face help me tell time in the dark.  The band was a little hard for me to figure out, but once I read the manual (duh!!!)it was simple to adjust the band and clasp the band. It does not say waterproof on the watch itself, but the description says it is in the manual and I have accidently worn it in the shower without a problem.  I would purchase this watch again, absolutely."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Just received the watch recently and it's just gorgeous. Really very beautiful. I do wish it had a second hand but I knew it didn't when I bought it. Another reviewer mentioned that the closed clasp when you wear it doesn't form a circle around your wrist. It's true, it's kind of square-ish where the clasp is and at first it bothered me but it doesn't anymore. I can't see it unless I turn my wrist over and it doesn't feel weird or anything. Just a minor thing anyway. The watch is not too small, not too big and is thin and sleek. I get compliments on it. I love it!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this watch about 3 weeks ago at a major chain membership store (for about forty bucks under retail).  I LOVE it.  The watch is very thin and does not get caught on sleeves or other clothing.  I have received about ten compliments on it in the short time I have owned it.  The face of the watch is a \"brushed stainless\" look and the band is both brushed and polished steel.  The dial markers are tiny tiny crystals (but do not look tacky in the slightest).  This is a very simple design for people who like the basics.  The watch has a very nice quality and I think will hold up for a long time.  The only thing I wish it had was a date indicator-but overall, this watch is a beautiful piece."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have purchased different brands and sizes of Knee Highs.  My legs are pretty wide at 200 pounds; but these knee highs are supposed to fit someone much bigger and heavy than I.  NOT TRUE.  I had to return them and have given up trying to find a pair of stockings/knee highs that I can wear without being tortured.  I am very short (5') so it's impossible to find regular stockings that won't choke my waist, and the same goes for the knee highs.  I have tried &#34;Q&#34; sizes to no avail, the elastic at the top is always terribly uncomfortable.  If you read this and have any ideas, please contact me? Thanks!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Here's what I wanted and got:Slimming torsoEasy to put onFlatters in every dress I tried on with itAppropriate push up for my boobsI normally wear a 34E but I got tired of the cups covering my entire boob which made them look like C's.  I wanted a slimmimg push up effect but not too much because I am already endowed.  This does it!Cons:There is a tiny bit of boob that drops under the underwire.  Not at all a big deal for me because it's not uncomfortable and it's unnoticeable when Iwear tighter fitting dresses."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Just as beautiful as the photo, and provides great support! I did take the advice of other reviewers, and bought a size down (normally a 34C, and I bought a 32C). It fit great in that sense. However, I am a bit on the petite side (5' 2\") and the bottom of the torsolette kind of juts out--wouldn't look good under my wedding gown. I am returning it, but do recommend it if you have a slightly longer torso. I wish they made a petite size!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love, love, love this cosmetic bag! I can't say enough positive things about this bag. It works perfect for my needs. I have always found it frustrating digging through bags trying to find the bottle I need. This solves that problem being able to where everything is at a glance. The smaller pockets at the top fit things like band-aids, chap stick, and nail clippers while the middle sized ones are the perfect size for travel sized sample bottles. The larger pockets at the bottom are perfect for several larger 12 oz bottles such as sunblock and hairspray. The bag then folds in half to lay flat fitting perfect in a carry on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The item is not as pictured.  I just looked at the picture again.  The bottom plastic case are big enough to hold powder in the picture.  It is only big enough to hold small items.Also it has a horrible smell something like burning plastic.  I have aired it out while waiting for the seller to respond to me and it is still as bad.  Another review mentioned it.I found the seller's responses insulting.  I would never buy them from them again.All in All I find 99% of my purchases from Amazon are great.  I am a dedicated Amazon buyer and if I was Amazon I would removethis seller as they bring down the quality of Amazon's image."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My bad! I thought that I had ordered women's shoes. When I went back to review the ad after having received men's, I actually couldn't find anything in the ad bold enough to say &#34;men's&#34; or &#34;women's&#34;, but what should have caught my attention was the shoe sizing. I purchased 8.5, but didn't realize it was expressed in men's sizing. Sometimes European shoe sizes are expressed weirdly, so I just attributed the sizing description to that, although I knew full well that Sperry's are American. Anyway, my bad.Sperry shoes are great! Just make sure you order shoes that suit your gender."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Beautiful mens shoe.  I ordered these for my husband as an everyday I love you gift and they went over very well!  He loves them and has pretty much worn them daily since.  They are a beautiful rich brown color that go great with everything.  He says they are comfortable and likes the style.  I like the three hole lace for him better that the other styles that only have two because he wears a size 11 it really helps break up the long look of the shoe.  Some of them just look silly in the front and make a mens foot look like a long bill.  These are much younger looking than the original style, but are still classy!  Great purchase and I know he will have them for a very long time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are neat looking suspenders.  I bought them for my husband, and he had not worn them very much.  Today, the snaps came apart, and they are no good any more.  Hope you have better luck with yours.  First pair of suspenders I've ever seen do that.Update:  I wrote the above because I was unhappy when they broke.  However, they replaced them immediately and the new pair seem to be fine.  I love the design!!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These fit well; are comfortable and look great. My husband is wearing them around the house for major projects! Not the exact intent for a pair of sandals. He just built a fenced in chain link fence in the back yard wearing these! He is also doing concrete work with these on! Silly, I know but that is him: he grabs whatever pair of shoes and cares not what they are when he is working So they have dust and dirt on them but the soles are so heavy duty that he is wearing them for these tasks! Got a great deal on them. I am sure they will clean up well. He is very hard on shoes; apparently you can use these for remodeling projects they are so heavy duty! Would buy him these again!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I do a lot of field work across the world and have heard nothing but good things about these sandles - however for me, I can't even wear them. After 1 month, they just stank. Now, I don't have particularly smelly feet. And can't smell any other shoes, but these are bad. Others people with the same shoes tell me that as well (although they still like them). And I found them fairly uncomfortable. I remember that Teva's sandles, when they first came out, also smelled, and then they made them different. Oh, well."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are the original high quality Keen Sandals. Heavy gauge sole, strong construction, compressible foot bed for comfort. After being to the store yesterday where they have a display of new Keen sandals I was appalled at how poorly constructed the new version is...the plastic is akin to the stuff they use on flip flops, the upper construction enters the shoe a full 1/4 from the edge, overall a cheap shadow of these shoes. Hopefully Keen will not go the way of so many other shoe companies and cheapen their shoes to the point of undesirability. You may want to consider an extra pair if you hope to find them again in the future."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had dozens of these. They are great for hiking (as the name implies), but I also wear them for X-C skiing, walking the dogs, and around the house. They are very comfortable and decently warm. If it's a harsh winter, I'll throw on a polypropelyne sock liner underneath. I find that after about a year, they start to wear a bit and the fabric starts to get weaker, which can lead to holes.This led me to experiment with Darn Tough socks, which have a lifetime guarantee. I came to the conclusion that Darn Tough makes better low cut athletic socks (similar to the Smartwool Phd running/cycling socks), but that Smartwool still wins in the crew length/hiking sock category. They're just the best out there as far as comfort is concerned."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These Smartwool trekking socks are great for everyday winter wear in the cold weather.  I wear them around the house and they keep my feet warm and if I need to throw on some boots and take my dog for a walk or run out, they keep my feet warm in the outdoor weather.  They are cushioned but not so much that you can't wear them with regular sneakers.  Smartwool socks are the best I have found for winter socks to keep my feet warm.  My only recommendation is to make sure you get the right sized socks because if they are too tight, even a little too tight, it will reduce circulation which creates cold feet.  I would recommend these to anyone looking for a warm winter sock."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have very poor circulation in my feet, so they are cold all the time (really bad in the winter). I got some of these to wear around the house to keep my toes from going numb. They are really comfy, and they keep my feet warm :)I also use them when I hunt, and they work great. They don't make my feet feel wet if I sweat in them, and they are comfy all day.They are holding up really well too, I have had them over a year (3 pairs), and they still look/feel like new socks"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After searching around and doing a little research, I found out when Camp Dry changed the packaging they made the new fabric protector with a Blue top.  This is the same formula as my favorite of all time the RED Top...It is the best (I have tried them all) waterproofer for anything that is fabric, it is also to my knowledge the only one approved for re waterproofing your Gore Tex jackets.Almost all waterproof fabrics will lose the coating through washing and getting wet, so you can do two things with this product:Waterproof something that is not very waterproof  (Flannel shirt, cotton, fleece hat, cotton gloves,)OR add more Waterproof to something (Jacket, Tent, Unbrella, Shoes,)The OLD BLACK top cans are now Green they are best for Boots and heavier stuff like canvasKiwi Camp Dry, Heavy Duty Water Repellent, 12ozI hope you find this helpful, comment with any questions..."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you want something to keep you warm that's not going to show bulk under your tightest sweater, this is what you want.  In fact it's so sheer, I can't even find mine.  I think it's hiding somewhere in the inner reaches of my washing machine or maybe clinging to one of my bed sheets.  Other than that, it's fine;  easy to wash and it dries (not in the dryer) in a very short time.  Now if I could just find it...."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this undershirt. I bought one (along with the leggins) last winter to wear under my XC ski clothing. Next I took it on a 5wk walk across Spain this spring. Although I didn't need to wear it much on the walk I lent it to several of my friends who were walking with me and who needed a little extra warmth! My sister was one and I promised her one for her birthday! I found it quite roomy and could have probably bought a medium for myself....hence I bought the medium for my sister. It can be squished into a ziplock bag taking no space in your pack. It is warm and washes and dries quickly overnight. All in all a very useful item for travelling!Jenn, BC"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these Thermasilks as they can be worn under clothing without being caught up and they are so surprisingly warm.I would like more colours though. An ocean turquoise, a soft coral, a baby pink and powder blue.From crutch to waist they could for my height be another 2 inches higher, I am tall and all legs with a high waist, 5'10&#34;.I love these silks are long in the legs.The tops could be longer in the arms, another 1'5&#34;. minimum. My arms are very long.The silk does though tend to get caught on rough fingers and jewellery easily so take note. I will be buying them again.I will let you know the life span once I am nearly there. Could be a while.Thank you Thermasilk!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This product has made me very happy, although at first impressions, it looks too thin and sheer to be true. I replaced all my merino long johns with this as I developed an allergy from wearing too much merino too frequently, and now I can't touch them at all. Anyway, this brand is great, and I have also bought the equivalent tops as my base layer as well, they are warm and really light. My husband has heaps of these too and he really likes the range (long johns, long sleeve and short sleeve silk base layers). As the fabric is delicate, a little care during washing would be good. Otherwise, it washes well and dries very quickly unlike wool products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I almost returned these shoes, they're very light weight, almost too lightweight. It is only The hemp, no lining, no anything. The soles dont provide very good traction on wet/smooth surfaces. They 10 was a little big.BUTThey are very comfortable and look super cute with jeans. For running around on a nice day or walking around the city, they're pretty good.I don't hate them enough to return them, but don't love them enough to wear them all the time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just recieved my new Timex watch. I have been an avid Timex product customer for many years so my reason to purchase a Timex was an easy one. This particular Timex is from their Easy Reader Collection. I am legally blind and needed a watch I could read without having to strain or use my magnifying glass with. This watch accomplishes this as well as looks very appealing as many more expensive brands. As far as purchasing from Amazon.com you just can not find a company more dedicated to quality and service. I always recieve my purchases ahead of projected dates and after more than 6 or 7 years of doing busines have never had to return anything from them. Great appreciation and high recommendations to Amazon.com."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "even if you are not, buy this watch.  I am a nurse, much like many of the other reviewers.  In fact, I bought it due to their reviews.  It is a fantastic watch.  Easy to read, has an illumination option and a handy date feature.  The only trouble I have is the size of the band (too long).  I will take it to a jeweler to take a few links out, however, the directions for doing this yourself make it looks easy (it's not).  Don't even bother looking for another watch, this one is a steal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, the strap is black but the dial itself is brown. It's very cute! great for simple outfits and it even has the date. The light up mechanism itself, is a button on the side that you pressed. I thought it would be the numbers itself so when I'm groggy in the middle of the night, I can just half-open my one eye, and I will be able to tell the time, but no, I have to push the button. Maybe I'm spoiled by technologies, but it's not hard to just make it glow, right? ah, what do i know."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was ordering a wrist watch for my nephew and somehow, this product popped up.  As it looked similar to the watch that I was about to place in my shopping cart, I placed this one in the shopping cart, and did not pay attention to what I was buying.  When I received it, I contacted Amazon and received an immediate return authorization label.  I sent it back on Monday December 16, 2013 and have received my refund credit already on Tuesday December 17, 2013.  Great product.....just clicked on the wrong one."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great Watch... I am on my 2nd one. My first watch is still working and keeping excellent time on my friends ATV handle bars. lol  I replaced the Band twice and bought a new one simply cause it started to not look so nice. It took the licking and kept on ticking for years with the original battery. Just too banged up to be presentable. So before the 3rd band wore out, and the battery failed... I decided to just buy a new one here. In a nutshell, Great watch... Easy to use... and a great price on Amazon.Mark from CANADA!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I work 3rd shift outside year round so I need a watch that can and will stand up to abuse. For starters the velcro band is very comfortable and sturdy. The watch is so light that you will forget you're wearing it. The display is fairly large and easy to read. Not to mention that the greenish background makes it easy to read even in sunlight.  The only  thing I'm not enjoying anout the watch is the plastic case, but hey if anything happens I won't be upset like I would if it were my Citizen...Anyway buy this watch, you won't regret it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm wearing this watch right now and I can say this is the best watch I have ever owned. It may not be fancy, but it is durable and functional. I've had it for 6 months and as a fishing guide in Yellowstone National Park, it has held up to everything mother nature could possibly throw at it. Snow, rain, sleet, days of hot sun, and up to 100 feet of water. I am also a diver and when it says water resistant to 100 meters, it means it. This is now my go-to diving watch because the buttons are so easy to push, even with bulky gloves on.The band is surprisingly durable and the velcro snaps together like the day I got it.The only negative is that the face scratches pretty easily, but even with the scratches the time and numbers are extremely legible.If this watch ever does give out, I will 100% buy another."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I found this watch for my husband probably 10 yrs. ago.  He is really hard on his watches being a mechanic.  He likes all the feature, backlight, timer, stop watch, alarm.  The band is the best, it has a strap that goes under the watch that helps to keep the pressure off the pins. It's Velcro so easy to remove when needing to quickly.  I only have to purchase new when he either scratches up the face to much or loses it like he did this time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a really good looking ladies watch, plus it has my favorite feature of pushing the stem and having the watch face light up.  This is especially great during a boring movie, play, opera, etc., to tell you how much time you have left before you can get out.  Or going on a trip and waking up in the middle of the night and being able to see the time.  The gold finish with the pearlized face gives it a nice, expensive look.  The band is nice, but I'd like to see a grosgrain band for a dressier look.  All over, This watach gets an A+ from me, because of the price and the great look combined."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This gets use year round, not just in the winter.  In the winter, my wife and me both use it.  She gets to put on nice warm shoes and socks, and I get to put on nice dry shoes and socks.  I don't have a problem staying warm outside in the winter, even when temperatures reach -40.  My problem is sweat.  Shoes can only be washed so often, but it is nice to not have my shoes smell like they are rotting.  This does not get hot enough to cause any damage.  If you forget to turn it off and leave it on all day and night, you aren't going to burn your house down or triple your electric bill.  I might get another one for guests at the house."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These stockings by Leg Avenue are indeed very nice.  For the purposes of full disclosure I will admit that I initially bought them to wear with a (I was a nineteenth century Parisian courtesan!) costume.  However, since then, I have found that they also work great for everyday use.  I have worn them to work and also for more formal events.  My beautiful stockings have not let me down yet!  Great price, perfect fit!  What more can a modern woman ask for?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "MY HUSBAND FARMS, WELDS, CLEARS FENCE LINES, CUTS TIMBER, ETC AND ALWAYS WEARS OUT OR RIPS  THE DENIM JEANS DOWN THE THIGHS WHILE THE REST OF THE FABRIC LOOKS LIKE NEW. GOT 2 PAIR (ONE ON AND ONE IN THE WASH) JUST TO SEE HOW THEY'D WEAR. AT LAST A PAIR OF JEANS EVEN HE COULDN'T RUIN. TIGHTLY WOVEN DUCK MATERIAL WITH DOUBLE THIGH FABRIC WON'T GET RIPPED UP BY BRIARS AND UNDERBRUSH. WON'T FRAY FROM 80# HAY BALES RUBBING AGAINST HIM AS HE CARRIES THEM. DIESEL FUEL ROLLS OFF THE TIGHTLY WOVEN FABRIC AND BACKHOE GREASE SCRAPES RIGHT OFF. REAR POCKETS ARE TACKED ON SO TIGHT EVEN GETTING CAUGHT ON TREE BRANCHES AS HE'S RUNNING THE BACKHOE WONT TEAR THEM. THESE JEANS WEAR LIKE IRON AND LAST LONGER THAN 4-6 PAIRS OF HIS DENIM ONES. YOU'LL PAY MORE FOR THEM BUT STILL SAVE MONEY SINCE THEY LAST SO LONG."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this watch for several months now and I really like it. The second hand is nice for timing things, and it is very easy to read the time. It's also very simple so it doesn't compete with other jewelery. However, as other reviews stated, this watch is VERY small. My writs are almost exactly 6 inches around and I wear this watch on the third-largest size, so it definitely wouldn't go more than ~6.5 inches around your wrist. Other than that, it's very nice, delicate, and simple."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I haven't bought a Timex in years,so I didn't know what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the box.  As you may expect from the price, it's not a fancy watch, but it's the perfect watch if you are looking for a simple and inexpensive watch.  I wear mine every day to work and it's quality is what you expect from Timex.  The strap is skinny which is perfect for my small (6 1/2 inch) wrists.  I did not even have to have holes added.  The face is oval and gold tone. If you are looking for a cute watch with a small face this is a watch you should consider.  At it's price, I would definitely buy another if it came is silver tone."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We have had many of these watches over the course of the last 13 years and 4 kidsI LOVE the following :-if they loose it, Timex will replace it-it is analog....kids need to learn this before going digital..it's vital!-it's sooo cute-the price...quality,  and it is able  get wet so the child does not have to take on and off constantlyMy only gripe on this watch is the band mechanism to secure the length of the strap. It seems to wiggle over time, or come loose. I wish it was able to hold it a bit &#34; tighter&#34; . We graduate our kids to a Timex Ironman digital once this has ran it's course."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These watches are wonderful for children learning the nuance of time.  There are small numbers at the edges reminding them that if the big hand is at 10, it is 50 minutes after the hour, etc.  They are comfortable, and inexpensive enough that the kids can wear them to school without worry.  They are NOT water proof, so need to be taken off before showering or swimming, but can endure almost all other activities.  My granddaughters wear theirs always and I believe it helped them to learn time quickly and painlessly.  The batteries are long lasting.  They come in a wide variety of patterns and colors for both girls and boys.  You really can't go wrong with these watches."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Timex Kids' Color Indiglo Hearts Stretch Band Watch #T7B111 - I have been wearing these kids' watches during the summer for several years. They are inexpensive and have cloth straps, so when the straps wear out, I feel no regret about tossing them and buying replacements. I got several in different colors to coordinate with my wardrobe. When the weather cools off, I put them away until next summer. They've been very reliable and easy and cheap to get the batteries repaired, including at Wal-Mart."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like these a lot.  They are comfortable and very sturdy.  I have trouble with pronation, especially in my right foot.  These keep me walking more like I should be, almost like having linear platform built into them.  My ONLY complaint is that they run a little small.  I don't mind paying extra for good shoes like this, but I wish they were more true to size. UPDATE:  I wore these all summer long, and it didn't take long before these fit my foot really well, and were my go-to shoes most every day, leaving my 50+ other pairs of shoes in the dark closet!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, so you're not going to be the belle of the ball by a long shot in these sandals...not even close...but that's not what they are intended for in the first place.  I just joined a rowing team and everyone on the team highly recommended purchasing a pair of Keens.  Our team color is purple, hence the color I selected (they are not as &#34;purple&#34; as pictured).  I took them out of the box, wore them around the house for a few hours, and was really surprised at how comfy they are.  In fact, I forgot I had them on. There isn't that &#34;newness&#34; or &#34;breaking in&#34; phase. They fit perfectly--and I did take the advice of others to order one half size up (a definite!).  I love them!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes meet the requirement of my foot surgeon!  This is a very difficult task!  They are very comfortable on my feet, the look great and they are very safe!  I love these shoes!  This was a very good by for me!  I have worn them all around while traveling to the Grand Canyon!  Believe me there was a lot of walking to do!  I felt protected, safe, comfortable and attractive all in one!  Amazing shoes!  Thank you!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "For years I resisted purchasing Keen's shoes because they are expensive and frankly, somewhat ugly. But in the summer when I need to do a bit of walking, I find that flipflops or regular sandals just aren't comfortable enough for me if I have to walk or be on my feet for more than an hour. What I've been doing is to wear a pair of leather Keds which are comfortable but in the Texas heat, I'd really rather not. These sandals are fantastic and very much worth the money to me! I get the benefit of a sandal with the long-term comfort and sturdiness of a more substantial shoe."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I actually bought these from another site because of a 20% coupon code and free shipping,  although I did have to wait longer.....but anyways....Might I say this blue color is fabulous and uber cute! !!My feet are slightly wide. .. not wide enough for wide shoes,  but sometimes look puffy in mediums.  Mt size is a 9.I would say the 9.5 is perfect fit.  Not too snug,  even after walking 2 miles and my feet swell a bit,  they were not too snug and still felt good. Plenty of toe room too.The bottoms are a little more plasticy feeling,so to speak, than I expected but still comfortable.As a woman who has made the decision comfort is a priority but I still want a little cute,  I'm really happy with this purchase, perfect for the chic hippie,  lolBottom line. ..I world suggest 1/2 size larger and they are fine for a slightly wider foot.Happy Shopping :-)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was a good jacket for the price.  I ordered a size up, and it seems to fit nicely with a little room to spare on hubby.  The outside is a really heavy duck material, which is awesome for yucky job sites. It washed and dried well without shrinking noticeably. The inside has a thermal (think thermal under shirt) lining that's not particuarly impressive.  There's no material between the coat shell and the thermal, so it's not insulated at all.  But it'll work great protecting whatever my husband is wearing underneath from work funk, and that was the point!  It does have a neat little interior pocket for a cellphone, which I thought was a nice touch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got this for my husband who is a flatbed truck driver. He was complaining about being cold and not having a coat because most are just too bulky for what he has to do. I thought that this would be a happy medium between a lightweight jacket and a heavy coat. He says that it keeps him relatively warm on chilly days and on the really cold days he just layers it with his fleece jacket and stays relatively comfortable. He believes it should be durable to hold up to the rigors of his job as well which is nice, considering how much clothing he has torn up working."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These jackets are great for work or leisure if you're into the outdoors. They run kind of big so I'd suggest getting a size smaller than you usually wear or getting the size you usually wear and then shrinking it with a warm (not hot) cycle in the washking machine or dryer. Some Carhartt jackets can be washed on hot, but depending on the material, a cycle on hot could ruin or damage material Carhartt uses in the production of some of their other jackets. I usually wear a large and I ordered this jacket in a large, and while it didn't fit like an XL, it was a bit too large. I washed it in warm water and dried in the machine and now it fits great. Loose, but tight enough to not look baggy or feel uncomfortably big. These jackets last, and they're great for light weight weather resistence or layering. I'd recommend this jacket to anyone as long as they keep in mind the sizing specifications."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "When i got this jacket i assumed that its for really cold weather because of the thermal lining.Its what i consider a 40 deg jacket maybe even lower if you layer something underneath.If you are looking for one that can handle colder temp i would suggest a quilted or parka lined Carhartt jacket.I have owned this for about 1 1/2 years now and it still look as it did when i bought it.I didnt give it 5 stars mainly because the zipper can be a PITA at times and the thermal lining is thin and not comfortable if you are wearing a short sleeve t-shirt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great jacket! Very warm! I've only warn it a few times but it fits great.  I got a Tall size because I'm 6'5\" and I don't think I've ever had a jacket fit so well.  Looking forward to having this for the bitter Chicago winter.  It's stiff at first, but that's what you'll get with tough gear like this.  If you want something soft and fancy looking, go somewhere else (i.e. northface, columbia). This is definitely a tough jacket for tough guys!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband's favorite winter jacket finally wore out.  He was heartbroken.  Naturally, I went to Amazon to find him a new one.  Looked at many, many jackets and read reviews.  Finding this Carhartt Jacket, reading the reviews, I ordered it.  I told him about it and he just knew he wasn't going to like it, it wasn't going to fit - blah blah blah.  Well, it arrived just in time for the severe below zero weather.  This jacket is everything it claims to be - keeps him warm in below freezing weather, looks sharp, has the inside pockets which are a must for my husband.  He's 6'1 and 250 lbs. and most things I buy for him are XXL.  Went with XL on this jacket because it's a Tall and it fit him perfectly!  Highly recommend."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Im usually a xl or xxl. With this jacket Im a large, I think I could of maybe got a medium even. This jacket is very warm and makes a good winter work jacket for me here in connecticut. This is NOT a light spring or fall jacket. 45 degrees and up you sweat. Its very tough and the arms are long enough. The hood is insulated so its very warm. You do not need any kind of winter hat when wearing this jacket with the hood up. My only problem is the zipper is hard to zip for the first couple of inches but its very slowly getting better with time. Im not sure if all the zippers are like this or just mine."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you are going to be working outside in ridiculously low temperatures, then this is for you. It defines warmth and is probably going to outlast the wearer, the quality is that good.  But beware. 1) it fits big.  I wear this size in EVERYTHING, but in this product, it is way too big.  2) It is for seriously cold weather.  I will not suit you for anything else. That is not a negative, but you need to know that and buy something else unless you are really going to be out for long periods in VERY cold weather.  3) It is very big and stiff and bulky.  It really IS 'outerwear'. I returned mine because it was not fit for my purpose.  But I did so with a heavy heart because it was just so well made and full of features..."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got these for work (Work as a Paramedic), so these do its job by being somewhat water-proof, good fit, and durable. They come super starchy, the size runs pretty small. (I'm a 34 in most everything, a 34 in this seems to feel like a 32 or even 30 at times). Depending on what you want of a work pant, this gets the job done, but just not that great of quality and will probably be thrown away after some use in a year or so."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband looks so cute in these. I bought them for him for work. He's constantly ripping holes in his front pockets from pulling tools and pens in and out, but so far, hasn't had any problems with these. The flat-front is very attractive. As some other reviewers mentioned, the waist fits snugly. I took a chance and purchased my husband's usual size, and he actually likes the way they fit. It took him a few wears to break these pants in, but he's very happy with them. I expect that they'll outlast the brands he usually purchases."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Be sure to go up in size. Anyone who wears Dickies apparently knows this. I looked at my man's pants to order him new ones, and there was no size that I could find on the old ones. So I ordered his normal pants size. Way too small. So I sent it  back and went up 2 sizes, and that was too big. Should have ordered one size up. Know your Dickies size and write it down!The fabric is stiff and sturdy, almost indestructible, does not lose its color in the wash."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to wear black or khaki pants to work, and being a cat owner I can't really go with black. Despite the dress code I handle some pretty gross stuff, and I've ruined almost every pair of khakis I own. These work pants are the answer. They look just like &#34;real&#34; dress pants, but they're heavy material and they've got some sort of anti-liquid/anti-stain treatment on them. Water just beads off, solid stuff just wipes off or washes out without staining.My only gripes, and both minor:1: The fly isn't a button, it's a sort of tab/loop thing. Sometimes it comes unhooked. I always wear a belt anyway, so this isn't a huge problem.2: The side pockets could be a lot deeper. There is a shower of change whenever I sit down, but so far I haven't managed to lose my car keys.I think I'm going to end up buying a ton of these."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great pants. Perfect fit.Wrinkle freeStain resistant. What more could you want?I don't know how other people are getting too big or small pants. I have ordered Silver, Khaki, and Black. They are a perfect fit. I always order a size bigger just in case they shrink after washing. I will update if any changes after washing. I would give this a 5 star but I don't like the clasp closure, I'd rather have a button. But Dickies does not have 34x29L pants with a button closure.Thank you amazon."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am also a buyer who bought this for my mother, who is in her eighties. It is absolutly perfect, and quite attractive, for the older set, being of a more conservative design. It may possibly work for a younger person, if you know how to jazz it up.The weight is perfect for indoor use, and thin enough to layer under a jacket for outdoor use, if needed. It seems to be made quite well. There is a plethora of colors to choose from. I bought the Navy, to play it safe, but may buy my Mom more of these sweaters in varying shades to spice up her wardrobe. This sweater has nice, clean lines, yet feminine with the subtle stiching details. Not cheap looking at all, attractive in appearance. Also it will be easy to launder and dry.I liked that this company included a catalog of their goods in the package, as there are quite a few wardrobe items that my Mom would really like, without breaking the bank."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "All right, let's get right down to it! When it comes down to intimate apparel, there is nothing that captures a man's eyes and imagination as thigh-high stockings!These soft and sexy stockings wear well, and stay up. So, you don't need to use a garter, but I do recommend one. (I don't believe in understatement in the bedroom.)I highly recommend these stockings to you - or for you men, buy them as a gift!(Review of Sheer Lace Top Back Seam Thigh Hi Stockings)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These Fishnet stockings are really well made!  I've worn them three times now and they look as good as they did when I put them on the first time.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the fact that they ARE NOT made to stand up on their own, like the picture would have you believe. There is nothing sewn into the stocking to help it stay up either, so it's not that they just don't stay up.  They are made to be worn with a garter, so it would have been helpful if they had presented them that way, instead of using the picture they did.  I think that's why the model is holding her legs together...to keep the stockings up for the half second it took to take the picture. ;)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was asked to get some fishnets.  Im a lil above average...5'8, 190 pounds with NOT toned legs lol.  Anyhow, I figured plus size would work.  They did.  They tops do not roll down, or squeeze the fat up over them.  I wore them with garters and a garter belt.  The only thing I don't like is that they are the loose knit, not stretchy kind...so I can see them losing shape if you don't tend to them by handwashing periodically."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a &#34;sleep leisure&#34; bra, so I wasn't expecting a push-up, but it might be a little too comfortable and relaxed with the fit if you've got a large chest. Also, I absolutely know my bra size and ordered this in my correct size and it was WAY small. I returned and ordered the next size up and it was actually still a bit snug, but workable. I'd take that into consideration when buying and, if you are busty like me, you might want to go a different direction."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a relatively small woman with naturally large breasts.  As such I have never been able to wear a bra without an underwire.  However, when I got pregnant and found my once comfortable C cups very full Ds, it became painful to sleep without a bra.  I purchased this bra with the hopes to find relief while I slept from both the breast tenderness and the soreness associated with the underwire bras I was used to.  It was heaven sent!  I couldn't believe something as soft and gentle as a t-shirt could provide just the right amount of support to keep me contained but comfortable.  I had to come back and order more!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I received this bra today, and was eager to at least try it on.  It is comfortable, BUT, it seems like it's a little smaller than what I am used for for a 44.  It feels like it's a 40 or 42.  It seems like it will roll up, either on the sides or back.  I've had bras that do that and this one feels like it will do it, but it hasn't done it so far, so maybe it's just me.  Be careful if you have rings on and you are putting this on.  I nicked it a little and pulled out some of the thread with my ring.  I don't see how because there's nothing sharp or sticking out on my ring.  I just took a lighter and burnt the thread down.  Overall, it is a fairly decent bra, it is comfy and pretty stretchy, just don't get anything around it that may get a hold of the threads in it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been looking for something comfortable to wear around the house and I've found it. I just had a baby a few months ago and I'm huge (42C). This fits perfectly. It's not too tight and not too lose and it provides some support. Not as much as my underwire, but around the house, it's great. I forget I have it on and the hooks in the front don't bother at all.It also keeps you separated... no uni-boob, which is awesome.All in all a good investment."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this primarily to wear when I'm kinda dressed, but not leaving the house; it's so comfortable that I've slept in it, and woken up none the worse for wear. I'm a 38D, and I can't say this offers the kind of support I prefer for outside wear. However, it looks very nice, and gives very good support and excellent separation; it's perfect for wearing when I can't be bothered with an underwire. I also love the front closure. It's really easy to close and doesn't chafe at all while I'm wearing the bra.In short, this is the first \"leisure bra\" I've ever worn that doesn't leave me with a single sagging mono-bazoom. It's not cheap, but I'm going to get another one, because this ratio of comfort to support is hard to come by."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted something that I could wear around the house on those &#34;just want to be comfy&#34; days.  This bra fits the bill.  I wear a 36DD and went with the 38D/D/DD size.  The cups fit good and do not cause a uniboob like a lot of bras like this cause.  However, the band was a bit snug on me.  When I reordered a couple more I went with the 40C/D/DD and like that fit much better.  I would say this is the next most comfortable thing to bra-less :-)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got it for those &#34;hang around the house in a sweatshirt&#34; days.  For the most part it's quite comfortable.  The band is a little snug-feeling by the end of the day - but that's why I opted for a front closure (and can reasonably unhook the bottom 1 or 2 hooks).Hopefully some ladies agree with me:  the bra I put on in the morning (comfy) is not the one I take off at night (band is too snug).  This bra is as close as it comes to being the best answer to that problem.  I look the array of colors it came in too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the same bra size I normally wear, and the band is very tight. The shoulder straps (which are not adjustable) were also tight. I've lost some weight since purchasing the bra, and it's still tight but wearable. Previously, I couldn't bear to wear it at all. I'm hoping the elastic will loosen up a bit with time.I can easily see why this bra doesn't work for all ladies. I'm petite and fine-boned, and the shoulder straps are just barely big enough for me (and that's taking into account the weight I lost!). The fabric is wonderfully soft and stretchy, but if you can't find the right size it simply will not work for you. There isn't a lot of leeway because nothing is adjustable.In conclusion, I suggest selecting at least one band size up from normal, and making sure to order from a vendor with a good return policy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the 38 F/G/H even though I wear a J in most bras, and this actually fit me very well; I'm surprised at the other reviews that say it fits small. They're fairly supportive for a leisure bra. I wear these all the time, even out shopping.Edit: I wrote the above based on the black ones I ordered. I made another order of the black with tan dots, and they were much smaller, particularly vertically. I can still wear them, but they're not as comfortable, and for the most part I just wear them over other bras.Edit: ordered more plain black ones, and they fit as before. Strange that the fit would vary by color."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Absolutely gorgeous! A perfect replacement for those nylon and spandex, unlined bras Calvin Klein used to make, that made the breasts look completely natural and not \"packaged\" like they do with \"contour cups.\" Unfortunately, the band and cups do run small. A 38DD fit like a 36C. In fact, this is the second Wacoal Bra I've tried that ran small (see my review ofWacoal Women's Halo Lace Full Coverage Underwire Bra # 65547). I'd buy three if the size went up to 40D!! But alas, 99.9% of racerback and racerback-like (close-set straps) bras stop at 38D or DD. If you're a smaller chested woman, this bra is THE CURE to all those ridiculous euphemisms for padded bras: \"molded cups,\" \"T-shirt bra,\" age-defying lift\" and my favorite, \"seamless.\" Thank you very much, but simple nylon over my own breast is actually seamless!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The first thing you notice about this bra in Toast color is that it looks as a posture correcting device in terms of color, fabric texture, overall design and ugly straps in the back, in particular. So, in short, the look is bad, you cannot undress without scaring your man. Perhaps, in black this bra would look better, but far from being attractive anyway. The cups are very thin, as other reviewers already noticed, but for me it was not a problem. Hence, I give it 2 stars for holding the straps at the center as a T-back supposed. The bust support is OK for one day until fabric stretches. Wonder why it is so expensive if it is neither good sport or comfort bra, nor a sexy dress style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a wonderful style bra. I have worn them for years and they do eventually wear out and I order another drawerful.I even sleep in one. They 're that comfortable. I have a size 32 frame but need the D cup ( and this is a very difficult size to locate. I can rarely find them in stores any more.)  So Amazon saves the day for me again! It is so supportive that you could wear it any time from dressing up or to wear under your gym outfits. However, if I was going to be running, a compression bra might be a better choice...I started wearing this style front hook when I had had a hand surgery and couldn't use a back hook ...and never went back to it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear Wacoal all the time and the band size on this definitely runs small (I'd say by one size; I'm normally 34D, but could have used a 36 in this; I think the sizing issue is because the band isn't adjustable and they decided to err on the side of too snug). The lift is nice, and the straps sit in the middle of the shoulder as pictured instead of riding to the center like so many t-backs. The fabric is quite thin so don't expect any, er, cold-weather protection. I do recommend it, just know what you're getting."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Good news guys & gals, if you are plus size, or big & tall, and lamenting that you can't wear these panties, they will fit you! I have a 48\" waist and I normally wear a size 9/XL panty, but I wear these in size 7 and they fit quite comfortably and still have some give to them! They don't pinch, bind or ride up. There is plenty of room up front for the male anatomy. I recommend that you hand wash and hang-dry these, they will last longer. If Jockey made these for men, then us men wouldn't have to wear panties!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was very excited to order these panties. Tried them on and was instantatly amazed. A sexy, string bikini is very hard to find,especially one as comfortable as this tactel string bikini. Not only are they nice looking, but this material is very heavenly. Love the feel on my skin. i have a 36 waist usually take a 6 in most panties and these were very nice. My my most recent purchases however, have been size 5 and with the stretch of this of this panty i'll only buy a 5 in the future. Now have every color. These are simply awesome to wear! i wear panties 24/7 now and love it. These are my favorites withou a doubt. men, do your selves a favor and check them out."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love love love these underwear for years now.  I've rarely had a problem with underwear riding up my bum with these, which is the main reason I buy these.  I'm a full figured woman, but also wore these when I was more athletic and they're wonderful.  Wearing them to work as a professional to the gym, they fit great.  They last for years too which is amazing.  I finally replaced some after going through a pregnancy and stretching some out.  My main helpful hint is to wash them in a bag or by themselves to avoid balling up from other clothes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After years of trying different brands and suffering from endless wedgies, these are absolutely the only underwear I'll ever buy again.  They are incredibly comfortable, and unless your pants are skin-tight, they really don't show a panty line; the elastic around legs and hip is so thin.  That thin elastic, plus the right amount of stretch and shape in the derriere means they also don't ride up.  The hip brief is my favorite style; they hit below the waist so don't look like granny panties (and I'm a granny!), but not as low cut as a bikini.  They are nearly perfect in every way; I just wish they made a few more colors and cuter patterns but I can live with that given the comfort level!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These liners do fit rather snuggly, hugging my very curve and bump. The waist band is about an inch or so above my navel, and the lower hem ends a couple of inches above my knee. There is, indeed, no tag, and I see no laundering instructions, so I am going to wash them medium (permanent press), and dry on low. I don't think they will shrink much with just 43% cotton, but with 14% lycra, I don't want to wash and dry them too hot or roughly. They will make good liners under shorts to work out, or even under other clothing for \"curve contol\".  Not bad for about $14.  There are not terribly thin, but too thin to wear alone. I would like to see them available in more colors than just the Birch (light gray)."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this bra because it had so many good reviews and I am always looking for a minimizer bra.  I bought my regular size which is a 34C.  I have to wear it in the loosest hook and I usually wear a 34C in the tightest hook.  I put it on this morning and it felt a little snug but not uncomfortable and I thought it would be OK.  Now it's after lunch and I am sitting at my desk after eating a Chick-Fil-A sandwich -- just the sandwich mind you -- not the meal.  Well I am about to die. This bra is cutting me in half and there's nothing I can do about it.  I can't just take it off and go around braless so I am hostage to this torture chamber!  I'm too lazy to send it back so I'll just wear it on a &#34;thin&#34; day."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have tried every bra out there from cheap to very expensive.. If you need support and a decent looking bra, this is the bra for you. I am a 50 year old large busted woman who needs support in a bra. I have been professionally fitted and spent $100's of dollars on bras and always kick myself and go back to Bali..After almost 40 years I will not bother with any other bra again. Now I just order a new set of all colors about every 6 months....it can't be beat.."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I received this bra 2 days ahead of the scheduled delivery date. Great job Amazon. The material is is A-One quality. Nice wide straps, the thin lace cups leave just enough transparency to get the imagination in overdrive. lol. The underwires are just right and make for a well fitted bra holding everything in place as it should. Only regret is that the cup size seemed a little larger than I had expected.  Probably should have ordered a B cup? But with my breast enhancers inserted I can fill it out for a nice fit.  This is certainly a sexy appearing and very comfortable bra and deserves the high ratings given by most of the other reviewers."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bought this on a whim, and I absolutely love it!  For larger sizes, it's not super supportive, but still gets the job done.  Really attractive but somehow still kind of modest.  No lines or pointy boobs!Pros:- Sizing seems accurate (I wear 40D in Victorias Secret, same here)- full coverage without lines or pointy boobs- kind of sexy but kind of modest at the same time- washes well - no color run- thinner, but the lace is thick enough to prevent any major nip issues (still wouldn't wear with super thin tops though)Cons- very light support for the larger sizes ( I'd widen the strap!)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've tried other panties and brands of panties and must stick with what works.  I'm VERY pleased with the black pair of the Vanity Fair Women's Perfectly Yours Ravissant Tailored Nylon Brief in black, in fact, so much so that I ordered three pairs in blushing pink (I think they will look just fine under white slacks in summer).  However, my first order was canceled after more than 11 days when they had not yet shipped from a department store in Florida!  I canceled and went back to check and they were then available directly from Amazon and came in two business days."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These do not fit like theVanity Fair Perfectly Yours Brief 15712nor theVanity Fair Women's Perfectly Yours Lace Nouveau Brief Panty #13001with those panties being a size too big on me which I enjoy.  These cotton panties were a size or two too small.  After almost getting a pair on, I took them off, repackaged them, printed out an Amazon Return Form and immediately dropped them off at UPS - all on the same day I received them.  From the previous reviews I expected bloomery, puffy cotton panties as from my childhood but it was not to be.  I guess I will always wear nylon panties.  I am VERY disappointed but refuse to go up to a giant size 10 or so.  I gave it two stars simply because they were Vanity Fair but probably made in China."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm 44DD so I wear bras all the time.  This one is effective,  in that it lifts, and it gives good posture because if you slouch the wires stick out in the front - very unattractive,  so I find myself sitting straight.  It's comfortable but seriously not sexy, and comes up very high. It wears comfortably under my gym gear and I bought it for a gym bra but it's not very versatile,  as it shows under most of my other tops (and they're not particularly low cut)Edited to add,  it wasn't flexible enough to be comfortable in exercise class and I've just thrown it out.  Didn't work at all for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was sorta skeptical when I got this bra. But it proved to be the best bra I ever wore! Love the light blue color that I got and its really smooth to the touch on the cups. Liked that the adjustable straps were in front. Also love the little bow in the middle. Will definitely buy the pink and white ones. Thank goodness I don't have to wear under wire to get the support I need. I didn't even notice I had it on! And thankfully no red marks on my shoulders or itchiness anywhere.Hope they never discontinue this bra!!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Wow, I'm pretty shocked as to how many positive reviews this bra has.  The cup is shaped very weird, When on, it makes my boobs look like torpedoes!  And it pushes them wayyy to far apart.  They stick out too much on the sides and just makes the shape of my chest look un-natural.  No bueno.  I see other reviewers have had the same experience as me with this bra.  I sent it back immediately!The Bali #3372 is the one that makes my boobs look great and feel great, even though it's itchy sometimes.  This one looked almost the same, so I gave it a try.  But the way it looks on is very different from the way it looks off."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am skeptic about buying cloths online but I thout I will give a try. And I am not disappointed .I just got my bra today. The bra made really nicely,fits perfectly and gives a really good support. I got this bra for sleep in and I can't wait to use it for this purpose. It is a great bra for a great price.Update: after wash and wearing for a couple times bra cups got misshaped. Looks weird - half empty. My guess they run size bigger .If I could I would take off a star."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have these in nude and black.The nudes have lasted much longer than your standard grocery store hose, which is nice and expected for $8 hose.  I've worn them three or four times and they're still fine.The black I'm wearing now - put on for the first time and I already had to use nail polish to stop little tiny holes from growing. (My nails were filed and I wear hose all the time so I know how to put them on carefully.) It could be that these holes are just  more noticible with black.I love that these do not have the rubber elastic in them, which is hard to find and why I purchased them.However, the band is two times as long as it needs to be. Even with my garters cinched up all the way, I struggle all day making sure that the band doesn't peek out from my knee length skirt when I sit down.  That's particularly awkward for job interviews and such."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am 5'5\" and about 160 lbs. I got the size Queen 1 because of the reviews saying to get a size up since they cut into your thigh. I am wearing these with a garter belt under a dress so I needed them to fit comfortably. I got nude, and I am very pale and the color works. They aren't too shiny either. This size is supposed to fit up to 225 lbs and 5'6\" and they fit pretty well on my thigh but the lace band sits pretty low. It starts just a few inches above my knee, so keep that in mind. You will need adjustable garter straps and a knee length dress. I can't wait to try these on with my garter and dress!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm pale skinned with pink undertones. I ordered \"barely there\", (the title next to a light shade of hosiery) and if by \"barely there\" they mean \"VERY OBVIOUSLY there\", then they've really nailed it with their subtley sarcastic description.These hose were brown, like a dark taupe. The photo clearly shows a lighter shade. So, anyway, the point of this review is, if your skin tone is like mine, don't make the same mistake I did by assuming the shades shown represented how these hose *actually* look in real life."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these pantyhose and have worn them in the past.  The reason that I gave 3 stars is that the sizing info isn't helpful.  When you click on it, you see sock sizes.  There should be a chart online, just as there is on the back of the pantyhose package.  So, I'll return them because of incorrect sizing.  I have ordered another size.  However, I do appreciate being able to get the color pearl.  In the stores, they are mostly brown.  I have fair skin, so brown pantyhose don't look right on me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have very swollen lower legs and feet when I sit a lot, fly, or stand a lot.  I have a lot of compression knee hi socks and a pair of thigh highs. They worked pretty well in reducing the swelling, but never all the way, plus the elastic would dig into my leg at the base of my knee and leave a big groove.  My toes got pulled tight too.  Then, I found these socks.This brand and style and compression level are perfect in every way.  They don't dig into your leg at the top, they don't pull on your toes, they are very comfortable, look sporty, and they keep all of the swelling in my legs away.  I have 3 pairs now but I plan to get a few more.  So glad I stumbled upon this brand and style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The Good:  I love these socks.  They are very well built and I feel like I have a sock that will last for years.  They are great for walking around the house with no shoes.  Their elastic around the calf is well made and I have yet to have a pair start to get loose on me.  The warmth is fantastic and they feel comfortable with all types of shoes.The Bad:  They are thick, but this is probably why you bought them anyway.  Just be aware that you may have tight shoes start to fit strangely because of that thickness."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my second purchase of these Wigwam brand hiking/outdoor socks. I now have seven pair. Why so many? These are the single best socks I have ever used. They are all synthetic, warm in winter, good in summer, no blisters, chafing, no wet feet, fit perfectly (I wear mens 9 shoe and use the Large size instead of the recommended medium), and look good. Turn them inside-out when you wash them in the machine, use no bleach, and they might outlast your hiking shoes. Socks are really important in walking comfort. I am an urban hiker and have always been pleased how warm my feet are all winter now that I use these artificial fiber socks instead of wool. Cotton? Forget it. These are the best - worth every penny. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Our family loves hiking.  We all have an appropriate pair of these socks.  Living in a very hot climate, these socks do get a little warm.  However, price and quality make these socks a worthwhile purchase.I've even been known to wear these as my work socks.  As someone who works in a school and is on his feet most of the day, these socks are both confortable and stylish enough for daily wear.I would like to be able to compare them against another brand which claims to be cooler."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been buying Wigwam socks for hiking and other outdoor adventures since I was in college. I order 2 pairs of these Hiking Pro socks for a motorcycle road trip because I knew they would keep my feet comfortable for long days on the saddle. I rode 3,500 over 4 days. Two days there, two days back with a week of adventure in between. My feet stayed warm and dry and they were a great complement to my Salomon Quest 4D GTX boots.If you haven't tried Wigwam socks, they have always seemed true to fit for me. They are soft, offer good support, great air flow & insulation. I definitely recommend trying these - the price may seem a little high for socks, but they are fair for &#34;performance&#34; socks and they hold up great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm not the guy who spends this much on 1 pair of sox but these are some pretty sturdy, comfy, well fitting toe wraps right here - little tight at the top to start but after a few miles it felt like I had put a new pair of sole replacements in my bootsWent on YouTube to get their input and these puppies rated very high and well deserved.Tough while making every step comfortable - warm without weight and bulk - &#34; no sweat &#34; technology is really what it says it is - ( no more stinky feet by the campfire attracting bugs ) - glad I did the research and glad I pushed the button on this purchase - high quality, heavy duty, stylish, comfortable, warm, good selection,  good vendorMy dogs are not barkin after puttin on these puppies5 stars and 2 thumbs up"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've always worn Levi's jeans. Recently, however, they don't seem to last like they used to. Jeans that I have bought within the last 5 years or so, seem to wear out faster than older pairs I've had. Particularly around the pockets and the seam in the crotch. The material seems thinner too. While this makes them a tiny bit more comfortable, they don't make 'em like they used to. Still kinda expensive too, but they go on sale every once in a while. Or I can use points to buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So annoying. I've been wearing Levi's 505 as long as I can recall. The move to overseas production has really hosed up the quality of these jeans, though. And they are terribly, terribly inconsistent. In the most recent instance, I ordered two pairs from the same seller through Amazon, in different colors. What I've noticed over the last few years is that different colors appear to be made by different foreign factories -- some in Mexico, some in China, some in Bangladesh, etc. And depending on where they are made, the weight of the fabric and the actual fit is quite inconsistent. When I order these things, I want/expect them to fit the same way, every color, every time. Not an unreasonable expectation, I think. Levi Strauss was able to achieve this for quite a number of years. Evidently, though, like most other American businesses they have simply ceased to give a rip, opting for comparatively inexpensive labor and compromised quality. Makes me frickin' sad."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have purchased 4 pairs of Levi's 505 jeans in the last two years.  Altogether, I have 6 pairs of 505's.  The problem is that four of the six pairs I have are over 10 years old.  Yep, the pre-2000 jeans wear like iron while the post-2009 jeans wear out.  This last pair (made in Central America) fit well and are comfortable.  I'm giving them 4 stars because, they are comparable with the ones I have purchased recently and fit fine.  If you are comparing these jeans to those from years ago, however, they would be two stars."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The Seller is terrific ordered and it shipped and received in BETTER than a timely fashion!! Now.the jeans although feel and fit very nice,still do not feel like they use to back in the good ole days of 505 and 501 Levis!! This does not mean that I do not like the feel and comfort,they do feel very good and fit very nicely , I certainly will purchase another couple of pairs of these in the future especially from this seller!! But I would have given out a 5th star if I found that the quality of the jeans were they way I remember them from the 70's and 80's!! Those felt like,you know ,the way cars were built back in the 50's and 60's firm/strong/ built to last??? But this is the world today! Recommended and buy from this seller;they are GREAT!! Thanks"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pretty nice jeans. They are very dark and the color does run when they are washed. They definably fit larger than the 505's in &#34;Range&#34; that I bought in the same size. These sit at the waste not below. I soaked them when I first got them and have washed and dried them a few times and they shrank some but are still bigger than the 505's in &#34;Range&#34;.Bottom line is these are Levi's and they are notoriously inconsistent. You can find them almost anywhere. I would just buy in store so you know they will fit ok."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was looking for decent Levi's for a few years and Amazon had them!!!  I wanted the stiff unwashed jeans because they last quite a few years.  The pre-washed jeans are VERY comfortable and ready to wear, but I hope they have the same life as the unwashed (stiff) Levis.  The size was the  same as my original 505's and fit me well.  They were a bit expensive at $40 vs ($10 - $15) for Wranglers, but they feel great and wear well.  The Levi's in the store are sold with holes in them!!!! I'm 50 + years old and I don't need the holes thanks anyway!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The quality of Levis jeans seems to be a decline, an endless abyss. The back label, which supposedly should be leather, now seems to be made &#8203;&#8203;of cardboard and a lousy finish. The jeans manufactured in Mexico and Egypt are the worst labels or at least, in my experience, has been. I think there should be more oversight by Levis in its factories around the world. Previously, a Levis jeans was a piece \"almost perfect\", today I can not say the same. I totally agree with all the people who are disappointed with diminishing quality of these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These jeans are awesome.  I see that there are a lot of negative reviews about how Levi's changed the fit of these jeans (however long ago...), but I wasn't wearing them back then so I cannot speak to that issue.  But from what I can tell there shouldn't be any complaints about fit!  These jeans look great and fit well.  They are also high quality.  What else could you want?  Them to come with money in the pockets?  Well me too but that goes for everything I buy.  Get a pair, you won't regret it!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't like that the different styles are made in different locations so you never really get a consistent make or wear with Levi's anymore.  This particular &#34;lot or batch&#34;  was good.  However, they seem to be thinner than usual.  Not really sure if that a new thing.  They have 7 belt loops.  Some poor reviews stated they had 5.  This again may be a consequence of multiple manufacturing facilities.Overall, basic Levi quality with expected characteristics.  Price is more reasonable online than most store retailers.  I think this offsets risks."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been wearing Levi 501s for over 25 years. By mistake I ordered these 505s instead of 501s. It took a little getting used to having a zipper instead of button fly. Actually I think the zipper may help increase the life of my jeans. Over time the buttons have tended to wear the buttonholes on my 501s making them a little loose.These 505s fit just as well as my 501s have fit over many years. I'll almost certainly continue to buy Levis for the next 25 years. The only question will be: 501 or 505?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've always wanted to buy several Levi's and be brand loyal but over the years the sizing across several styles and denim is simply all over the place. Seat is usually way too tight or too baggy (as is the fit),  inseam is always way too long. Had hopes with this style but again, disappointed. Certainly not a brand for those looking to avoid way too skinny or way too baggy jeans. Simple straight legged pants that fit as sized on the labeling are extremely hard to come by these days. Levi's sizing is so erratic you basically need to try on a dozen pairs across a dozen styles to get remotely close to what might adequately fit. Shouldn't be this hard to buy Levi's."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to agree with some of the other reviewer comments regarding the decline in quality for Levi jeans.  The material seems a lot thinner than the last pair of jeans I purchased.  Besides the flimsy material the jeans didn't fit well either.  I have worn the same size jeans for the past several years.  I would swear the pair I just purchased on Amazon was at least a size too big. I ended up buying the size pair of Lee jeans on Amazon and they fit just right and the quality of material was a lot better.  Lee jeans has a new customer."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got a 38 by 29 for my husband in &#34;Fume&#34; color and oh boy does he look HOT! I'm in love with this color, plus the fit was awesome and way beyond my expectations.Hubby doesnt have a body like a model, he's got a bit of belly (at 5'9&#34; and 215 pounds), so I was apprehensive about how this straight fit was gonna work out..because it's actually more like a slim fit, but it looks great.I was tired of him wearing &#34;relaxed fit&#34;...too baggy for my taste..too much like &#34;pop jeans&#34;...no offense for guys who like the style.I wanted something...how can I put it?!....something younger, fit and svelte, to make his legs look longer...and I'm very pleased with these 505.I will definitely buy him more, in other colors."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these when my local store didn't have the right size & color combination. The jeans arrived promptly, packaged in a plastic bag (inside a soft plastic shipping bag). The fit was exactly the same as my other 505s and identical in every other way, too. (If you're new to 505s, they fit something like 1&#34; larger than stated, e.g., 30&#34; stated size fits an actual waist size of about 31&#34;)Inspect the photos carefully, since there are lot of color options. I've had both the light and dark stonewash colors, which are even in their shading (none of the fake &#34;worn&#34; areas). Enjoy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's nice to see that Levi's add a touch up style to their Legendary Americas favorite blue jean. I was surprised to see these jeans from Levi's, so I purchased these, since I now own several other brands of these some what leather look like jeans to update my style. I like the fact that these are still Levi's, same fit, feel & look. And also the fact these don't cost a bundle. I noticed that some designers are doing this with their prices, just because they look like leather, but they're not & the should reflect that also. I really like these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had previously purchased a pair of these jeans from a store and liked them so much I ordered a darker color from Amazon. They are listed as exactly the same fit, style, and size but the ones purchased from Amazon are more snug around the waist for me (this was before any washing). They also have a chemical smell from all the dye used but I'm sure there are some tricks to remove that so it isn't really a concern. It does make me wonder if the dying process somehow shrinks jeans as the darker pair is more snug but I'm not sure. If I could do it again I would probably just purchase them at the store after having tried them on as the previous pair I purchased locally was the same price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn this style for several years now and this is the first time I have ever purchase them online.  They are not the same bra. They have changed the way they have made it. they are using cheaper products, less material around the wire so it rubs against your skin and my boobs look pointed in these for some reason, my other one's do not do that. ( I purchased my other bra's at macy's and JCPenney)  Are they worth 24 dollars ( give or take).  Not really, I keep telling myself, self.... do not purchase anything you can't try on, online, but do I listen....no....and I'm almost always disappointed with the clothing and shoe purchases."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I agree with all the reviews that say the band on this bra runs small.  For comparison's sake, I am usually a 38 band and I have the Champion 1602 that is a 38ddd.  I measured it against this bra and it was the same length as the 44!  To me that's a huge difference. But when I tried on the 44ddd of this Wacoal it did not feel secure, so maybe the short length has something to do with the stretch of the material.  It didn't seem a lot stretchier than my Champion though."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't even want to take this bra off,  it's that comfortable.  I especially enjoy the wide straps.  I'm starting to get indentations on my shoulders from straps digging in through the years!Not with these straps.  Support is outstanding and looks great under clothes.  Don't suffer with cheaper bras that are not comfortable!The quality of Wacoal bras is outstanding and although they are spendy will outlast most other brands.  However  beware,  as I have bought knockoffs calling themselves Wacoal which indeed were not.(Ebay)  I can tell the difference right off the bat!  Hopefully that is not happening here on Amazon as one reviewer complained.  I can certainly vouch that this is a Wacoal bra.  I have bought several of these through the past 15 years."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This waist cincher is perfect to accentuate an hourglass shape. The inner-contour bands in the middle help create a fierce silhouette. I regularly wear steel-boned corsets, and find this to be a great summer alternative. For comfort, I suggest wearing a corset liner underneath if you wear for an extended period of time. Next time I order, I will size down as it is not snug enough for my taste. Remember to buy cincher by waist measurement. Pair with a bullet bra for an extreme look that is bound to turn heads."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This waist cincher is just what I hoped for and more. After carefully reading the reviews, I ordered the large even though my waist is 33 inches. I was worried that it wouldn't fit or make much difference, but the results were fantastic. It highlights my hourglass figure and makes me feel much more confident in clingy dresses. As others have mentioned, it won't work under very clingy and thin fabrics because the fasteners will show through.I have worn this for hours at a time, including on a long car ride, and it is more comfortable than expected. It also helps my posture, which is nice. FInally, I appreciate that it is easy to care for--I just wash it on the delicate or handwash cycle and hang to dry. I was so pleased with it that I ordered another in beige."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This waist cincher is perfect for those who don't have a whole lot to pack in, but want a smooth, long line.  I also like it because the garter straps can be significantly shortened, so the tops of my stockings are not down near my knees at the end of the day.  It is comfortable but sturdy - no weird poking or pinching - and it holds its shape throughout the day.  Finally, this is much more visually appealing than most waist cinchers/tummy flatteners out there.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "As another reviewer mentioned, it's hard to find an XS girdle/shaper and this one certainly does the job of taking away a couple inches off my waist to look great in wedding dress. However all of the cinching is at the waist and perhaps not enough in the hip area which gives you an almost unnatural silhouette: tiny waist, big hips, flattened top of butt - my torso and hips feel a bit like 2 sausage links separated at the waist but on the good side it gives you a very 50s  bombshell figure under the RIGHT type of clothes. I don't recommend wearing it under fitted or slinky clothing, for me that looks a little bizarre and you can clearly see the hooks. But it is perfect under layered clothing, much like a wedding dress!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This cincher is as firm as they get and chisels out a fantastic waist. If you're looking for a great silhouette under fitted clothes that aren't too clingy, this is your secret weapon. It's my go-to shapewear when wearing jeans and a button-front sweater, or with dresses that nip in at the waist (the garters are very sturdy) but don't cling to the body. Button-front sweaters hide the hooks in front of the cincher--which will otherwise show through clothes--and if you're a bit \"fluffy\" in back this might not be the best choice for you under fabrics that closely show the shape of your back (it might blend with the line of your bra... it might not). Overall it's a solid and well-used part of my shapewear wardrobe. Note: Rago has a line of products that are not always identified clearly in Amazon; check out [...] for details."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pros:>This product provides a lot of support>Has a great little hidden pee vent>Looks a lot nicer than the photograph>Works great around the hips and for fitting into jeans>Provides decent back supportCons:>Definitely runs on the small size (I bought a size up, but I wish I'd made that 2)>Despite nice loose rubber lace edges to smooth out the lines, still leaves very noticeable indentation rings right in the middle of the thigh>Distributes tummy above the top resulting in a very noticeable spare tire tummy above the waist (looks extremely odd and noticeable)>Permanent metal garter clasps that can be painfulSum:Probably good if you just want to fit into jeans, but buy at least one size up, and don't even think about wearing under any but the loosest clothing and probably with a jacket."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I hate bounce. I'm a 36DD, and like high impact sports. While this bra didn't completely eliminate bounce, it certainly reduced it to a more comfortable level. I can do intervals in this, play basketball, and jump around to my hearts content. I still sometimes do the double bra technique with this bra, but this is probably the only bra I'd wear on its own for high impact sports.Upside: best bra around for minimizing bounceDownside: Ugly. No getting around that. You can't wear cute little tops with this. But when you don't have painful bounce, you can live with a little more coverage."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a big fan of Fantasie bras, and this one is exceptionally pretty, well-made AND supportive.  It's also very sexy and with the matching panties, just the sort of lingerie I hope to be wearing should I end up in an ambulance or the hospital (I've been told they really DO check out the underwear by two reliable sources.)  If you're larger busted and not typically a fan of the balcony style, take a chance on this bra and I have a feeling you'll be happy with your purchase."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered 2, and actually preferred the tan finish (tone was gorgeous, and more even in appearance).  The tan was missing a \"leg\" however; it has rubber to keep it off the countertop, so I sent it back.  I kept this one for my husband, which I intended as a gift.  A bit of miscommunication has them refunding instead of exchanging the tan, no biggie, we shall figure that out. The bag(s) itself is great.  I can't wait to see how it ages, it, like few products these days, appears to be built for the long haul.  I anticipate it will look great for years, if it's cared for."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Interestingly, these do not keep your hands warm...they just keep them from being cold.  When you are hiking, running or doing other things in the cold your hands tend to get cold and can really ruin an activity.  Gloves, however, can make  your hands overheat while doing physical activities.  These just keep your hands at a normal temperature so you do not even think about them.  They are knit and gripping is pretty much non existent.  But for running, walking, or hiking out in the cold, they are great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "gloves very comfortable and kept my hands warm for the most part.  The day I used them was the coldest day of the year and it was an early morning run and my fingers at the end were so cold my fingers felt like they could fall off.  I saw them in a running store and mentioned this, the guys in the shop said it must be because my hands didn't sweat.  Apparently they are really good gloves.  I will use them again but the next cold run will have another pair of warm gloves on top."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, so I wear cotton granny panties,  It's my fanny and I like 'em!  These are pricey but worth it:  such fine quality cotton, not really 'suede' feeling, but a thicker and very soft smooth fabric, care to hems and stitching, and the soft lace trim at the waist is not itchy, doesn't bunch, and indeed looks and feels feminine.  They've only been through a few machine washings and dryings, but they come out looking just lovely.  Yeah, I should hand wash and drip dry, they'd probably last until my last breath on earth, but .....  these are durable goods and they handle my abuse quite well."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this bra and ordered a few of them because finding a bra that fits is like heaven. An uncomfortable bra is like ill-fitting shoes and makes me cranky. I had purchased this size/style in a store so I knew it would fit. In general, I think the cup might run a little small. The thing I like is that the padding is thick enough that no one can tell when you're &#34;cold&#34; when wearing a think t-shirt, yet I don't feel overstuffed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra fits well and the demi look is sexy.  Nice to have a sexy bra in my size, 34D.  The fit is on the small size.  This is a good choice for those of us with short torsos.  The side wings don't cut into me like on a lot of bras and as others have said the straps are very adjustable.What I don't like about the bra is that the underwire is scratchy, and the cup tops are visible under t-shirts.  Maidenform demi cups show under t-shirts on me, I'm not sure why.  I do have one Wacoal demi that is completely invisible, so I know it's possible to create an invisible demi."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered 2 of these bras for my girlfriend, because she got too big for her previous bras, (that's a Great Problem to have. LOL!). I liked the way the looked in the pictures, and most of the ladies in the reviews absolutely raved about them; so I thought I would give them a try.First, the price was less than half of what I paid at the local Victoria Secret's. My girlfriend says since I so fond of her breast, I am responsible for keeping them looking good. (I have absolutely NO PROBLEM with that. LOL!)Long story short, they arrived very quickly, they fit her very very well, and they look GREAT!!!I definitely will be ordering more in many colors. WOOO HOOO!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My 13 yr old son has always been almost impossible to fit. He has always had long legs and a small waist. Pants shopping is a nightmare! We tried skinny jeans but he hated the tight fit in the lower leg. They were a hassle to remove and put on with school gym class.I just got him new jeans and they are finally just right. He's about 110# and 5'6\". I got him these jeans in a 29 waist / 34 inseam. Sadly, I did not buy them on Amazon. Nor at a store - no one seems to carry this combination of measurements in the store. I admit I didn't think to look here, which is surprising since I buy a lot on Amazon. Still, I write this review in the hopes that other parents with my problem will find it helpful to see what fit my son, based on his height and weight"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These were a secret gift for my brother-in-law. He keeps complaining that he must do laundry every other day because he only has one pair of work pants, but then he just will not go get more or let anyone buy him any! So, I got the size off of the one pair of jeans he owns (laundry is at my house) and I bought several other pairs that were similarly worn. I sneak in a new pair about once a week and so far he hasn't noticed that he now has three pair of work pants. When I slip in the new ones, I put them in the dirty clothes hamper he uses.  I wonder if he knows his pants are multiplying yet?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have find it very difficult to find the right bra online, I prefer to go to a store and being measured. But because I'm living in a town with no lingerie stores, sometimes I have no option than to buy online.The material is ok, I'm happy that is doesn't have any padding, BUT the wire is to broad.I'm a 34 DDD (euro size F75), and the wire is coming out of my blouse in the front. The wire continues till under my armpit. That is to wide for me. The cup though is good. I like the color very much and it does wear comfortable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My waist clincher fit perfect  my size I bought xlL  large  the reason I did not want it to be roll up when iI put it on.I stated having. Back pain  and I remember  selling them  for the department  store I worked for.this one is really help  me I. Can wears for a few hours at a. Time for the day and get a whole lot  of relieve . Just  pull up and  go. Also  the bone on the side do not bend . PS you have to buy your right size  too small is not a. Fit. Measure waist  middle section and. Hips. My waist is  36  that is why I got the XL large  so  it  Would  not be rolling down"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this to use under a vintage 1950s gown with a nipped waist. I was sure it would ache immediately but I was able to comfortably wear it for hours, to a wedding, and dance without problem. I liked it so much I've been finding reasons to use it with other dresses as well, and I purchased one in black too.I'm one of those people that is a different size for the waist than the hip, and rather than following the recommendations to go with the larger size (in my case, hip) I ordered the size appropriate for my waist, wanting more control there. Because of this the lower seam tends to roll up, but generally stays put. There are hooks for garters so if you were to use this with thigh high stockings, I'm sure it would take care of the problem with the bottom end rolling up a little."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't like this waist cincher. I bought a size small, I'm 5'9&#34;, 145lbs. Even at my height, the back of the cincher was too long in the back. And because I have a curvy behind, it immediately flipped up at my behind.  It is impossible for this thing to lie smooth if you have junk in the trunk. So in addition to waistline bulges, now I have a fold of power mesh on the top of my rump. It didn't do a good job of pulling me in.  I think it's no better than Flexees. It gives the waistline a very odd shape. I regret buying it. I will still stick with Squeem."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this cincher to wear under a dress in an upcoming wedding I'm attending.  I estimated the size I needed, and ordered a Large.  I'm 5'4&#34; and 170 (and losing!!)  I was nervous at first, because it didn't seem like it would fit, but once I got it on, it fit great!  No struggle to get on either.  I pulled my dress on over it and Voila! The hour-glass shape I was looking for!!  It flattened my belly and pulled in my sides over my hips!!  I'm so happy with the results!!  I kept it on through the evening last night to see how it felt as it settled on my body, and it doesn't seem to shift.  There is a slight amount of rolling on the top, but its really not bad.  I'm very pleased with this undergarment!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This really cinches the waist and gives you the hourglass in an instant. I have an hourglass shape myself, but still needed a cincher to hide the consequences of cookies and other crap called food (tummy and love-handles. I have a training corset, but the corset is too stiff to be able to bend in it (even to drive a car - makes me sit real high in my car as it also works your posture and makes you sit real straight and high, so I feel like I have a real gigantic torso, because normally I like to sit low or sit on my tailbone when I drive). Anyway, this cincher is the bomb. It is firm and shapes you into a real hourglass."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought one of these waist cinchers and its very effective and not too uncomfortable.  An added benefit is that it helps me to remember to sit up straight.  It works well for me, its not the easiest piece of clothing to put on because of each individual hook and eye but once on it stays in place and does its job perfectly. I'm a bit short so this rides a little higher and lower on my than in the picture but that's exactly where I need the support!  SB 5 foot 4 and 140 lbs"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got this cincher for my holiday party dress, but it was awful. My boyfriend didn't like it at all. It cinched me in, but it was too long for my torso and added an extra &#34;curve&#34; where it ended. I didn't look like a better version of myself at all. I ended up not wearing it under the dress and just returned it.I also ordered the Fleece cincher based on reviews some people liked this one better and others that one. Similar issue there. I returned them both."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "All right, let's get right down to it! When it comes down to intimate apparel, there is nothing that captures a man's eyes and imagination as thigh-high stockings. And, the ultimate in sexy thigh-high stockings fishnet stockings - fishnet stockings that look just like this!These soft and sexy stockings wear well, and stay up. So, you don't need to use a garter, but I do recommend one. (I don't believe in understatement in the bedroom.)I highly recommend these sexy stockings to you - or for you men, buy them as a gift!(Review of Lace Top Fishnet Thigh Hi Stockings - by Leg Avenue)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are a fantastic addition to my bedroom collection! I got several versions of leg avenue thigh highs to use with a garter belt. These in particular are very sexy. I haven't had any issue with ripping or snagging or being too loose. You don't have to use a garter, but I'd recommend it because while they do stay up long enough to make an impact, but they don't stay that way for long.And seriously, for the price, they are great. You can barely get a bottle of soda these days for this price. Even if they don't last a lifetime (I've only had mine a few weeks), I won't lose sleep if I need to replace them. As with any delicate item, launder these carefully--hand wash only, and don't scrub madly away as if you're ridding the world of germs.They shipped quickly and were packaged well. I have other items from this company and would order more in future."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm not really a plus-size gal (12/14), but I have chunky thighs and I hate the thigh-high mushroom effect, so I went with plus size just to be safe. No luck - these were incredibly tight and very unflattering. There was also an odd greasy residue on the cardboard insert in the package. Of course you can't return stockings once opened, so now I'm stuck with these useless stockings. They really are pretty to look at draped over a hanger, but if you have large thighs, that's about all they're good for.Fortunately, the capable folks at Sock Avenue were able to help - they recommended Leg Avenue's Plus Size Sheer &#34;Lace Top Stockings with Backseam,&#34; which were, oddly, so much stretchier they were almost too big, which was actually perfect. Now I just wish I knew what to do with these!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is an update to my first review.  The band is showing signs of wear after only a few months.  I am disappointed, but still think it's a decent watch.Original review:  This is a lovely watch that weighs almost nothing and lies flat on the wrist.  I have some very exclusive and expensive watches - but I am wearing this one because it is so comfortable.  The only negative so far - it has come loose a few times.  I think I buckle it properly - maybe it catches on something.  The band has an amazingly silky feel.  Excellent value!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I loved this watch when I first recieved it but I have quite a collection and don't wear any one watch often. Bought this one in July 2012, it is now January 2013 and I've only worn it 3 times. On the 3rd wearing the band came loose from the face and at this point I can only get a partial refund. NOT COOL!! I have one other Skagen that I purchased at the same time (a browm dial) and now I'm almost afraid to wear that one. Like this one, it is thin and nice to look at. I will not even consider another Skagen in the future. Looks and feels like quality, but NOT!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "these are the best bras for a full busted woman.  i wear 36J and had to go up a cup to 36JJ because i am 20 weeks pregnant.  love my panache !  always great coverage.  And wish they were made in a nursing bra!  by the way i have had full busts my whole life and find that panache fits me the best. I dont have a wide back just very large breasts. so the cup always fits well and they are easy on the eye. wear your right size ladies! and you will never look bad!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this bra with hopes based on reviews. Unfortunately, when it arrived, I was disappointed to find that it was not only completely sheer, but had no padding or molded cup. It is not a sexy bra either. It does offer a good deal of support, however. I went by the size chart as I am normally a 40G (north America) and purchased a 40F as per recommendation. Unfortunately the cup was a bit small, but as I live in Canada, return shipping is too expensive. Within an hour of trying on the bra, I went back to look at it, and noticed that the seam in the middle of the cup was already a centimeter unraveled.  But as I did not notice it before I removed the tags, there is nothing that I can do other than to stitch the hole up myself. I feel that I paid too much for a bra with a hole in it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra is extremely comfortable, affordable and pretty too! My only complaint, and the reason for 4 stars is that the straps can't be adjusted very much. Right now as it is I'm at maximum shortening of the straps, so as I wear it and it stretches I can see some adjustments in my future. Nothing my sewing machine can't fix though. All in all I'd recommend to someone like me whose been searching for a comfortable yet pretty bra for their girls (I'm 32GG)."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I really wanted to like this bra. Well, I really wanted it to fit. I have a short torso, so the wires on this bra are simply too long, and poked me in the arm pit as soon as I sat down. If you are petite, this bra might not be the best shape/size for your frame.Despite that issue, the cup size was also a little large - I am typically a G cup, but another site recommends an F for this bra company. I would recommend trying a cup down if you are above a D size.The fabric on the bra is pretty and I love the sheer look. I would have loved to have been able to keep the bra."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the 32K, per size charts... I think the cups run smaller then the size chart states.The bra is made of a rough material, it rubbed my armpits and cleavage raw after only a few hours.The under-wires poked threw after the second wearing. I only hand washed it.The stitching and seems show threw even heavy tee-shirts...The stretchy straps are a bad idea for large breasts...Overall I am not impressed with the quality of this product. I would not recommend it to women with large breasts."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this bra per the product guidelines..I am very large busted, and I thought this would be a good nursing bra--for not having wires.The only thing this bra is good for is for holding nursing pads in overnight.  There's no support--none.  I can't even imagine it would support me if I was smaller, either.  The fabric is fairly decent, but I am surprised at the positive reviews from the larger busted lady reviews on here.  I recommend the Goddess bra, or glamourmom nursing tanks--this bra was seriously a joke!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very comfortable and easy to nurse with. Great support for hospital, around house day and night, not so much for work/going out bc much like a sports-bra in shape (or lack thereof).If this is your first pregnancy, and you'll be nursing, you'll need several nursing bras. Several, because baby daily with spit milk right back at you and you'll be sleeping in them too when your boobs weigh down with milk.  Frankly, it's uncomfortable not wearing a bra.In a nursing bra, one-handed latching/unlatching is important so you can hold baby with the other hand.  This bra has super easy latches.  It's excellent."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra fits great, and is comfortable.  Not \"you won't know you're wearing it\" comfortable, but \"WOW, all this support and I feel fine comfortable.\"The girls get plenty of support, not just north and south, but east and west, too.  They haven't been where they are now for 20 years!  This bra isn't lacy or frou frou, but it is pretty, the the lining does NOT bunch up and have you walking around with the dreaded bosom pleat.  I've never before found a bra with this much support combined with comfort and lining (we're not supposed to have nipples, you know).  I bought it because of the reviews, and I thank the other reviewers because I need look no farther for the perfect bra!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Although the fit was good and the bra itself was comfortable, I returned this bra due to the uncomfortable &#34;buckle&#34; type adjuster on the strap.  I could constantly feel it digging into my shoulder blades.  Since I wear this type of bra all day (not for sports), the straps have to be comfortable.  Instead I'm keeping the Lily of France Sport in Action sports bra.  The straps aren't adjustable but fit fine on me and feel divine compared to the Natori straps."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have loved and worn this style sports bra for years.  When it was time to replace the current crop, I went to my normal bra store, only to discover they were out of it in my size.  On a whim, I checked on Amazon.  They not only had the bra, in my size, but at a cheaper price.  What's not to love?This is a great bra for larger busted women.  It really keeps the girls in place.  And unlike most bras, it doesn't seem to stretch out.  Maybe that's because I don't put them in the dryer.  It also helps that the straps are not elastic.  But there are slots so that they can be adjusted.Fitting note - I find all Natori bras to be true to size.  So, order what you normally wear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this bra for a few years now, and although it is supportive when I run (32DD), I find that it's my last choice and only wear it when my others are in the wash.  The main reason is that it's cotton, and I didn't really think about that when I first bought it.  It's fine in winter, but in the hot humid southern summers, it gets wet and stays that way.  Plus it catches on some shirts because of the fabric not being smooth."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My daughter lives in flip flops during the summer so I wanted to find a pair that was supportive.  Tried Chaco (too heavy) and a Reef Fanning (toe piece hurt) with no luck.  Grabbed my flip  flops that I bought several years ago at REI which were very supportive and comfortable (walked all around Disney last summer on a pouring rain day), and discovered they were Reef slaps.  Found the Slap 2 which has an identical style so I ordered them.  She loves them!  I would like another color but mine are still in great shape after several years' wear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I live in flip flops, but my feet tend to hurt if I walk in them too much, for example in the mall.  However, this is not a problem with my Slap 2's.  Amazing cushiony comfort, it really does feel like walking on a cloud (as one reviewer said).I'm a 6.5 usually, so decided to go with the 6, and I'm glad that I did.  It fits nicely.  The sandal itself looks very durable. What I like most about this product is that my feet does not slide around in the sandal.  It's like it creates a nice little soft (but not too soft) pocket for my feet.  Excellent product!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Reef's for many years. I have a very high arch and narrow foot so it can be a challenge to find a snug enough fit. These sandals envelope my foot and embed it far enough that it gives great support. The arch is superior to any Reef sandal I've tried. They are not too light and therefore are more durable. While I only wear these indoors as a house slipper, I am sure they would be comfortable walking over most road surfaces, including gravel.  I don't suggest that this sandal is only for narrow feet. Through repeated wearings they have grown much looser on my foot, but that is what I have grown to expect considering most sandals are made for and average size feet. I highly recommend these sandals."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these for their support and comfort. I (sadly) just can't wear the tiny cutesy flip flops any more. But I don't care bcs I LOVE these. They do run small so order a size up. ln my opinion, this style has the best/cushy heal . Some others have a hard heal, which I do not recommend. My first pair has last 6 years and I wear them almost daily (I live in FL) and the tread on the bottom is still good but the front toe portion has separated. Worth the cost for sure."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've previously had the Fannings and loved them. I thought since it was the same company that makes these they'd be very similar. I was very disappointed to learn that was not the case. These state they're medium and I've never had an issue with a 7M before, however, when I try to slide my foot in the back strap near the heel is too narrow and cuts into my arch. It's extremely uncomfortable and I had to return them due to the discomfort.I should have just stuck with what I'm used to. I knew the Fannings were comfortable and I these looked so similar I thought I'd give them a try. Even from looking at the photo of these the straps don't look like they're squeezing the foot but either I received an item that was put together wrong or the shoe is the photo is just better.I hate complaining and returning but I really had no choice on these. Looks like everyone else has had success."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my husband for a snorkeling trip. These are his favorite shoes. Even after walking in water, the feet immediately feel dry once out of the water. They never smell, which is different from other water sandals. The toes are secure, the bottoms heavy and well made, and the inner cord is easily adjusted to provide a good fit. Even after getting them dirty with mud, they wash off easily with water and look like new. He even wears them with socks now that the weather is colder. A very well-made shoe/sandal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great sandal. I got to replace some aqua socks I've had for years that fell apart while at a water park.  These are super comfortable and can easily be work with the heel strap on or off. Look kinda clunky, but that's the idea.  Love the toe protection, which has saved me many times. I would definitely get again.UPDATE 5/14/13 - Just came back from Maui and these were awesome. Really helpful to have on at the hot beaches and able to navigate the lava rocks.  No separated toe injury from \"sandal syndrome\" either.  These were my go to shoe for the trip and best comfort. Highly recommend!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my hubby after raving about my own for months - I took a punt and based my hubby's size using the EUR sizing to match with current shoes and sandals he has and  ' shazam ' I had a win ... I've been wearing these in a Big Kid size 6 because it's a 39 but nice and wide for me and they cost less so I have them in about 6 different colors - WASSA (the hubby) loves them we wear them walking the dogs cause we usually end up in the water at the beach or in the creek and he thinks they're perfect - I get the one's with the closed in heel for myself,  I'm a little paranoid about cutting my feet on rocks and coral which can end up in an ugly infection ... really really comfy and you just can't kill 'em - throw them in the washer or a bucket with soap to freshen if they get a bit on the nose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love Keens!  And this sandal is no exception.  Purchased these for my husband and the fit and style is great. They're comfortable and rugged.  I ordered the India Ink/Rust color combo because they were the cheapest, but was so pleasantly surprised.  They look much better in person than on the website!!!  If I were looking at them in a store and had choices for the same price, I still would pick this color combo.  If you haven't worn Keens before, they're a must..."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I originally purchased this sandal with the intent of doing some light hiking and river-rafting.  The sandal held up remarkably well!  The only reason I haven't given this five stars is because when wearing this sandal barefoot, the inside of the arch-supports have a little nodule that rubbed uncomfortably against my feet.  HOWEVER - I have extremely flat feet, so maybe it's me and not the sandal.  I would still recommend this footwear, as it is tough enough to hike in, and comfortable enough to get wet in.Pros:- Tough, rugged, versatile- Stylish- Great Value (I paid $64, retails for $80)- Sizes for all (I wear a 15)- Closed toe (no more stubby-stabby!)- Good tread for hiking- Easy elastic and clamp tiesCons:- Rough spot on the inside arches- Sizes run about 1/2 large"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's hard to order shoes online without trying them on.  I'm a consistent size 8, so it doesn't scare me too much.  The seller recommended going up a half a size from what you normally wear, so I did.  I must say that I'm glad I did!  These fit perfectly!  Not saying that an 8 would have been too small, but the 8.5 fits perfectly.  These are easy to get on, using the loop in the back, and &#34;lace&#34; up quickly and easily.  These are easily the most comfortable shoes out of the box that I've ever bought.  They are thickly padded, have toe-protection, and don't look as clunky as the pictures in person.  So far, highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted to have a kipling bag because it is light and comfortable. I love this mini purse it has a strong zipper my medical things fits perfectly. I sent out for the wallet can't wait to receive it. I recommend this purse for people with back or heart problems it is lightweighted comfortable, washable. I believe I will have it for a longgggggggggggg time. It is worth the price.UpdateMy kipling purse has cost sensation at my job. Everyone loves it. I sewed velcro at both sides I write this suggestion for the company to know, it looks even cuter with both sides closed with velcro. My friends now want to have a kipling purse.  It is durable, waterproof, washable. I love my purse.  I would like to know where you get the names for the monkey. I would love to have a monkey with my name Marilyn."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Jockey makes the best panties, especially the tactel line. Received my first pair of the hi cut and the first thing i did was try them on to see if the stretcth, smooth, soft feel was the same as the string bikini. Dead on with size and comfort. i'm 6 feet with a 36 waist and the size 5 is my favorite. Very sexy looking and the fabric holds me in better than any panty. The support is fantastic. The only thing i would change is lower the backside 1-2 inches. With the comfort and fit of this panty,a minor complaint. I'll be buying these in every color. Love them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "yeah, I gave my husband a man bag.  He only uses it when we travel (hides it in the car as he won't admit to needing one).  He does like it, great for the cell phone, car keys, wallet iPod etc that he needs to keep track of.  It has a military look which he preferred, but the canvas that the bag is made out of is very thin, I don't think it could take much abuse.  And that's why it gets 4 stars instead of 5.  At least I no longer have to lug his stuff in my purse!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The backing of the bag that gives its nice shape is made of some kind of wood or other hard material or cardboard.  I was excited to get a \"man purse\" to carry my cell phones instead of attaching them to my belt.  I placed the phones and tried to close the snap button but the backing broke.  It cracked.  I didn't even use the bag yet and the backing cracked in half.  The backing could not even withstand pressure applied to close the snap buttons.  What a major disappointment.  They couldn't make it out of something less brittle?  Useless."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This item is made from a loosely woven fabric and does not in any way resemble the durable military messenger/map pouches.  The strap is narrow, which would cut into the shoulders, too short, and also constructed of a low thread count weave.  This is not recommended for much of anything.  I left it sitting on the table on my patio for two days, and upon moving it, found that in this short space of time, the sunlight had bleached the exposed part several shades lighter to a yellowish tone.  The bang is now two toned.  Since the material is so low grade, I can't even cut it up for scraps.  It is going into the trash can."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I own at least 5 or 6 golf visors.  I bought this one because I am constantly in search of a more comfortable one.  This one had such great reviews I felt that this must be super comfortable - NOT!!  No Headache Visor?  YES, BIG headache!!  By about the 4th hole it felt like my head was in a vise.  I guess I always thought I had an average sized head, and no one has ever told me otherwise, but maybe not?  All I know is that I've never had another visor, or any other hat for that matter, fit as tightly as this visor - this thing was just plain awful!  I won't be wearing it again!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Finally, finally, finally a strapless bra that is still where I put it on  when I take it off as long as 9 - 10 hours later.  I have never owned a strapless bra that did not, quickly or within 2 hours end up at my waistline unless I was continually tugging, pulling and wiggling it up to where it was meant to be.  It does not slide sideways either, I have had some that actually turned sideways unless I cinched them up to the point that breathing was a difficulty.  This bra is also comfy and has a good amount of cushion for softness.The fit is very true.  Wash in cold water and hang up to dry.  I am considering ordering another on just because it has taken me 40 years to find one that really works, I am worried it will disappear and I will not be able to get another one."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Well I love Dickie's stuff, so I'm biased. Hey, their work clothes hold their shape without ironing, they are water resistant, stain resistant, don't tear easily, and are not expensive. I needed this for my job which requires black or white shirt and I needed long sleeves to cover my tattoos. I am not tall, and my arms aren't that long, but these sleeves were actually perfect for me. I can't say that about most XL button downs I have with long sleeves. I can actually wear a large but I like my work shirts a bit loose so I can move around better without untucking the thing. It is long so stays tucked in pretty good. For wearing untucked it's a bit long but okay enough. I will order more of these just to wear to go to dog park, or even go out swing dancing watching my friend's rockabilly bands."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i got the short sleeve shirts in med. they fit great but the long sleeves seem to be a little bigger around the body. i like the arm length tho some people complain on how short they are but you need to know these are not dress shirts they are WORK shirts so it makes sense to me that the sleeves are tad short. i will try washing it and see if it shrinks if not then i guess this will become a camping shirtalso remember not to get the brown color or else you will look like a UPS delivery guy lol!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear these shirts for my job (they are given to us, and must be tucked in when worn) and I would love to meet the person who decided these were long enough to be tucked in and that the enormous fit around the stomach area was appropriate. They come untucked way too easily and the bunched up look in the waist when tucked in is unavoidable unless you're very fat... it looks sloppy.If they made these in a slimmer fit or athletic fit and with a longer tail I would buy a lot of them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i absolutely love these shirts for work and for play. i am 5'10\" 185lbs and on the muscular/beefy side and i wear a medium. everything else in the world, i wear a large. even the t shirt under my Dickies shirt (that i am wearing as we speak) is a large. i never need to iron these shirts and they look great and hold up well for the ship work, construction work, and office work that i do. if Dickies could get their sizing more consistent i would buy more of their products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love Dickies products. They fit nicely, look good and, most importantly, last a long time due to the rugged construction. I only wear short-sleeved shirts because I'm always hot. The shirt and the color are perfect for me to wear in my business casual work environment. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because, when you take it out of the plastic bag that it comes in, it has a pesticide smell to it. You really have to wash it before wearing to get rid of the smell. But, I do understand why they treat the shirts with the pesticide, it sure beats the alternative."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband really likes these shirts, so they must be comfy.  However he said the second one I ordered for him was a little bit smaller than the first even though I ordered the same size.  He says it still fits him, but I know how picky he is and I'm hoping it doesn't end up at the back of his closet like most do.  I should ad that with these shirts - I do not have to iron them!Update:  So far he is wearing all of the shirts, these are his favorite.  Also the sizing is on the larger side, for this brand we ordered one size down from his usual and I should point out he only likes a 'relaxed' style shirt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "While it takes a good 4 or 5 washes to soften up, I am very pleased with these pants. They have a nice wide leg opening so they have room to breath, room to bend, while I don't work anymore, if I did these would be great work pants because you can move around easily in them and the knees are reinforced both great qualities for trades people. My only complaints would be that the front pockets are cut at a slant that if you lay down in them or even sitting in the car your change/keys fall out of your pockets. The other complaint is that they come with a crease in them and while the crease came out after several washes and a few passes with an iron, I don't see the need for the crease in work pants. Otherwise I would highly recommend these to anyone looking to put forth a little effort to get a great pair of work pants that I think will last quite a whle."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased two pairs of these Dickies Men's Loose Fit Double Knee Work pants in different colors for family members at home who needed new work pants.  They requested the size they needed and I placed the order.  They are very impressed with the fit, comfort, and quality of these pants which are excellent.  Although there are so many different types of Dickies (different styles, quality, and colors), to choose from on the Amazon website, these pants are very impressive.  The seller has advertised these pants with a complete and accurate description. The delivery was very fast, the packaging was excellent.  All the men in my family who have ordered these Dickies pants are enjoying their purchase, they are happy, impressed, and would recommend these pants to others who would be interested in a great quality work pants.  The price is reasonable, they come in an array of various colors, and I plan to purchase more in the near future."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Compared to other dickies products in the same size, these overall's run a little more snug around the waist. I know they're intended more for work use, but i bought them as a sort of funky/quirky piece to wear around casually. I've got pretty normal proportions, but the legs felt like circus tents and the waist was slimmer than expected. I wanted to love these as they seemed like a fun idea, but unless you're looking to do some fitting modifications I'd say look elsewhere."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This thing keeps me very warm.  The only real tiff with it is that it keeps me a bit too warm.  Right now it is 20 degrees or so in the morning here in Washington state king county and this does a very good job of keeping me warm.  Another thing is that the inside of the jacket is very, well I am not sure how to say it, lose.  When I get sweaty (from this thing keeping me warm) it sticks to me.  BUT, this is exactly why I bought it, to keep me warm.  And I would rather be TOO warm in 20 degree weather than too cold because the jacket doesn't work....just that it sticks to me when I sweat....I want to give it a 4.5 stars but it is in whole stars and not half..."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This jacket is a good quality heavy water resistant shell, which I find is better for me when used as a basis for layering than as a stand alone jacket.I live in the wet Pacific Northwest, and this jacket works great for fall/winter wear if mixed and matched with different weights of additional shirts/sweaters/hoodies etc.The body of the jacket is lined with fleece, the arms with a lightly padded nylon. I usually pair it with theDickies Men's Brawny Flannel Overshirtand a sweat shirt, which is a perfect combination for our changeable weather.The ability to tighten the bottom and hood of the jacket is quite helpful in a driving rain or strong wind. If you spend a lot of time outdoors, like I do, and engage in active sports or chores/work this jacket can be a useful and practical addition to your wardrobe."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the best pair of jeans I've owned in a very many years, and in every respect. The cut is ideal and handles my not-quite-slim gut while giving my leg a slim look. The denim is a real heavy weight that feels great on the legs. The pockets look good and are well sized. The jeans cold wash well. I hang them dry and they take quite a while. They've really made me feel more confident about how I look. Nice surprise given I never heard of the brand before."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I used to wear Levi's, then switched to Lee jeans years ago. Used to buy Lee Jeans at Mervyns (great sale prices). Now that Mervyn's is out of business and I need to replace aging Jeans.I gave these a try based on the reviews here. Fit is very good. (I'm slender 6' 160lbs) Jean material is thick, overall well made. I have bought 2 pairs now. (Dk stone and stone wash). Very happy with these jeans.. I will buy more before the holiday sale ends.Update: 4-20-12. I have 6 pairs now. They have held up very well for 6 months washing and drying. Quality is as good or better than Levi's or Lee jeans. Material is definitely thicker than both. PRICE is fantastic at ~$25. I only wish they had 31\" waist which fits me a little better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I go thru allot of jeans. I am always looking for jeans, the knees wear thru quickly, and work says no ripped or torn jeans allowed. Carhart is supposed to be the big name in hard working clothes, so I paid the extra money to try some out. They fit great, and seem fairly well built, but, the denim is so thin. I have bought rustlers from a dept store for less than half the price, that have denim twice as thick and strong. So far these have held up, but are showing signs of wear already, I don't see then lasting as long as other jeans I purchased for less money. When I ordered these I also ordered two pairs of dickies jeans. Dickies are cheaper and unless I look at the label I can't tell the difference. Both are really thin denim."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was so disappointed with these jeans.  I got them tried them on and thought these are what I have been waiting on.  I desired to have a pair of carpenter type of jeans tha tkept their shape for at lease longer than a day.  The day I put these jeans on, I was so excited about reaching my goal.  Well, I was totally surprised when on the day of putting these pants on, that within four hours theses pants are 'bigger and longer&#34;.  This is what I did not want at all. I thought trying this brand would remedy the problem that I have with other brands with this type of jeans.  Would I buy them again-NO! NO! NO!.  The process of the delivery of the jeans to my home was great without any problems or complications."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Carhartt makes some of the best quality clothing for men, which generally is considered &#34;work-wear&#34;.  By far one of the leaders in this area. In this case the t-shirt is well made and fits appropriately. This is not some fashion fitting item, its a product designed to fit but to allow freedom of movement and comfort. You can't go wrong buying this if you are looking for tough, comfortable and well made clothing for work/leisure/ or whatever. I always look to Carhartt for tough well made clothes that are # 1 in quality."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered two of these Carhartt long sleeve shirts, one in \"Ash\" color, the other \"Navy\" blue. I've had some trouble finding real cotton long sleeve T-shirts (I mean NOT cotton/algodon which is thin and rough feeling) the reason I bought them at Amazon was I've returned so many bought at JCP and Macy and thought I read the description to trust Amazon. ok, the shirts arrived and right away I notice the Ash shirt has that rough feel. Each is made in another country, the Ash is marked 99% cotton and made in Dominican Republic; the blue one is 100% cotton made in Honduras. The Ash shirt shrunk in the first wash so much the sleeves are too short to wear it unless I push up the sleeve. The Blue shirt is fine quality shirt all around. So I'm saying be careful...we just don't know nowdays what we will get for our money."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A Great light layer. Perfect for rainy weather. LOVE the color and the side vents. You can stuff the whole jacket into the hand pocket. But the jacket is so lightweight, I think for packing it takes up less room laying flat. Love it.Update: I have had this for awhile now and have one issue. The zippers under each arm for the side vents are ripping out.I didn't notice it at first, but then I felt it. They are coming through the sleeve fabric and making holes. On both arms.I love this coat, so this a bummer. So I dropped from 5 stars to 3."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Sadly I left my Marmot lime-ish green raincoat at some beachy eatery this past spring.  I had loved it for two years and even bought one in another color as well.  I could not help but want to replace it. I tried three different Marmot green precip jackets ( and two other brands' green rain jackets as well) before my Marmot Green Envy arrived.  The shade is  a bit too intense, but it comes closest to the color of my lost two-year-old one, as neither Grass nor Bright Grass did.  My main complaint is that the colors shown online were different than the reality--and even different on my laptop and iPad.  So good luck-- but this is a great raincoat which my beach living allows me to use most of the year."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A friend told me these are the most comfortable undershorts ever so I ordered a pair. They were not cheap but they are ridiculously comfortable. Wearing them all day on planes and in airports last week I never noticed i was wearing them. They didn't bind, ride up, get bunched, or anything else that normal boxers would. I recommend these to ANYONE of ANY weight who finds current men's underwear uncomfortable. I have always used the briefs versus the boxers but I thought I would try these. THey are made the same but not quite as comfortable. Still worthy of 5 stars versus any other version but I would go with the briefs. FYI, I ALWAYS have preferred boxer shorts, so even if you prefer boxer shorts you may want to try the briefs version or you will miss out on some of the great comfort."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these for my husband to play golf in (he's a boxer lover and not boxer-briefs) The photo on the model doesn't accurately show it these fit my husband (looser around the thighs and he's got muscular thighs). He wore them one day and has asked me to order enough to throw out ALL of his old boxers from different brands. Super light weight, feels great against his skin, wicks sweat, keeps him cool. He's a 36-38 waist and I got him a Large."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Being well endowed,I have a hard time finding boxers that fit just right.These boxers go on smooth,you can hang loose without falling out,yet it gives you room to grow if need be,also I like the back,just hugs the butt just enough yet stays loose. It feels like your wearing \"bear\"ly nothing.You can sleep in these,if you wish,(won't ride up),lounge and exercise in them.Being hairy,I noticed the white and lite colours boxers,there is some see thru.Also,they do not stick to the skin and living here in the South,we sweat so odor is wicked away.Can wear under shorts and dress/causal pants,jeans with ease. Highly recommend these boxers."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ive tried many different types of boxers/boxer briefs, these are amazing. After 6 months neither pair has any sign of wear or waist elastic becoming loose or frayed - they appear brand new. VERY cool, comfortable, and they DONT RIDE UP. Super easy to wash in sink and dry really fast. I just bought 2 more pairs so I have 4 different colors. I will never buy any other type of underwear again, without a doubt. Theyre pricey for boxers but their comfort and durability and versatility are absolutely 100% worth it.The fact that I took the time to write a review about a pair of boxers says something in itself as to how great they are."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So I started CrossFit and quickly found my standard hanes boxers were a no-go. They'd rip in a deep squat, they would bunch up very fast (choking my thighs, bunching up on my butt only getting tighter in the front and baggier in the back as I progressed) and I started looking on some online CrossFit communities for a better option. Enter these boxer briefs... while I never thought I'd pay 20$ for a single pair of underwear... they are well worth every cent. They give, they breathe, they are snug but not uncomfortable. I also purchased a similar product made by Adidas and love them both equally. Both are now part of my regular fitness gear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought a few of these Give-n-Go Briefs for my fianc&eacute;, We were a bit uneasy about size but we went with the (MEDIUM) and that was perfect. We were planning a hiking trip and it was going to be sunny and hot and it was! He wore these briefs the whole trip. They are super easy to wash ring and let air dry, in about 15 min depending on your environment The material is lightweight and very flexible with a sturdy waist band. Even after the trip was over they have proven to work at keeping the area dry and comfortable while doing everyday sweaty tasks. They were a great buy and soon we will add more until thats all the drawer will have."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I can't add much to the overwhelmingly positive reviews. These are the most comfortable underwear, quickest drying, stay dry, easy to clean, least smelling pairs I've had.They would actually make a great gift because a lot of guys probably will not spend this much for a pair, although I am just mad I didn't sooner. But because of that, think about it. The packaging is nice also and gives a lot of info on why they are so great. So treat yourself or someone who deserves a great item."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted to try out the boxer briefs since I was starting to get tired of the issues related to boxers alone.  I got these and another brand on here and man did that change my way of thinking.  I love these boxer briefs.  They are comfortable, plenty of support, and look good too!  I bought 3 more pairs just 1 week after wearing these.  I highly recommend these.  I will probably buy some more so that I have a pair for each day of the week!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a 6' 250lb man with a bootie of a dancer. It is a bubble butt. Whitey-tighties are too uncomfortable and boxers just don't work. These boxer-briefs feel amazing.I purchased two pairs for a two week long hike on the Appalachian Trail. They were exceptional. Not just did they fit perfectly without bunching up, but they kept dry and werent stinky. A quick rinse in the creek and then left to hang on a branch/rope overnight and they were good to go in the morning.I purchased another 5 when I got back home and these are now my everyday boxer-briefs.After 6+months of use they will loosen up and start to bunch, so they arent forever-wear; but they are the best and I highly recommend them for men with bubble butts who want comfort."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Sizing: I'm 6'3, 220, 37 waist.  The large seems to be too big. They are little loose like boxers, especially in the crotch.  For $18, I would not go this route again.  Hanes sport boxer briefs at the store are about $3 cheaper and fit a whole lot better.  These exofficios also ride up the leg with general wear.Drying:  I did try out the speedy wash/dry.  Yes, they dry quickly.  This is a bonus; however, I have not compared this to other makes with the same general material. Is it really that special?  I don't know, maybe I am missing something.  But these boxer briefs don't seem to be worth the money I paid."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I used to wear American Apparel, worked for a while but noticed they ran a little hot and shrunk over time. These boxers are free of both issues, dry quick, don't ride up/bunch/wedge and are super light. These are perfect day to day, don't let the travel marketing deter you.I've replaced 80% of my underwear line up with these over time and don't regret it one bit. If you can get them directly on Amazon with free shipping its cheaper by $5+ than anywhere else online/retail."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Worth every penny, especially if you wait for them to go on sale.  Try one pair to start, because they may not be your thing, but I find they give slight support and chaffing protection both while wearing slacks and blue jeans.  The waist band of many other brands has been a problem for me in the past, but these have given me only minor comfort issues, usually revolving around the rise of my slacks or jeans coupled with my belt while sitting down.  The only way to avoid this completely is to have them painted on I think.  Have not tested their extreme adventure utility yet, but they have served me well on a trip back home to see the parents, and the packability made them easy to get into a crowded carry on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Im very happy with my order and I wear these more than any other kind of mens boxer briefs. I bought two pair and will buy more. They are very comfortable, light weight but also snug. They hold up in all the right parts. They also have triple stitching around the waist band which other brands don't have and tend to rip after a few wears. These hold up great around the waist due to the way their sewn in the waist. I do not dry these in a dryer with heat after wash, I have found that they keep their color and newness longer that way. I recommend these boxer briefs above all othersThe company is great too, the seller replaced a missing pair that was never delivered to me or lost in the mail without any problems. So I highly recommend them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "positives - seems great quality, looks like it will last a long time, washes easily, great to use as workout briefs... but I wouldn't go so far as the say like some people I'll buy a bunch and have them as my daily go-tos.negatives - came with a single loop of elastic coming out from it... I decided not to cut it. hopefully this doesn't unravel some of the elastic lining at the top. Also, the material wasn't quite as I expected as it looks in the pictures. I was expecting it to be a little more smooth, but this still isn't bad at all."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I feel silly reviewing underwear, but there you go... this product deserves the praise.  I used to wear cotton knit boxers all the time, but I got tired of them riding up (and having to pull them out of my crotch all the time, causing embarrassing scenes) and getting hot and muggy down there due to the cotton material.  Enter the Give-N-Go Boxer Briefs!They ride in place, no riding up.  They stretch and conform to shape comfortably.  They do NOT hold moisture or odor.  Yes, the price is a bit steep for underwear, and I initially only bought two pairs.  After wearing them for a few days, I immediately ordered five more.  Now I've got one for each day of the week!  :-)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The idea is that you can take a couple pairs of these and wear one while you wash the other in a sink, minimizing the underwear you have to bring on a trip. The problem is that they don't feel that comfortable. There is little to not support, and they feel sort of scratchy on my skin. I always know they are there.Underwear doesn't take that much space so when packing it isn't a problem to take a few extra, and honestly my Under Armour does not wash inferiorly."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Underwear seems to be one of the more individualistic and difficult products for a man to buy.  I had been using a Fruit Of The Loom model of Boxer Briefs for years but when it came time to replace then they were no longer available.  I have tried at least 5 different brands and these seem to be the best fit for me.  Even though (I think) I have a 31 inch waist I ordered a size small and the fit is perfect for my body.  The legs are snug and the waist is just right.  The fabric is very soft and a little sheer but it seems to hold up well.  The legs never stretch out - I tried wearing them on a recent trip to Asia (24 hours door to door) and they never lost their shape plus they were extremely comfortable.  The bottom line is I have found my new brand and model of Boxer Briefs = so far I've bought 22 pair :-) but then again I'm a little OCD."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These underwear are absolutely the best!  I have tried a number of athletic boxer briefs, but these are my favorite.  They stay cool and dry in our hot AZ summers.  They breath well and don't turn into a swamp.  They are comfortable and fit great.  I have a 32\" waist and the small fits great.  The elastic does not roll like some of my Champion boxer briefs and there is minimal bunching or riding up.  I just wish they were a little cheaper, but they are worth it.  I buy a couple at a time until I can phase out my old boxer briefs.  Try a pair and you will never want to wear anything else."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I usually prefer the compression shorts type boxer brief, but they can be rather suffocating for my nether bits- so I decided to try something a bit more breathable. I have two pairs of the regular Exoficcio boxers and I love them, but I do like a tight fit when wearing jeans so I picked up a pair of these to try out. They ride up a lot, I'm constantly adjusting them all day long when I wear them. It gets old, real fast. I don't think they would have this problem if they were a bit longer on the thighs and slightly tighter. As they are now, they are too short to keep a good hold on your thighs so they tent to ride up during daily movement. I'm not unhappy with the purchase, and I do still wear them on occasion, but I think they could have been designed better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got tired of hearing my boyfriend complain of never having clean underwear so as a sorta gag gift I got him a variety of different brands. So for a week he was getting underwear from amazon with a gift note&#8230; it made for an amusing week of texts. But he did fall in love with the ExOfficio. He loved the fabric and I end up buying him more because I&#8217;m just awesome like that (and because he seemed to only wear one pair&#8230;) So I will recommend them on his behalf."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are, by far, the best underwear on the planet. They stretch and breathe better than anything Under Armour or Nike make. You can wash them in a sink, and they dry in a few hours. They are also very, very resistant to any odor accumulation.They are almost indestructible. I've had a couple of pairs for a few years, which I workout in every day. I stretch and squat with them, which normal cotton underwear just ripped after a couple of months. They are also more comfortable because they do stretch so easily.They're expensive, but they're worth it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "definitely the best underwear I have ever owned. I have tried soooooo many different styles and pairs. I have been hunting for the perfect fit, comfortable waist, something that doesn't ride up the back or the crotch, gives adequate cup support and is ventilated.  This might be the miracle undergarment.  Plus, they actually do dry quickly. I travel light and have actually washed them in the sink. By morning . . . . clean and dry! These have replaced my everyday wear. I don't wear these to the gym, as I prefer something with even more cup support, but for a light workout, these would be great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought two pairs of these.  Size small, I'm 5'7&#34;, waist 32&#34;.  The fit is good, but I feel like the Under Armour boxerjocks offer much better compression.  Just a tight feel all around.  The problem with both is that they make me hot.  It's hard to wear these on a regular basis because they don't offer the breathing room like regular boxers do.  I was hoping that these ExOfficio boxers were a little &#34;cooler&#34;, but they were not.  I'll be wearing these to play sports, but not for daily use."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are great boxers, they dry quickly, are a nice color, look great and seem like they will last along time. I really appreciate the fact that they can dry super quick and that a travel overseas will not be hampered by too many undergarments. I deducted one star due to the fact that they are a bit abrasive. A bit... not in a really bad way, but when one is used to really soft and comforting cotton, these seem a little bit more unrefined... and couple that with the very high cost... I deduct one star. I would and will purchase more of these, they are super for travel."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Received these briefs and they came as advertised.  They seem well constructed and fit real nice.  Very good fit and comfortable in comparison to the 100% cotton boxer briefs I now wear.  I like how light and breathable they are for sure.The big test happens next month on my Germany Journey.  I am only going to take the 4 with me for a 10 day trip.  I will hand wash every other day or so, what I need as I am only going to pack a carry on bag for the trip.  I am taking sports t's to wear under my polo shirts and will do the same, thus saving more room and weight.So far they look like they will do a good job.  If anything changes on the trip, I will update.  So far 5 star. But if they work as well as I think they will I might just say goodbye to the old cotton boxer briefs!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't find the boxer briefs particularly comfortable.  The angled seams are irritating. I can't speak to the usual, &#34;you can wear them for an extended period&#34;, portion of other reviews as I find them so uncomfortable that I can't keep them on for longer than 30 minutes.  The build quality it good, I don't find the material particulary soft and comfortable either.  The fit is good as well.I won't take them down below 3 stars as each body is different."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've got to say, I never thought as a jeans and work-shirt kind of a guy I'd get all excited about some new underwear, but here I am writing a glowing review!These are the best undershorts ever!I've been a Fruit-of-the-loom kind of a guy for 50 years.  Saw these as a lightning Deal and bought four pair.  Now these are my go-to shorts!  Spendy?  Yup, but worth every penny.  Fast washing and drying.  Can sink-wash them and hang them over the shower-rod and they will be completely dry by morning.  Super comfortable, great waistband.I like these so much, I've added them to my wishlist too!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was hesitant to purchase these because of the price until I saw all of the reviews.  What made me look for these in the first place was when I noticed my husband's underwear had several holes and when I asked why he wasn't throwing them out he said he liked to wear them while working on the yard b/c he sweats so much and it helps to have the ventilation!  So I found these and decided to give them a try.  He loves them, and asked for more.  He sweats a lot and they keep him from getting chafed and chapped.  They wash well and are dry in just a few minutes so I don't have to put the in the dryer.  Great product!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "5'6 143 lbs, 30 in. waist.  Small fits well.  Not quite as much support as a brief but certainly acceptable.  Material is excellent at breathing/wicking and doesn't turn your backside into swamp### if you end up sweating a lot.I machine wash cold, gentle/delicate cycle, basic detergent, and then air dry.  You can wrap these in a towel or put them into the dryer on low heat+gentle if you need them asap.They seem to hold up well & I continually buy a few pairs at a time to pretend they don't cost much.  I won't go back to cotton."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Recently purchased this product, and I am satisfied withe the quality of this product. Here's a break down of the pros and cons. One of the best pairs of brief I own and I would say it's arguably better than most Calvin Klein briefs and other competitors.Pros:-Highly comfortable-Durable material-Material maintains it's consistency, shape, and tightness. Doesn't loosen after washing or change in any way.-Quick-drying-Length is perfect-Waist band is comfortable doesn't squeeze or irritate at all.-Smooth durable materialCons:- If there is any, you could argue the price for one pair is a bit high, that's for you to decide.Conclusion: I certainly recommend this product, it's just a very well made product. This product does stand out, it's not like the other products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Years ago these were the best briefs you could buy.  I ordered several packs. So far I have thrown away about one third of the briefs.  Some fit perfectly.  The ones I have thrown out have had the following problems.  About three had the elastic in the leg section so tight I could hardly get them on.  Four had the elastic stretch out within minutes like I was wearing bloomers. A couple seemed to be a smaller size than the rest.Apparently these are made without attention to consistent quality.  Needless to say I won't be purchasing these again.  I guess I'll have to go back to buying Fruit of the Loom.  I don't throw as many of those out and they are much cheaper.  If anyone knows of a good pouch brief out there please let me know."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Take care of it. I've never had a shoe tree before. It's awesome. As time passes my feet have gotten wider. This means my long time shoes need a little help ( I  have a bunion on one foot) for me to keep enjoying them. These Woodlore  Adjustable Shoe Trees seem to be made well, especially compared to a plastic counterpart. It makes cleaning and appreciating my shoes easier, plus the cedar helps shoes smell good.  I've already bought another shoe tree for a pair of lovely boots. Take care of your shoes so they take care of you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am 8 1/2 D, and I got the medium size. It fits well. There is a size chart printed on the box, that doesn't correspond to any of the charts on Woodlore's web site. However, I found a chart in the description for the Allen Edmunds shoe tree that is the same as the one on my box (AE makes Woodlore shoe trees). You can find it here:http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/shoes/email/MensCombinationShoeTree.gifIf you have a narrow or wide shoe, it's a lot more accurate.This is a great shoe tree at a great price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these trees and thought they were great at first, They function and fit my size 11-13 shoes and boots perfectly, and they're very easy to use.The only problem is the lack of cedar smell. I ordered FootFitter shoe trees a couple of weeks after these, and the FootFitters are just better all around. The pull-cord feels more sturdy, and the function seems easier, but most importantly, the foot fitters SMELL like cedar.There is a night-and-day difference between the two in terms of smell. So if you're looking for true cedar shoe trees that absorb moisture and leaves your shoes smelling fresh, go for the less-popular FootFitters for the same price (the FootFitters were actually cheaper than the Woodlores when I ordered the second time around/)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A clasically-styled and introverted album, Memory of Trees is a masterpiece of subtlety.  Many of the songs have an endearing shyness to them - soft piano and a lovely, quiet voice.  But within every introvert is an inferno, and Enya lets that fire explode on a couple of songs that absolutely burst with an expected raw power.If you've never heard Enya before, you might want to start with one of her more popularized works, like Watermark, just to play it safe.  But if you're already a fan, then your collection is not complete without this beautiful work of musical art."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the third review of an irish album I write today (the others were Cranberries) and now I'm sure about that Ireland is one of the countries producing the best music in the world. And not just commercial pop-music in the Spice Girls way. Okay, I just wanted to say something about Irish  music. Now let's say something about this album. It's great. it's  beautiful. Very good, easy listened music. If you like Enya or you just  want some easy-listened relaxing music. This is the album for you to buy!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively \"Anywhere Is\", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, \"China Roses\" is the most delicately crafted song. However, \"Once You Had Gold\" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. \"On My Way Home\" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Enya is in a class all by herself.  She envokes feelings and images that take you out of reality.  So many others have copied her sound (ala James Horner in TITANIC) that it's easy to see how much of an influence she has been.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a classic album.  From the emotional first track instrumental to the enchanting &quot;On My Way Home&quot;, Enya has created a pallete of wonderful pastimes and tragic metaphores here.  Yes, I would consider this pop/new age music.  And there's nothing wrong with that.  There are a number of people that don't like Enya.  There are jokes on South Park about her.  And that's good.  It shows how much of a musical force she is.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a good collection of material from a very important artist, who I hope will never give up her love of music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In high school \"Stroke You Up\" was the jam, so I went downtown and bought the cassette. Let me tell you something: It took me 2 days to listen to it because it was utterly boring. Even \"Stroke You Up\" became unbearable to listen to. No funk, no groove- just lukewarm soul. That was the first *and* the last time I listened to \"Changing Faces.\" The two chicks who made up \"Changing Faces\" had airy, monotonous vocals- no edge to their voices at all. Even the album cover looked boring. These chicks had no style or any type of pizzazz at all. Skip this at all costs and get Zhane."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album was released during an era where slow jams were in and giving up-tempo R&B flavor a try was also in. Like many of their counterparts during that time, the pretty ladies of Changing Faces needed to realize their strength in ballads and avoided trying any up-tempo material. However, there are a couple of good tunes on this album, particularly the slow jam, \"All Is Not Gone\", where sorrow and regret serves as a theme for a song that was definitely written with the intent of winning over ones with heartbreaks in their history. R. Kelly-produced hit \"Stroke You Up\" was a radio smash, but the lyrics weren't exactly poetic or articulate. But, it's still a popular track that may bring back some old school nostalgia for some of you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Changing Faces' recording career was off to a good start with this self-titled debut album. The name Changing Faces alluded to changing trends in 1990s R&B, which was moving away from new jack swing and toward a softer type of medium-tempo groove. In fact, pretty much everything on this CD, favors a medium tempo sound-- the New York duo doesn't overwhelm the listener with either slow ballads or fast material. Cassandra Lucas and Charisse Rose, collectively Changing Faces, are strong singers -- and while slow jams like \"Thoughts of You,\" \"Movin' On,\" and \"Come Closer\" aren't mind-blowing, they're pleasant enough. Not surprisingly, \"Foolin' Around\" and \"Stroke You Up\" (both written and produced by R. Kelly) became major hits."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is jus a good r and b album that still sounds good on 9/11/09.  I already heard Foolin Around, Stroke U Up, Keep it Right There, and now I am finally listening to more from Changing Faces.  All of the songs are so consistant and flow 2gether in that loving, good vibe way.  The sounds of the early 90's are precious.  I luv the song \"Am I Wasting My Time\".  I only wish I could find the remix for \"Feeling All This Luv\".  I bought the cd for that song but it's jus the album cut.  I had it on the cassette single for Foolin Around.  Every song on here is gr8, no skip-overs, get this baby.  I got this!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For the most part, The Cars were a singles band, but their debut stands as one of the best ever new wave albums.  The hit songs were solid, including the amazing threesome, &quot;Let the Good Times Roll,&quot; &quot;My Best Friend's Girl&quot; and &quot;Just What I Needed&quot; that kick off the album.  But side two is were The Cars demonstrate their artistic complexity, particularly on the lengthy double track &quot;Moving in Stereo/All Mixed Up.&quot;  &quot;You're All I've Got Tonight&quot; and &quot;Bye Bye Love&quot; make for another couple of great singles as well.  This album is so good, it could stand as a greatest hits package all on its own."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Many bands have a long time to perfect the songs for their first album resulting in a solid debut. This may be the case for The Cars (although Candy-O is great too). This album contains classic songs like Just What I Needed, You're All I've Got Tonight, Bye Bye Love, and Moving In Stereo. It's a crime that this band never got the credit they deserved. They created catchy, sometimes quirky, rock songs with a good balance between rockin guitar and cool keyboards. Elliot Easton's guitar playing is superb as he always plays for the song and not just to show-off. The vocal phrasing of Ric Ocasek and Ben Orr (rest in peace) is excellent (even if I didn't always understand the lyrics). A classic album that must never be forgotten!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What can I say about the Cars first album. The Cars debut album has to be one of the most impressive albums that I have ever heard. Why can't bands make albums this great anymore? Three big hit singles \"Good Times Roll\",\"Just What I Needed\", and \"My Bestfriend's Girl\". As well as \"Bye, Bye Love\", \"Moving in Stereo\", and \"YOu're All I've Got Tonight\" that each get a lot of radio play as well. This is one of those rare albums that is great from start to finish, no filler here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Cars was one of the most original bands to come out of the late 70s/early 80s, a band that helped set the yardstick for New Wave. This was their first album, coming out in 1978, and is in my humble opinion to be the best album that the band cut. Just about all of its tracks are great, and not just the hits \"Just What I Needed,\" \"My Best Friend's Girl\" and \"Good Times Roll.\"If you are a fan of New Wave music, then you will love this album. Heck, even if is just that you fondly remember the music of the late 70s/early 80s, then you will love this album, too. Do yourself a favor, and buy this album!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the cars released this great record back in 1978.shortly after it,s release it was all over the airwaves.this album is in my opinion another one of the finest debut albums in rock ever!!there are so many great songs on this album it may well be the cars quintessential album. ric ocasek ;rythm guitarist and chief song writer for the cars was in top form on this album.for me the best cuts are[and there are many!]you,re all i,ve got tonight,good times roll,bye,bye,love,moving in stereo,just what i needed,my best friend,s girl,all mixed up and don,t cha stop.i realize i have just named most of the tunes on this album but i think this album is a must for any cars fan new or old!i also love the cover that chick with the sexy red lips!!this album and their second album candy o from 1979 are two of the best albums the cars ever did!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After years of listenting to metal/rock/pop/... rock, I heard this album...and the world turned on it's head for a moment (for me, of course)...my first intro to something other than 'Free Burd', and although  it took some getting used to, this still remains on my list as one of the  best new-wave/rock classic albums of all time.  The 'best of' they did  covers the hits, but this CD, from start to finish, is a work of new-wave  art - rarely matched by their contemporaries (except maybe the 1st  Pretenders album...).They (The Cars) brought cynicism to a new level,  without being obsessed with anger/etc.  This CD has an underlying power to  it that is unmatched by others - one that will remain as a CD that listened  today (20 years on) for a reason beyond their sheer popularity."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Cars' self-titled debut album, which introduced the band's unique blend of the Velvet Underground, the Steve Miller Band, and Roxy Music, is their most balanced album as far as vocals are concerned, with lead vocals about equally split between Ben Orr (R.I.P.) and Ric Ocasek. Orr's vocals are more melodic than Ocasek's, as the latter seems to have some vocal tics that can be annoying at times. This wasn't a problem on the first two albums or HEARTBEAT CITY, as these records have enough hooks to compensate for any vocal shortcomings that the bandmembers might have had, but it was a severe issue on PANORAMA. If you're hoping for a Cars reunion, sadly, it will never happen; bassist/vocalist Ben Orr died of pancreatic cancer in 2000."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You don't need a rocket scientist to inform you that The Beach Boys' 1966 album \"Pet Sounds\" is one of the Top 10 greatest albums ever made. Not much is left to say that hasn't already been said about the album. Song for song, the record is pure perfection. From the youthful abandonment of \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\" to the dramatism present on \"Sloop John B.\" to the heartugging \"God Only Knows\" (voted the greatest love song of all time) to the poignancy of \"I Just Wasn't Made For These Times\" to the chilling \"Caroline No\", there is not one clunker on the whole cd.This newly remastered edition features the entire album in both stereo and mono. In both forms, the album sounds absolutely fantastic. There ies also an excellent booklet filled with some great essays and rare pcitures. Definitey a must have album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am very disapointed! After looking for this album for 10 years, at least I bought it and ... masterpiece?C'mon people! I have around 2000 Rock albums in my collection and I would never placed this not even between the top 100.How could anyone say that Rubber Soul or Revolver are under Pet Sounds? Any 60's Rolling Stone album is one hundred times better. And something else, if this is the sound that shape the American pop music, I might be wrong, but ... where is Jimi Hendrix, Muddy Waters, Miles Davis, etc? Those are really masters of American music, not The Beach Boys.I can't give to this album more than half star."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What is the big deal? Wouldn't it be nice and Caroline no are great songs. There's 3 more good songs and a nice instrumental and the rest is filler. Sure, its great for a Beach Boys album but in the great universe of music this is just a really good pop album.I suppose if I'd never heard jazz or classical music I too would think that Brian's use of vibraphone and glockenspiel was some sign of genius. And if I'd never heard the Platters, the Lettermen or Manhattan Transfer I too would think that the Beach Boys were a great vocal band. Brian brought a good sense of vocal and instrumental arrangement together with some good material to create a pop record that had more depth than most at the time of its release. Just keeping it real."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Beach Boys' \"Pet Sounds\" is the best sunshine pop (let alone 60's pop) album EVER recorded. This album is SO original and SO cheerful that you can't help but love it. The most well-known songs on here are the hits \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\", \"Sloop John B.\", \"God Only Knows\" and \"Caroline No\", but the other tracks are just as good and interesting. The Beach Boys are famous for their harmonies and vocals, and this album does not disappoint. The musicianship is definitely 60's, but the audio quality and the instrumentation is perfect. Another great thing about this album is how quotable and interesting the lyrics are - they're some of the best ever written! You'll absolutely love singing along to songs like \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\"! Fans of every genre will love this album (you'd be hardpressed not to), as this is an instant classic. Buy it now!Highlights include:the entire album"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am not a Beach Boys fan.I consider this one of the 4 or 5 greatest albums of all time.The trouble with this album is that it constantly points out the musical genius--and I do mean genius--Brian Wilson was, and leaves you wondering how he could have plummeted to the depths that would hit him within just a few months of PET SOUNDS.As much as I love &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; and &quot;Sloop John B,&quot; they seem second tier when heard in the context of this album.  &quot;I'm Waiting For The Day,&quot; &quot;Here Today,&quot; &quot;God Only Knows,&quot; and &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot; are all first rate Pop.PET SOUNDS also has what I consider to be the greatest Beach Boys track, &quot;Caroline No.&quot;  It is a perfect recording of a heartbreaking lyric."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Undeniably the Beach Boys masterpiece. This is an album that has transcended the years and will still be played and enjoyed hundreds of years from now. Brian Wilson, inspired by The Beatles &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; album, set to work, along with some help from Tony Asher to create one of the most amazing pop records ever made. The digital remastering is excellent,...these songs sound wonderful. And the 24 page book is great. Includes notes by Brian Wilson, loads of photos, track-by-track notes, and a 6 page essay by David Leaf on The Beach Boys and the making of this album. My version has 3 bonus tracks &quot;Unreleased Backgrounds&quot;, &quot;Hang on to Your Ego&quot; and &quot;Trombone Dixie&quot;. This album belongs in all good music collections."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album was made at the same time as Sgt. Pepper and was a unique because it has mono or stereo versions of the songs on the album with different types of songs. Pet Sounds is like Sgt. Pepper except that the Beatles had more unique albums and on most of the songs, the Beach Boys sound like themselves instead of Beatles albums where the Beatles sound different on different songs. Classic Beach Boys songs on here include \"God Only Knows\" \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\" \"Sloop John B\" \"Caroline No.\" to name a few. Another bonus track \"Hang on to your Ego\" is great as well. This is a must for any Beach Boys fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Beach Boys/ Pet Sounds (The complete Albums in Stereo & Mono):  This is a beautiful and absolutely classic album.  This particular single CD version of it gives us both the Mono and Stereo mixes.  Both are great.  I originally did not want to buy a bunch of individual albums by the Beach Boys.  I wanting instead a good compilation but, having been disappointed with the five-disk history set, I turned to the original albums.  I had the old LP of Pet Sounds many years ago and this CD is a revelation of brilliance and clarity.  I could not be happier with this CD, and am glad that I was not forced to buy the multi-disk Pet Sounds Sessions in order to own the album.  Highly Recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love the Beach Boys as much as anyone.  Let me say that again.  I love the BEACH Boys as much as anyone.  By that I mean I love the Beach Boys who actually live up to their name, singing about the beach, girls, surfing, cars, and Rhonda.This is not the Beach Boys.  It can't be.  Why?  No beach songs!  I thought it was some kind of joke.  All &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; offers is the opportunity to hear Brian Wilson whine for forty minutes, backed by elevator music.  There's barely any Mike Love on the album at all.Way overrated."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this CD back in August and I have only listened to it once(when I needed music to fall asleep to when there was nothing on the radio). I have heard that this CD is &quot;depressing&quot;, but when I heard it, I found  nothing depressing about. Maybe it was because I wasn't concentrating fully  on it, but I wasn't impressed. Maybe if I looked at the lyrics(if I could  find them) and found the true meaning of the songs I would like it better.  Maybe when I listen to it again, I'll give it a better review."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Realesed in 1966 Pet Sounds by The Beach Boys is loved by critics and well anyone who likes the Beach Boys. Pet Sounds is one of those albums that are just not able to created ever again. By this time Brian Wilson who had suffered a nervous breakdown while on tour with The Beach Boys now remains in the studio writing and recording new material. Pet Sounds shows the bands growth from there humble beginnings to more complex songs and much more greater album compared too there earlier ones... Highly influentail album that has even influenced the Sgt. Peppers. Such classics as, \"Sloop John B\", and \"God Only Knows\", remain classic songs too this day. Albums like this come around once in a lifetime. Pet Sounds is a pop, rock, and psychedelic album and explored Brian Wilson's exploration of the drug LSD. So what are you wating for the only Beach Boys album you will ever need buy Pet Sounds todayYou wont be dissapointed"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like many other \"classics\" from its era, Pet Sounds simply hasn't stood the test of time, not because its sounds weren't ground-breaking for when it came out, but because most of the songs really haven't aged well. \"Wouldn't it Be Nice\" and \"God Only Knows\" are absolute classics, but the best (and best known) of the remaining tracks, \"Sloop John B\", isn't even an original composition, and there's a reason that \"Caroline No\" is probably the only remaining track that non-owners of the album will have ever heard. This album is far more important for the influence it would have on The Beatles as a studio band than as a musical statement by Brian Wilson: it's certainly not unpleasant to listen to, but the second-greatest album of all time, as recently selected by Rolling Stone Magazine? Absurd."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Paul McCartney himself credits Brian Wilson's Pet Sounds as the muze for  Sgt. Pepper's.  Listen critically to the tracks and echos of Pepper  resonate, from the melodious use of bass guitar to the masterful  orchestration of these odes to teenage angst.Is Pet Sounds better than  Pepper?  Beside the point.  But without Pet Sounds, and the competition  Brian Wilson represented to the fab four, you may very well have a  different Pepper, or perhaps no Pepper at all.You haven't heard genius  until you've heard Pet Sounds.  It is an album for the ages."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "OK, I have read several reviews here giving this masterpiece a two and three star rating and for the reason being that it \"is not the greatest album ever.\" So, if the album does not qualify as greatest ever it gets a **? Wow, that is going to leave a couple million records with * out there. Well, In my humble opinion, this is arguably the greatest album ever. And guess what, this is the only Beach Boys album I own. So don't go calling me some Beach Boy fanatic. But I can respect genius, especially genius that is as far ahead of it's time as this album. Every song is brilliant and in just the right place. I would put it in the category of Led Zeppelin IV, Who's Next, and several other classics. You don't think it is the best ever? So be it, but spare me these ** and *** star ratings, that is ridiculous!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The merits of this album need not be discussed here. Pet Sounds has been widely regarded as a pop classic for over forty years and its popularity shows no sign of letting up. What does need addressing, however, is the sound Capitol has achieved in rendering this recording in Mono on CD.The remastering game that has been going on for the past decade has yielded mixed results. Record companies promising superior sound have come up short more than half the time when it comes to reissuing classics. Lucky for us, that's hardly the case with this reissue of the Beach Boys' finest hour.Pet Sounds in Mono is what every fan hopes for when plunking down hard earned cash for an album he already owns. The sound is incredibly warm with every instrument coming through distinctly. The harmonies coalesce in a way you simply don't hear on a stereo mix. And the immediacy is impressive."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "By far the best Beach Boys album (and the best Brian Wilson album, along with the recently unearthed treasure \"Smile\"). The harmonies and lyrics in the songs are perfect, and remain timeless no matter how many times you listen to it or how many years have passed since this masterpeice first hit the shelves. It wasn't a big hit in the States, mostly due to the fact nobody was ready for it. It's such a well-organized and cohesive work, much unlike what people were used to the Beach Boys putting out at the time. They decided to be something more than just a surf band, or a catchy and trendy pop band, something which nobody gave them credit for. Compare \"God Only Knows\" to \"409\" or \"Surfin' Safari\", and you shall understand what I mean. The melodies are perfect, and blend greatly with the vocals. This is a rare album without a single track to be skipped. If you haven't caught on yet, freaking buy this!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is possibly one of my favourite albums - period. The melodies beautiful, the harmony, arrangements.etc were well beyond their time. For a record released in 1966, it sounds amazing on CD. A far superior album to either Sgt. Pepper's and a bit better than Rubber Soul, there are only a couple of songs I don't really like. A tiny gripe I have with the album the melodies on songs such as Do you still believe me are a bit repetitive. Although nonetheless very good. Btw the song 'God Only Knows' is often cited as the album's best but personally I would rank it about 3rd or 4th on the album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Just lay back and listen. Brian Wilson never misses a note. His voice was one of the natural wonders of sixties pop. His composing and arranging skills are without peer and he even plays some awesome bass (the slow middle eight section on &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;)on this album. These songs are the sound of former teen idols settling into adulthood and feeling  both excited and uncertain. Recorded with a large selection of musicians and sung heartbreakingly well by the Beach Boys themselves, this is a true pop magnum opus. The best tracks are the gorgeous &quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot;, &quot;Don't Talk (Put Your Head On My Shoulder&quot;), the title cut, and the tear inducing &quot;Caroline No&quot;. Instead of trapping you outside his pain and insecurity, Brian Wilson invites you into his world and lays his soul bare with a suite of songs that haven't aged a day since 1966. The more you listen to &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, the more it's beauty envelopes you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the album that kicked off the bossa nova craze in the US over 40 years ago.  In the hands of lesser musicians this style could degenerate into lightweight cocktail music, but not here.  Stan Getz's feathery, soft saxophone playing weaves beautiful melodies over the swaying, dancing Brazilian rhythms.  Charlie Byrd's is terrific on the acoustic guitar and the tunes will get stuck in your head after 3 spins or less.  The only possible complaint is the short playing time -- a mere 35 minutes.This recording isn't as well-known as Getz/Gilberto but is just as essential.  If you like Getz's playing, be sure to get some of his other, non-bossa-nova recordings as well.  (One more caveat: those looking for more vocals by Astrud or Joao Gilberto will be disappointed -- this CD is entirely instrumental.)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's my first CD bought from Amazon and it's one of the best albums of Patti. Different styles but a unique big voice! Hear her Aretha's voice in the track 5, for example! Track 1 is a new version of the first song in her album \"Havana Candy\".  Track 2 shows us her \"Ability To Swing\". Tracks 3-4-10 are beautiful ballads. Track 6 is the reggae one. Tracks 7-8 have a sweet sound. Track 9 is my favourite of the album, in a gospel style."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A blessed union of amazing vocals and outstanding studio musicians make Patti Austin's THAT SECRET PLACE a dazzling achievement.Whether it's jazz or pop, R&B; or gospel, reggae or funk, Austin impeccably delivers a true command of whatever style she tackles.  In this 1994 release, each track allows Patti to effortlessly glide through each song with her penetrating performances.She cooks on tunes like ABILITY TO SWING, a scat-infused invitation to dance , her cover of Aretha's classic ROCK STEADY and the euphoric drive of REACH.  Have fun with her reggae-flavored CAPTIVATED.  Then let your heart melt with SOMEBODY MAKE ME LAUGH, BROKEN DREAMS or the gorgeous STARS IN YOUR EYES.  The album is flawlessly produced by jazz icons Lee Ritenour and Dave Grusin.Patti has certainly deserved wider success in her career, but for those who have wisely followed her know what a treasure she is!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Listening to this album, it's very difficult to realise that she is only 18. She plays the fiddle with a skill way beyond her years, and her delicate soprano voice sings of lost love and heartbreak with such emotion and beauty that touches the heart of anyone who has experienced love gone wrong. This album was just a hint of what was to come, and I had the pleasure of seeing her in concert a few years back, in Toronto. This is Bluegrass at its best. Buy it, you'll love it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you just stumbled across this album and gave it a listen, you might be forgiven for thinking that it's a greatest hits CD. At this point, AK already had a couple of albums under her belt, and it shows. The music is straight bluegrass and country, you won't find any of the later pop infusions (which is fine music itself!), and the song selection is first rate. The instrumentalists are in fine form, and her voice still has most of that thin,reedy quality that you associate with bluegrass. But if you listen, it's just beginning to warm up some and lose that young-girl quality ...So if you're already an AKUS fan, you can scoop this one up and enjoy every lick! And if not, this is as good a place as any to test the waters."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On her 3rd CD Alison Krauss does not break stride.  &quot;I've Got That Old Feeling&quot; is chock-a-block FULL of the beautiful ballads that have made her famous with her angelically emotive voice, but it is also perhaps the best showcase for her ability to perform more up-tempo pieces, such as &quot;Dark Skies&quot; and &quot;Will You Be Leaving?&quot; The supporting cast here performs perfectly.How many albums do you have that have perhaps a few good songs on it, but just as many songs that are just filler - instantly forgettable and barely listenable?  This is a CD with NO filler.  Every cut is a &quot;keeper&quot; and I could just listen to the whole thing back to back over and over again.Alison Krauss is a national treasure, and this recording is one reason why."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I must admit this CD was in my shopping cart for quite a while given its genre.  I finally make the plunge when I needed it for free shipping and the first time I played it, I couldn't believe the beautiful purity and fullness of her voice.The music is very interesting also since it is obviuosly country, but these are real talented musicians and the arrangements are incredibly performed and make a country band  really kick-[...] in a cross over jazzy sense in a couple of tunes where you'd never guess this is a band that plays bluegrass.It's worth every one of those stars and one more if they had it.By the way, I found out that the ladies like this CD very much."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Since her Rounder debut in 1987, Alison Krauss has been praised by critics and country music fans alike. Revitalizing traditional styles of country music including bluegrass, the singer and fiddler is the focus of much public attention. Her unique, yet firmly-rooted approach to country music has won her several Grammys. Her 1995 release, NOW THAT I'VE FOUND YOU, showcases her ability to shine in a variety of settings. The title track and &quot;Broadway&quot; find Krauss in a more pop country environment; however even her pop music is unique in its smart harmonic structure, and her ability to avoid pat or stock poetic devices. On &quot;Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too,&quot; Krauss and Union Station (her almost constant musical companions) switch to a decidedly bluegrass feel, and on &quot;When God Dips His Pen of Love In My Heart,&quot; she plunges into a Southern gospel style with help from the Cox Family. Alison Krauss has the remarkable ability to make these diverse musical directions seem logical and congruent."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was the very first cd that we bought when we first got a cd player back in 1995. I loved it then and love it today. It remains a firm favourite. As well as some of her best songs culled from previous albums, this album includes 3 previously unreleased songs. A great mix of country and bluegrass, this is the best from Alison Krauss, along with Union Station, and the Cox Family, from 1987 to 1994. The booklet includes some cute photos of Alison and her brother as children, but unfortunately, no lyrics. But it does have a 2 page newspaper article from 1994 which is interesting. If you only get one Alison Krauss album, then this is the one you need. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'm not sure how this woman would be classified... I guess it's generally country music, with a hint of bluegrass.  But in certain songs, I also detected some gospel influence.  Note that I have NEVER been a country music lover.  My taste in music is very wide - West African, Brazilian, Greek, electronica, soul/funk, classic rock.  I saw Alison performing on public TV a few weeks ago, and was just blown away - so much so that I went out to buy the CD.Almost every track is wonderful in its own right.  Alison's voice is so beautiful, but I think it's the combination of all the talents on this CD that makes it so wonderful.  The song-writing is excellent, and the banjo pickin' is also.I'm so glad to have discovered her, and to now have this CD in my collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've long been a fan of Alison Krauss and her band, Union Station.  Their brand of contemporary bluegrass is unique and captivating.  This album is their best work to date. Superb quality throughout, including the  instrumentals. The title track is irresistable, and &quot;There is a  Reason&quot; is rapturous. Impeccable musicianship and superb recording,  along with Krauss's unique vocal style and virtuoso fiddle playing combine  to make this CD a must-have for fans of bluegrass. In a word, masterful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The other reviewers here who gave this CD three stars have valid points, and I suggest reading them before buying this. The vocals are a bit low-volume, the songs in general are a bit melancholy, and the styles kinda melting pot. Yet Ms. Krauss does have a voice of distinction and her bandmates are skilled musicians (not so much vocally, for my taste.) I haven't owned many Krauss recordings, so I can't say this is better or worse than her other releases. If you like bluegrass/contemporary country sounds, and find this at a bargain price, pick it up."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I heard Love at the Five and Dime on the radio (WWUH) one rainy morning in 1986 on my way to work in Hartford.  Nanci's fresh and honest sound was literally music to ears accustomed to machine-like synth-based 80's rock.  I immediately went over to Integrity 'n Music in Wethersfield and picked up a copy (in vinyl of course).  That cut plus Last of the True Believers and More than a Whisper proved riveting and honest.A few weeks later, in full fanship, I caught Nanci alone with her guitar (and the resident reptiles) at Roaring Brook Nature Center singing many of these same songs.  Later, her divorce and political stridency soured her music and furrowed her brow.  Her subsequent work was packed with beauty but she never again scaled these peaks of pure simplicity and romance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Call the lyrics dumb all you want, they are more interesting than 1,000 bands trying to search their lost soul.  News Flash:  There is no such thing as a soul.  Keep looking for love and UFO's and let us know your fascination with modern life.  I love the guitar sound and the hooks make your albums the best.  This and #2 are the classics.  What happened to make you so dull after that.  \"Remember David\" was one of your best songs and \"Suicide Day\" was good, but the rest of the third album, even the tile track was boring.  Two classics ain't bad.  Get this one right away."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "KRS seemed more focused than ever here. During the making of this album, Scott La Rock, DJ and Producer of BDP was shot and killed. During the making of \"My Philosophy\" in fact...which in my opinion is when Kris started showing his true colors. It was positive and negative, educational and entertaining..which had become the mantra of KRS ever since. On this album he tells you that Illegal Business controls America. He tells you how sometimes love is gonna get you. On this album you learn what the \"word\" \"Unrational\" means."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "KRSONE (BDP) DOES IT AGAIN.DIDN'T THINK HE COULD COME BETTER THAN CRIMINAL MINDED,BUT YOU KNOW WHAT HE DID.TRACK 1 THROUGH TRACK 10,ALL CLASSICS.SHOWS VERSITILE STYLES ON A HIGHER LEVEL.THE TEACHER TEACH,BUT IS DEEPER THAN THE  AVERAGE PROFESSOR. CONSISTENT WITH THE FIRST ALBUM,LYRICS ARE BANGING,BEATS  ARE BANGING.IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THIS ALBUM,YOU ARE MISSING WHAT SO MANY  RAPPERS ARE TRING TO ACCOMPLISE,BUT THEY FAIL.CHECK THIS ALBUM OUT AND YOU  WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT LYRICAL FLEXIBLILTY IS ALL ABOUT.NO ONE DOES IT  BETTER. KRSONE IS THE GREATEST."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a classic cd, period.  KRS-1 is a living legend, and this is him at his prime.  Songs like \"My Philosophy,\" \"Illegal Business,\" \"Stop the Violence,\" and \"Still #1\" are some of the most quoted/sampled in the last 20 years of hip hop.  If you think you don't know anything by KRS-1, one listen of this cd would prove you wrong  The list of rappers who have sampled or quoted songs on this cd is inexhaustible.  This was big when it came out in 88, and it sounds just as fresh today.  This is a gem among diamonds, a true hip hop classic. Even in Scott La Rock's absence, the production is stellar.  The lyrics are top-notch.  As close to a perfect hip-hop record as possible."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It would be easy to assume, as many people probably did, that after the death of long time partner Scott LaRock KRS-One would fall off. However he gave all those critics a fat smack in the face with the release of By All Means Necessary. Although it's not QUITE as great as Criminal Minded (few are), it is definetly a worthy album and is an example of some of the best rap to come out of the Bronx. \"My Philosophy\", the semi-sequel to the first track on Criminal Minded \"Poetry\" (a great track) surpasses its predecessor which is not an easy feat, and is arguably the best hip hop song of all time. Add 9 other great tracks and I'd say you have an essential album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "By All Means Necessary showcases KRS-ONE at his best. He is definitely one  of the greatest MC's of all-time, and the material here should tell you  why. &quot;My Philosophy&quot; is one of my favorite hip-hop songs of  all-time. KRS talks about the state of hip-hop, the past of BDP, and their  future. On tracks like &quot;Illegal Business&quot;, &quot;Stop The  Violence&quot;, and the spoken word track &quot;Necessary&quot;, KRS speaks  about political issues while he displays his MCing skills on the classic  &quot;I'm Still #1&quot;. And Kris takes the Jungle Brother's  &quot;Jimbrowski&quot; one step further on &quot;Jimmy&quot;. From start to  finish, By All Means Necessary is a great album. If you are a hip-hop fan,  you must own this."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've been wanting this album and I finally got it! I understand that too short says inappropriate lyrics in this record, but this is for entertainment for grown ups, not appropriate for kids though. When I first heard the single Freaky Tales in appearance in the movie The Wood, I was hit when I heard that song. It appears when the blood gang are crushing and smoking. I wanted to know who was the artist to the song and I finally found out and I wanted to get this album and I finally got!Warning: Not Appropriate For Kids!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is $hort's first album.  This is where he defines himself as the pimp, player, mack daddy of Oak-town, CA.  It's because of $hort Dog's early work that the Yay is on the hip hop map and this is the album that  started it all.The production on this album is hella tight.  The beats  are bumpin' and the bass is just boomin'.  Even on my stock stereo, the  whole car be rattlin'.  The lyrics are classic $hort.  Who can forget  FREAKY TALES.  This is just 8 minutes of pure pimpin'.  In addition, MACK  ATTACK, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, and LITTLE GIRLS are just tha shiznit.  This  is arguably $hort's best album.This is a definite must have for any hip  hop collection.  Old school Yay Area sound all the way...YOU KNOW!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Billy Ocean fused R&amp;B/soul with pop/rock and ended up with an excellent album. &quot;Carribean Queen&quot; and &quot;Loverboy&quot; are both must-have 80's hits, and this album is the best place to hear them, because the versions here are much longer than the radio edits on his greatest hits CD! But then again, every song on this album is great, and the heartfelt cover of the Beatles' &quot;Long and Winding Road&quot; should win over people who don't normally appreciate 80's music. But if you are a fan of the 80's, you definitely need this album, and if you aren't, get it anyway!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Truth be known, I'd probably keep this over his \"Hits\" disc. I say that because three of his absolute best songs are here in their original form, and some of his other hits border on cheese. Plus there's other good stuff here too. \"Caribbean Queen (no more love on the run)\" was a huge hit, as was the ballad \"Suddenly\", and I think my favorite is easily \"Loverboy\". Plus this has the minor hit \"Mystery Lady\", and a decent cover of \"The Long And Winding Road\". That's over half the album, and the remaining four songs I'd call good filler. Any fan of 80's pop/soul should consider this a must own."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was on TV all the time to promote Carribean Queen as an 80s classic. I had never heard the song in its entirety, and it clocked in at just above 7 minutes long. Loverboy and Suddenly are also good songs, but not enough for me to rate it higher than a disappointment with the artist as a whole. This is another one of those Cds I found at Wal Mart for 5 bucks. I guess they're still trying to make their money back from the first press. Didn't even include credits, and no lyrics in the package."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After recording several critically acclaimed albums for the GTO and Epic labels that did not exactly set the world on fire, Billy Ocean signed with Jive Records and hooked up with producer Keith Diamond who masterminded this classic 1984 release that made Billy Ocean a true superstar. The uptempo dance numbers &#34;Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run)&#34;, &#34;Lover Boy&#34; and &#34;Mystery Lady&#34; all became huge hits but the title track was and is one of the most gorgeous ballads of its time and one which you can still regularly hear on adult contemporary stations throughout the country."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of the best RandB singers with a soft touch I really did like his music he had so many good songs I really did like Billy I still hear his music on the radio now he sings so well that you understand every word that he says I would truly recommend anoyone who likes Rand B music to definitely buy this album because it contains a lot of good songs from Billy . It contains: Love Zone, Loverboy, When The Going Gets Tough The Tough Gets Going, Caribbean Queen, Suddenly, Sad Songs, and many other good songs so therefore this is a very nice album I really do enjoy this album!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Billy Ocean. Good old Billy Ocean! Yepp, this is how real pop music is supposed to sound like.It seems all his golden oldies have been included on this greatest hits album: \"When the going gets tough\", \"Loverboy\", \"Get out of my dreams\" and \"Carribean Queen\". And yes, \"License to chill\" is there, too. Plus some ballads, but I find them boring.It's a pity that this is a CD rather than a DVD, since the videoclips of this singer are extremely entertaining. I mean, one of them features Danny De Vito. Another shows Jabba the Hutt (!). Or was that Danny in disguise? Billy Ocean has always been a visual experience, not just your average pop singer. But sure, the music without the clips works just as well.Well, what more can I say?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Billy Ocean was one the most pleasant and emblematic figures of the pop movement between the early seventies. His repertoire was composed by easy to listen ballads and swinging pieces that were influence by the rhythm & soul. He is visibly influenced by Marvin Gaye, Lou Rawls and a little bit of Barry White. He was owner of a natural sympathy and unique charisma that so many successful moments gave us along his career.This compilation confirms why he was the figure he was. Don't miss this important album, part of the musical history."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "By All Means Necessary gave us a taste of what was to come on this..it's like he lead us with baby steps to this. This album is a beast. It starts with a nice introduction by Kwame Ture (aka Stokely Carmichael), spoken in his characteristic soft and eloquent style and that leads right into the first track which starts out \"WAKE UP! TAKE THE PILLOW FROM YOUR HEAD, AND PUT A BOOK IN IT!\" That in itself should prove that this would be a different kind of album. This album pushed you to think, at the same time KRS was experimenting greatly with various lyrics flows at this time. The result is an absolute masterpiece o from a hip hop standpoint. I don't think this one got much radio play..but it wasn't created for that purpose.If I could..I'd buy everybody a copy of this. Seriously. We need to hear more music like this these days."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This came out in the midst of a lot of negativity in hip hop which has since overtaken the genre. KRS-One did a good job here in denouncing racism both inside and outside of the black community, dealing with issues of identity (the homeless and ya strugglin-note the subtle swipe at Michael Jackson in the latter) and an all-star jam with the BDP crew (D-nice, Miss Melody, Sister Harmony, etc). Some excerpts from Stokely Carmichael (yes, THAT Stoke-shortly before his death) are quite enlightening.Sadly, Kris Parker's hold on the youth did not last much longer as gangster (c)rap went on to destroy the music, but that's another story. Get this and see how rap COULD have been."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With stripped down production, brilliant lyrics and the fiercest delivery of his career, KRS-One and company deliver the best LP in thier entire musical cannon. While many disliked and/or misunderstood this album when it first appeared, the last decade and a half have opened minds and ears to it's sheer daring and revolutionary impact. The music, as always is sliced down to the barest essentials, a simple 808 drum machine here, some reggae flavoring there (the hypnotic \"Breath Control II\") African Drums (\"The Homeless\") and even wah-wah guitar over funky drums (\"Original Lyrics\", my personal fave) and the production isn't too crowded allowing Parker's biting, incisive lyrics and terrific vocals plenty of breathing room and the attention they deserve. While things do get a bit preachy, the sheer enjoyment of these performances will leaven out the heavy-handed tone of the words. A rap LP was never more aptly titled. School is in session."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "so far, my fave tracks:1)Duck Down(sick,wicked drum beat.)2)Like a throttle(club banger. how could you not dance to this one ?)3)We In There- good loop.4)Build And Destroy- This song gives a black eye to The Poor Righteous Teachers AND X-Clan.(\"Too many teachers in the class spoil the school.After awhile you got blabberin' F***in fools.\")(\"What are you doing for yourself, Black Man,tryin' hard to be the original man? who?the first man with the first tan on the first land with the first clan?WHO GIVES A D*** ?!\")Sucker,Wack Or Booty M.C.'s Need NOT apply. Krs-One made that abundantly clear on this album.(\"I don't battle to win or lose i battle to ruin your whole career.\")old-school hip-hop with a message as well...what more can my ears ask for ? :D"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is the straight-up hardcore from beginning to end.  People  slept on this album when it came out, but they need to wake up and pick  this up, on the serious tip.The most fiery cuts:  Duck Down, Drug  Dealer, Sex &amp; Violence, Build &amp; Destroy.Most subversive track:  &quot;13 &amp; Good&quot;, a tale of statuatory rape with a twist  ending....Superb production values by KRS-1, Prince Paul, Pal Joey, and  others...This is the LAST album by KRS-1 recorded under the group  moniker BOOGIE DOWN PRODUCTIONS.  Check for his subsequent solo releases:  RETURN OF THE BOOM BAP, KRS-ONE (self-titled), and I GOT NEXT...FRESH  FOR 1992, AND YA KNOW IT!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "These boys been doing they thing for what, 15 years now. I didnt know about this album until recently. I was very familiar with Ridin Dirty tho. I thought that that was there first album. Hearing this album that came out 3 years earlier impressed me even more. They laid down the groundwork for Southern hip hop that was based on Blues, Soul, and G Funk. This was back in the early 90's when Southern hip hop and West Coast were basically talking to each other both being heavily influenced off each other. These guys along with 8 ball & MJG, Triple Six, Outkast, Goodie Mobb, and the Geto Boys are the only groups that can be called Dirty South Legends."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is probably the best solo album KRS-One has ever put out. Sorry to say there are probably other good ones, but this is the best put together one. The beats, the rhymes, and the material go together very nicely. My favorites are Outta Here, Mortal Thought, I Can't Wake Up, Sound of Da Police, Uh Oh, Return of the Boom Bap, and Stop Frontin'. But the other songs are good too. I recommend this to fans of Boogie Down Productions or Hip Hop in general."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Boogie Down Productions leader KRS-One's reputation began to slip in the early '90s, as he spent more time educating than performing. He hit back at his critics with the slamming Return of the Boom Bap, his first official solo release. Leaving behind the detailed production of the last BDP album Sex and Violence, Boom Bap returns the MC to the spare, gritty territory of Criminal Minded. KRS-One sounds reinvigorated, as well, spitting out his rhymes with fury and intelligence. Although the record isn't as didatic as Edutainment or Sex and Violence, KRS-One hasn't made his lyrics simplistic, nor has he abandoned his cutting, intelligent social commentary. The combination of hard, basic beats and exciting rhymes makes Rerturn of the Boom Bap a genuine comeback for KRS-One, one of the founding figures of modern hip-hop."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "overall, this is a pretty good album with a few outstanding cuts. \"Outta Here\", \"I Can't Wake Up\", and \"Mortal Thought\" are all fairly entertaining tracks that showcase KRS-One's gifted delivery and his creative flow. but the production of this record sounds dated and alot of the songs toward the end of the record are forgettable. i prefer the hardcore leanings of his BDP days rather than these semi-concious psuedo-ragga party jams. but KRS's voice is still a treat to listen to and this record is probably better than almost any other hip hop album put out in 1993."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Krs-One returned with a vengeance in 93, and dropped a CLASSIC in the form of Return Of The Boom Bap. This album, like every other Krs-One album, represents him in his truest form, always talking about something positive, claiming to be &quot;the teacher&quot; of hip hop, and saying things to leave you thinking. Here's the review:Album Highlights: Krs-One Attacks, Outta Here, Black Cop, Mortal Thought, I Can't Wake Up, Sound Of Da Police, Mad Crew, and Return Of The Boom Bap.Production: Thumbs up.Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs up.Originality: Thumbs up.The Last Word: While NOT as strong as Criminal Minded and By All Means Necessary, this is still Krs at his best. Today, he still remains one of the most influential MCs out there keeping his legacy alive. Overall, I recommend you pick up this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sh**!!! This album is off the hook! \"Outta Here\" has one of the best beats ive ever heard!! Thats on a real HIPHOP tip right there! KRS-One's voice is better than ever and his lyrics are ON POINT EVERY TRACK! KRS-One has kept it real out of most emcees out of all these years. You got to give him his repsect. This guy is a TRUE emcee and if you dont like him, then go listen to your wack azz 50 Cent album. The production on this album is pretty much what gives it its name. Grimey old school soundin hiphop beats. If you want TRUE hiphop, better get this now! Real stuff. All the songs are on point.My Top 5 Songs1.Outta Here (NICE!)2.Mortal Thought3.I Cant Wake Up4.Return Of The Boom Bap5.Stop Frontin"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pimp C and Bun B came out in 1994 with an album with nothin but fire.  This album slams from start to finish with that old school down south feel.  The beats are melodic G-Funk, with twangy guitar and smokin keyborad riffs.  Lyrically and vocally, UGK kills in all departments.  They really know how to tear up the mic with their firey flows. The track \"Feds in Town\" is a gangster classic with a phat, funky beat and tight scratches. \"Super Tight...\" is the perfect one to pop in the six fo while hittin switches down the avenue. The mid 90's was one of the best periods in rap history, and this album is testament to it.  Don't sleep on this classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "15 years after this album came out and I am still enjoying this release. The first time I heard the lyrics of I'm a player, I was in high school and it took me 2 days to learn the lyrics. That's how much I was listening to this album. The beats are dope and  too short's lazy flow is right on point. This album is a classic. It is probably my favorite too short album next to Life is.....too short and cocktails. Definitely a must for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Don't be too mad at me, but I really just discovered 12 Play about a few weeks ago.  I've really been 'into' music the past few years.  I feel its important to go back and listen to the 'real' music.  This cd has always been in my house, but never listened to it.  I mean who doesn't kno Bump and Grind, Your Body's Callin, It Seems Like you ready.  But to me those aren't the only good ones on the cd.  I love the uptempo jams like HOMIE LOVER FRIEND, FREAK DAT BODY, my fave uptempo being SUMMER BUNNIES! It just screams old summer jam!  But besides the obvious the good songs all the releases SEX ME AND 12 PLAY are just so damn good.  There has never been an r&b cd since this and it's a tough act to follow."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Do you mind if I give you some of my........12 play?What else can I say about the king? This album is a true RnB classic. I listen to this album and I hear the passion in his voice, the seduction in the production and........the bad rapping! But when its the 'R' you can forgive him for a few blunders (i.e. \"I like the crotch on you\" and \"Back to the hood of things\" ugh!) Nevertheless, this album is pure brilliance. Love him or like him he just may be the greatest RnB artist of all time!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R. Kelly - 12 Play (Jive, 1993)Many people claim that they grew up listening to R. Kelly, but when asked what songs are favorites, if you say, \"Thoinga Thoing\" or \"Fiesta\", then you're just a YOUNG'UN! Because ten years ago before all that \"Pied Piper\" hogwash, R. Kelly, bald head and all, had ladies (and fellas) swooning with this, his second album. The classics are all on here like \"It Seems Like You're Ready\", \"Sex Me Pts. I & II\", and \"Bump n' Grind\". The raps that he do on here are also an improvement off of his first album. One big classic. Check it out. -EJR"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R. Kelly has always been a great producer and songwriter and at least a plausible if not extraordinary singer. Though numerous legal woes have hampered his success over the past several years, he nonetheless got off to a really great start with his first album, which has a plethora of sexual undertones but still manages to sound more stylish than trashy. Contains the #1 hit \"Bump 'N Grind\" and the urban radio favorites \"Your Body's Callin'\" and \"It Seems Like You're Ready\". There is also a brilliant remix of \"Bump 'N Grind\" on the single for that song, entitled the \"Definition Of A Hotti Remix\". This was played a lot on my local radio station, and for those of you who haven't heard it, I strongly recommend. It is more blissful and sensual than the original in my opinion."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you are a fan of R&B; music there is no way you can give this album less than 5 stars. It's a classic. The crazy thing is it's not even R. Kelly's best album. That honour belongs to his self titled 1995 release.12 Play boasts the smash hits Your Body's Callin and Bump N Grind. But it also includes other quality tracks like Summer Bunnies, Sex Me and It Seems Like Your Ready. There is also a great tribute song called Sadie which is a nice change up from the sexually charged theme of the album.This album really launched the career of R. Kelly and put him on the map as one of the powerhouse r&b; acts of the 1990's and early 2000's. High recommend."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "this is a cd that no matter who im with pull this one out and everyone knows the songs and loves this cd. you can never go wrong with 12 play. every R&B fan needs this cd to complete thier collection it is a must have. there are a few songs i dont like, but all the hits on this cd more than make up for them, and he still gets 5 stars because in my opinion some of the best songs of our time are on this cd. another one of those road trip cds to play with old friends. everyone i know loves this cd."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On Aaliyah's debut, it ain't hard to tell that R. Kelly found her. Most of the songs sound like Aaliyah is featured on them instead of them being her own songs like &quot;Back and Forth&quot; and &quot;Old School&quot; (R. Kelly's name is even being mentioned in the latter's chorus). One of the only moments that you can feel Aaliyah's ability is on the remake of The Isley Brothers' &quot;At Your Best&quot;. This album is still good to play in your stereo, but if you want a really good Aaliyah album, check out One in a Million (yeah, I know she has another album after that; I meant what I said)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'm a 31 year old white guy that normally listens to metal and grunge, but I love this album. I had a roommate in the Airforce back in 1994 who played this alot, and I just came to really like it. It's a good mix of songs, some smooth R&amp;B stuff, and some more upbeat hip-hop type songs. &quot;Back And Forth&quot; was the big song off this, but &quot;Age Ain't Nothing But A Number&quot;, &quot;I'm So Into You&quot;, and &quot;At Your Best (you are love)&quot; are all great as well. My favorite though is &quot;Young Nation&quot;. It's just super sweet. I don't know her other albums at all, and I don't know the genre well, but I do know this disc will make you &quot;Throw Your Hands Up&quot;."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Aaliyah Dana Haughton is one of our world's finest entertainers.  Aaliyah possesses a golden voice.  Her vocal range is very wide; she can hit the high and low notes with effortless ease and pristine perfection.  &quot;Age Ain't Nothing But A Number&quot; is a wonderful album.  Aaliyah has the unique ability to sing to the listener.  Her music touches my very essence.  This thirteen track album is loaded with hits.  Every track is a perfect ten.  Aaliyah is kind enough to share her fantastic artistic abilities with the world.  I thank Aaliyah for that.  I guarantee that you will love this album.  Don't think twice, buy this album.  Peace from Barbados."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you're even a lukewarm fan of Brandy, Monica, Mya, Nivea, Ashanti, Britney Spears, Mandy Moore, Jessica Simpson, Teirra Marie, Lumidee (did I miss any of the clones?), give THIS Aaliyah debut a good listen ...All of the aforementioned basically tried to come out behind a very distinctive path carved out by the GREAT Aaliyah: a true entertainer who combined dance, a girl power-esque image via assertiveness (she called it \"street but sweet\") and was the first to dare to put cool, smooth vocals over a blazing hip hop beat.Aaliyah was indeed one in a million ...Highly recommended LP."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A lot of you think this is there first national record to rise to stardom but in actualality N2DEEP Back to the hotel put E-40 and B-legit to the gold record artist status that they were bound to achieve.this record  didn't achieve that status but more than should've.if your someone who is a  pure click fan the song V-town on back to the hotel is one to get.When this  record was first released independently samples weren't cleared and when  jive picked it up they chose not to clear them and took them of the record.  bad decision.they have sold around 400,000 copies of this yet this a bay  classic. It still will most likely go gold but it would make it there  faster if they would bring back the original album.These 4 artists have  tried to hold down the westcoast while the rest of the west has been and  stayed on vacation.If you don't have this record get it but if possible hit  a store that has the original copy not the edited version."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The original release of Down & Dirty with 18 tracks is definitely one of the best albums ever made. It's a versatile gangsta rap album, that touches a lot of different topics.The beats are ahead of their time, the big names Studio Ton, Mike Mosley and Sam Bostic take care of that. E-40 is at his best on this album, his unique style and delivery with great lyrics combined. B-Legit is also on fire here, and even D-Shot comes very hard. Suga-T is only featured on one track, on Sohabs.Even though the whole album is classic, the best songs are Let's Get Drunk, On A Mission, Mr. Flamboyant, Daily Routine, You F***ed Up When You Slammed My Motha and of course Let's Side.The re-release on Jive with changed beats and narrowed tracklist ain't anything after you've heard the original.And guess what... I have the original tape on great condition for sale... Holla at me! My e-mail address is ailuv@suomi24.fi"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In a Major way is E-40's best album, a Bay Area classic. The Vallejo Boss Playa just blew up on this amazing album. Features the unmatchable beats by Mike Mosley &amp; Sam Bostic, Funk Daddy and Studio Ton. The album is  perfect from start to end and it's got the two classic cuts : Sprinkle Me  (feat. Suga T) and the one and only Dusted 'n' Disgusted, which has one of  the TIGHTEST beats I've ever heard, combined with BREATHTAKING verses by  the greatest rappers - SPICE 1, 2PAC, MAC MALL AND 40 WATER! The album also  features 40's long time partner B-Legit and also Mac Shawn, Levitti and  Celly Cel. This album takes the Sick Wid It Mob sound to a whole new level  and E-40 continues to develop his own unique style, inventing new slang and  always comming with fresh delivery."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "E-40 is the head of west coast sibling clan THE CLICK. Their 1995 release &quot;Game Related&quot; is a mix of west coast twang and funky productions.&quot;Wolf Tickets&quot; opens this set. A comical set about peeps talking trash but not being about their business. The drug slang hit &quot;Hurricane&quot; and the ZAPP sampled &quot;Scandalous&quot;  were the hit singles and are definitely the catchy hits.E-40 and B-LEGIT work the drunken craze of the funky &quot;Out my body&quot;. B-LEGIT also rocked his solo joint &quot;We dont f*ck wit' dat&quot;. Sister SUGA T. gets down and dirty with her call out &quot;If i took your boyfriend&quot; (The much used PRINCE sample)Other standouts are the gangsta story &quot;Be about your paper&quot; and &quot;Hot ones echo thru the ghetto&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is reel good. E-40, B-Legit, D-Shot, and Suga-T put doan some dope tunes and rhimes in dis 14 track album. I would say dat track 9, (Boss Baller), is da best track on here. Track 9 is D-Shot basically rappin' by  himself and da song is pretty damn dope. Get this album if ya like hardcore  rap or any rappers from SickWidIt. If you wish to e-mail me my addy is  yuckplace@hotmail.com."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the teacher's self-titled album contains more lessons, and upliftment for African-Americans.  DJ Premier's production on \"Rappaz R. N. Dainja\" and \"MC's Act Like They Don't Know\" was are great East Coast hip-hop feel displaying Krs' lyricisim.  \"Ah-Yeah\" displays his consciousness of scociety's problems.  As automatic as his flow on \"De Automatic\"  featuring Fat Joe.  \"...stack some money for a video, I don't have any. You're looking at the last emcee with true talent...\" he put it into perspective with \"Build Ya Skillz\".  This release is a presentation of plain hip-hop.  Nothing commercial just \"R.E.A.L.I.T.Y.\" through the eyes of Bronx own Krs-One."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am a fan from the BDP days of KRS.His self titled release here was a bit slept on at the time.I think Boom Bap was just so cool and groundbreaking that when this came on people wanted more of that sound.Now that nearly 10 years have passed this album stands up very well.Especially with this Blinged out era its almost like crawling into a time capsule.The hottest joint Mc's Act Like They Don't Know could put any rhyme out there today on its back by itself.Thats not even the hardest cut on a emcee basis.Check out Build Ya Skills with Busta Rhymes, thats some whoop ass for ya.DJ Premier probably did some of his finest work on this album.KRS also blended his productions nicely too.If you are KRS fan this can't dissapoint."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "How is this not 5 Stars??? There is way too many 4 Stars for this album but besides that Mr. KRS-One has delivered possibly the best hip hop CD of 1995 the singles were bangin \"Rappaz R N Danja\" starts the album off perfect with premier on the track you can't go wrong \"Ah Yeah\" has a killer drum beat and is one of my favorites from the album, MC's Act Like They Don't Know\" is the hardest track KRS ever did and definitely is Premiers top produced track \"Free mumia\" is dope as hell KRS produced this himself \"Hold\" is KRS describing a gun and what it means to hold one classic track \"The Truth\" a song about religion and who where the first human beings on earth which is we all know Adam and Eve \"Build ya skills\" a dope track featuring Busta Rhymes classic feature right here but enough talk go out and buy this album it truly is KRS-One best solo album post BDP era."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The most blazing cuts-  &quot;Rappaz R N Dainja&quot; (also try to find the rare remix by Rage Against the Machine's Tom Morello!); &quot;Ah, Yeah!&quot;; &quot;Squash All Beef&quot;, &quot;Represent the Real&quot;,  with Das EFX.&quot;Out for Fame&quot; gives props to graffiti artists.  Dope production tactics by DJ Premier, Diamond D, and cameos by Fat Joe,  Busta Rhymes, and a who's who of hip-hop personalities!One of 1995's  best albums, but still slept on!!  Go buy this record!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With his thrid CD in three years, R.Kelly delivered more of his usual antics. While this CD had it's moments it also had it's share of weak moments. The strong moments were the ballads which he's always known for. The first trio of ballads the hit single You Remind Me Of Something, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby and my personal favorite Step In My Room show R's vocals and writing at it's best. The next two strong ballads Down Low (Nobody Has To Know) and \"I Can't Sleep Baby (If I)\" were also good , although the remixes were better. The other strong ballads  Tempo Slow was placed at towards the end of the CD but it was placed in the middle of R. Kelly's religous section of the CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Very few albums out at the moment are so good that you can listen to it from start to finish. Although this is far more mellow and laid-back than just about all of Kelly's other albums, the consistant quality of the songs make this a treat to the ears.Kelly has said that it was around this time that he discovered God. God really must have inspired him, as it is far greater than his previous work (although 12 Play is a classic).Just about the best ballad Kelly ever wrote (&quot;I Can't Sleep Baby (If I) is probably the best song on the album, followed closely by the mid tempo &quot;Thank God It's Friday&quot;. The multi-octave style of Marvin Gaye can be seen used here. It is a pity Kelly doesn't use it anymore.If you are just getting into his work and are not going for the more hardcore elements of &quot;Best of Both Worlds&quot;, get this album as it will really open the door to what tis guy is trying to say."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R. Kelly's 1995 self titled album is a classic R&B album. It's an album that all music fans must have. R.kelly is the best R&B artist ever. he released of 7 albums, each one I would give a 5 star rating, and who ever wouldn't, is crazy. But this is his album I would consider his best album. It has 16 of his greatest tracks ever, including his classic hit \"Down Low\" and other great songs like \"Thank God It's Friday\" and \"Hump Bounce\" Cop this album, you can't have a music collection without it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of my favorite albums by R.  This is when we had to realize, \"this brother is talented!!!!\"  This album was good because he had some of his love songs on it, then the songs to make you groove, and threw in some spirtual songs to round it off.  There is something for everyone on this CD.My favorite cuts on this CD:2. Hump Bounce - nice litte groove6. Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby7. You to be Happy8. Down Low - the relationship between he and Isley was born9. I can't sleep baby14.Temp Slow16. Trade in My life - he was testifying on this song!!!The whole album is good, but the songs I listed are the songs I play the most."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Before Mystikal became mundane he was putting out southern rap classics like this album. When you listen to Y'all Aint Ready Yet and Here I Go you can tell that Mystikal put effort into his raps and wasnt going through the motions like he does now. Out That Boot Camp Clicc remains as one of my favorite tracks from Mystikal. As for flaws, there are none. This album was Mystikal at his best. I really think he messed up when he decided to go commercial and put out lackluster material(four albums later). Bottom Line: Mind Of Mystikal is one of the best releases in 1995 and is Mystikal's best album. The production was cool and Mystikal was hungry as hell back then. Standout Tracks: YALL AINT READY YET(original and remix), MURDERER, BEWARE, I'M, HERE I GO, OUT THAT BOOT CAMP CLICC, MIND OF MYSTIKAL, NOT THAT N****, NEVER GONE BOUNCE(The Dream)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Backstreet Boys became highly admired dominantly by young girls just like New Kids On The Block in the late 80's and early 90's. In 1997 when this album was released,it sold by the dozens just like Hanson's MIDDLE OF NOWHERE album. Hit songs include EVERYBODY(Backstreet's Back)*,QUIT PLAYING GAMES WITH MY HEART,I'LL NEVER BREAK YOUR HEART,ALL I HAVE TO GIVE and AS LONG AS YOU LOVE ME,all later recycled for 2001's THE HITS-CHAPTER ONE. SET ADRIFT ON MEMORY BLISS contains music excerpts for Spandau Ballet's TRUE. Personally,this album,like every other BSB album,I believe is one of the greatest ever recorded. It continued to sell well throughout 1998. *How could that be? They just started."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in the day you got classic after classic. This is just one of them. Still though E-40's new music is great but not this great if you know what I mean. This is laid back westcoast music at some of it's best. Bay-Area has many talented artirst and if you're into west coast rap E-40 is one of the most important to get. I'll admit this ain't 40's best, but it's far from his worst and it does deserves five stars even though it's more like 4.5.Definitely check this out if you're interested in some west coast talent.Also check out music by Too Short, South Central Cartel, Havoc &amp; Prodeje, B-Legit, Richie Rich, The Click, Celly Cel.. oh my God so many talents that never get the props they deserve. I think it's time now! Get this for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is just as solid as his first and then them.B-legit is showing the world that the Clicks sucsess was no fluke and how bright the future for him and the sickwitit family really is...From E-40 and the Click to the  Mossie this is the team thats been here since 92 and I don't see that  changin any time soon....(I was at Philly Blunts studio in Vallejo back in  September of 98 and a heard a new B-legit song that was recorded for his  new album and it was off the hook..I hope it makes the album.....)Watch 4  the new album cuz he keeps gettin better....."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "B-Legit holds it down for the Yay Area but not with &quot;The Click&quot; but solo wise. He makes sure you feel this album with knockin' beats and lyrics showing you that he's not in 40 waters shadow. Not only does he put it down by himself but he features some of the top rappers puttin' it down for California. I recommend this album to everyone who likes E-40, Suga T, D-Shot, and &quot;The Click&quot; because B-Legit shows he's a major part of &quot;The Click&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yo this was the perfect album for KRS at the time because people wasn't sure if he still had it in him after Boom Bap and KRS-One.To me this was the answer to Boom Bap.I Got Next prooved he can rock a party like know one else.The lyrics are probably his best stylisticly.The beats are tight and the guest appearences were on point too.I know some were upset with the Puffy remix of Step Into A world but I say why not?KRS rhymed with Shabba Ranks back in the day so whats the difference?Meaning at the time Shabba was making it in the mainstream and no one had an issue with that so big deal.It didn't diminish what was acomplished on this album.The only thing that was missing was a DJ Premier track or somethin close to it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In my opinion, this is KRS best solo effort so far. I can't skip no tracks. From beginning to end, this whole CD is pure form of the term real peoples can recognize as: HIP-HOP. Tracks like \"The MC\", \"Step into a world\" or \"A friend\" are real classics, such as the entire album. This is a fresh air of hip-hop which is mocked by fake, gangsta-like, commercial freaks like Puffy, Nelly, St. Lunatics or them C(TR)a$h Money what-do-you-call-them's... This is TRUE hip-hop! If you a fake cat, don't buy this! This is not meant for Y'ALL! But if you like TRUE hip-hop skills, then buy it! NOW!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Think Mystikal cant come out with a classic album but he did.  in 97.  He has an original style with the occassional outlashes of quick spit fire deliveries ( Unpredictable) an aggressive style and a laid back style. Mystikal flows with ease. His sound is natural and doesnt seemed forced. The production on this album is ok but it is Mystikals skill and charisma that saves some songs like &quot;13 years&quot;.  Here we go adds some west coast flavor with E-40 and B Legit and is the best song on the album.  Still Smokin is a nice chillin track.  The title track is his best display of his fast flow and it comes off tight.  The man Right Chea is o;h yes tight.  Must Give Instrumental to me.......  D... on the Track is a nice song also.  Other tight songs include Did I do it, Aint no limit, Murder 2.  Exceptional cd. Pick It Up."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This albums ok.  I got it day it was out, cuz i was a pac fan before he died, unlike 60% of his fans now.  But this was the best album that was released after he died.  I love \"Hold On Be Strong\", \" When I Get Free 2\".  ill tracks right there.  Im sick of these new cds tho, they should just stop.  I mean, Trick Daddy and Pac?!  I like trick, but damn, Better Dayz was...well, the only good tracks were the Outlawz tracks!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This band is truly terrible. First off, the music is terrible. It's soft and wimpy and lacks any musical credibility. I'm not just saying this because I hate punk. I don't see how anyone can like this. The singer (or singers) have no excuse to BE singing. Don't believe me? Check out &quot;Daddy Was a Rich Man&quot;. Or pretty much any of their songs. The lyrics are so ridiculous. I appreciate anti-political manifesto very much. The reason they are ridiculous is because they couldn't have made it more obvious that they don't know what they're talking about. All they do is whine. What's the matter, guys? Didn't mommy and daddy give you whatever you wanted? They wouldn't let you take the car out last night? What a joke! As is all punk rock with the exception of a select few who decide to rise above the punk cliche. You want angry music with actual TALENT? Listen to metal."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A very pleasant album, immaculately produced, perhaps a masterpiece of British folk. The songs are nice and pleasing, very pleasant to listen to: relaxing. Drake's delicate acoustic guitar work is fine and suits the songs perfectly, augmented by fine string and wind arrangements (though they can be slightly overbearing at times), and bright splashes of piano. Drake's own lyrics are beautiful examples of understated emotional poetry. His vocals are distinctive, very English, and a good medium for communicating this poetry, especially with this musical backing. It's a nice package. Certainly a hallmark recording for anyone interested in British folk."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's impossible to me, an educated 29 years-old south american man, describe the fellings that been brought to me by Five Leaves Left. As all Nick Drake's records we got here sadness, shyness, fragility and above it  all, beauty. But it's a new kind of beauty, which come from soul, and it's  not just coming from Drake's soul. This music makes our souls more  beautifull than before and I can't explain it with simple words. Songs like  River Man are modern opus of the century, with the strings floating over  the ground, made by Drake's voice and guitar, leading us to a state of  grace and compassion. I know it seems corny, but it's true. Buy this cd now  and be prepared to see the world by another perpective."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "nick drakes debut album sounds like the starting point for a lost cult legend. even though it's nicks first album, he sounds as though he has been recording his entire life. it's a very sad album (although not as sad as pink moon, mind you), but includes many more instruments than later works. there isn't a bad number on this entire album. every song is a work of art. nicks lyrics(even though they're much more like poetry) sound as though they were written in the 17th century. they really are works of genius and beauty, and nick was without a doubt, one of the greatest poets of the 20th century."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "My favourite tracks on this debut album are those with a fuller instrumentation, i.e. Time Has Told Me with its beautiful electric guitar, piano and bass; Way To Blue with its melancholy mood elegantly expressed in a complex melody and sensitive string arrangement, and; Cello Song, a hypnotic love song with a magical interplay of cello, bass and congas. I also like The Thoughts Of Mary Jane and Three Hours, a brooding little number. As with all Drake's work, the overall mood is one of sadness wrapped in dreamy melodies, where the poetic lyrics take the listener to far-away places."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's debut album Five Leaves Left is a hauntingly beautiful album.  Mr. Drake's folk music is backed by the baroque sounds of chamber music.  This provides a lilting background to his deep, introspective lyrics.  Mr. Drake had problems with depression and there is a sense of melancholy that permeates the album, but not near the degree of his later album Pink Moon. &quot;Fruit Tree&quot;, &quot;Day Is Done&quot;, &quot;The Thoughts Of Mary Jane&quot; and &quot;Way To Blue&quot; stand out amongst an album's worth of stellar music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Bryter Layter is Nick Drake working with expanded orchestrations.Five Leaves Lefthas subtle string, but here, horns and even female singers  are added.This almost sounds likeForever Changes, except that Love album ratiated Authur Lee as mastero, calling the shots. Drake seems to be a lone guitar player surrounded by adoring musicians on Bryrer Layer. His singing is mournful and self-effacing as ever.Which makes the album so effective. The musical buffer around Drakes subtle voice only highlights his poetic modesty as a singer. The contrast of his insinuating singing and the big shell of the arrangements works wonders. Listen to \"One Of These Things First,\"or \"Chime of the city clock.\"\"Poor Boy\" is a bit much. When the singers sing \"poor boy, feels sorry for himself,\" towards Drake, it underminds the depths of his sadness. The whole piece is a little mellowdramatic and insulting to Drake, who was struggling with a serious mental illness.But even this song is a good spin, and the album as a whole is top notch."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "To actually access the music of Nick Drake, you have to get past a lot of baggage: the biographical legend; the twee aesthetic, aptly signified by the blandly psychedelic cover, fey title and spelling; the voice, an adolescent-whisper-falsetto type thing when it's not trying to be Bob Dylan.  Once you do get past all that, the album is a vaguely pleasant, if indistinguishable, wash of folk pop, with unexpected instruments - cello, piano, harpsichord, sax etc. - keeping things interesting (some of the songs sound like an earnest Divine Comedy).  There is one stand-out track, however, 'Poor Boy', part-Jobim samba, part-Legrand French cafe pop, part-Stones gospel.  Its pop melancholy suggests where Drake's true talents lay."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the soft fingerpicked guitar at the beginning of introduction just gets you into this masterwork of an album. nick draakes second album is considered to be his masterpiece, and rightfully so. it is definetly his most up beat album, but thats to nick drakes standards. the album is full of beautiful poetry, nicks humble fingerpicked guitar playing, lush instrumentation, and even horns. northern sky, fly, and hazey jane 1 are probably 3 of the greatest songs ever written by anyone. if you are new to nick, this should be the second album you pick up, after pink moon. but all three of his albums should be in everyones colection"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Definitely Nick Drake's most mainstream release in his all too brief discography, Bryter Layter is filled with more somber guitar lines, Nick's expressive vocals, and even drums/flutes/other instruments! Wow!Those elements are a turn off for those who like more of his raw and unpolished music, but a lot of the songs on this album are just as emotional as those on Pink Moon or 5 Leaves Left, though some of the songs can do without the overproduction.Still worthy of a listen, and of a purchase."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's second album, Bryter Layter, is the &quot;lightest&quot; sounding of the three he released during his lifetime.  While not happy by any means, there is a breezy sound that flows throughout the album that adds a lighter touch to such brooding tracks as &quot;Fly&quot;, &quot;Poor Boy&quot; and the two &quot;Hazy Jane&quot; songs.  The standout track on the album is the incredible &quot;At The Chime Of A City Clock&quot; which digs at the depths of the man and he confessionally lays his thoughts on the table.  Another striking album from the troubled yet talented singer."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is Nick Drake's most upbeat album, which isn't saying much, I realize.  He does combine elements of smooth jazz, horn lines and sax into his folk sentiments; it works well together.  While I wouldn't call it a happy album, it is nice, smooth and mellow.As always Drake's lyrics are built upon a series of images, mostly derived from nature.  Personally I find them the strongest element of his composition; but in this album the music is superb as well."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "i think this could be his best album- i think the best tracks on the first album might be better than the best ones here- but overall bryter layter is probably the better of the two. i defy anyone, and i mean anyone, in rock n' roll today to write something as perfect and as beautiful as, say, fly or at the chime of a city clock. drake's voice and guitar work, as well as the beautiful orchestrations of robert kirby and guest appearances by john cale and fairport convention members, among others make this a lush and truly incredible album, nearly every track is a classic. this timeless album is like all of drake's catalogue-essential. he just may be the best post dylan singer songwriter , and certainly until recently an underrated and unsung figure ."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Hearing Nick Drake for the first time was quite a revelation.  The guitar playing was so intriguing and...different.  And his voice really caught my attention.  This disc is awesome-I would say as perfect as an acoustic folk album can be.  &quot;Place to be&quot; and &quot;Which will&quot; are especially powerful.  No frills on this disc, just a man and a guitar.  There is an atmosphere of sadness that pervades this disc, it's great to put on when you have a lot on your mind.  It helps me slow down.  Essential."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pink Moon is the one of the most revealing folk/singer-songwriter records out there..which is odd, because the lyrics are impenetrably nonsensical. I think the reason Pink Moon is such an emotionally stirring record are Drake's melodies and the intimate recording style; as well, the strange guitar tunings provide the mystique necessary to buffer the lyrics' surrealist imagery. The magic of this album is in it's less-is-more approach that conveys Drake's mental state at the time. A fitting elegy for one of folk-rock's most talented, and troubled, songwriters."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's impossible listen to Pink Moon without tears in the eyes. Drake's would be dead months later and music would be in the listeners minds forever. But the sound made by that 25 years-old englishman with his words  and single guitar remains stronger than poetry, than VW commercials (that I  didn't and I won't see here in Brazil), than all the simple things. This  disc is a statement of life and how big it can be, Drake is saying death is  possible. And only someone who knew the life can say it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the greatest folk records out there. Not much else needs to be said. We lost a genius to an overdose. Not really appreciated in his time but this record will stand forever as long as it is available to listen to. The stark and fluid guitar work is contrasted with a voice so soothing, so troubled, and so damning of the culture around it. I can't really say much more. This record is an outstanding piece from one of our greatest musicians. The remastered tracks sound every bit as good as they should. Perfection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Never has music this beautiful been made. This is a precise peice of art, and you only wish he had made 20 or so albums. IT is very bare and to the point, but it is also inspiring. On a warm Fall day, or a cool night, put this on and sit back and relax, and let the music flow over you. It's pretty amazing, and i don't know why anyone would deny that. Hope no one does. Beck's \"Sea Change,\" and THe Sundays must have been made with this album in mind. So if you like them you'll love this, or vice versa. Besides the first song it is just Nick Drake and his guitar in a very stripped down personal setting, that sounds so fresh it feels like he's in the room. If it is possible to cry over an album of music then this is the one you'll be crying over. IT is that beautiful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Being a big fan of Iron & Wine, Sufjan, Joshua Radin, Elliott Smith, and Damien Rice, I thought I would try out this CD (also bought \"Five Leaves Left\"), as he seems to be an original...and I was impressed.  Nick's guitar work is very solid, his lyrics poignant, his voice mellow, and his songs strong.  The CD whips through quickly with its short songs (too short!), and I could definitely hear his influence in the modern day singers I mentioned above.  Although I prefer the modern singers, this CD definitely will work its way into my rotation.  I definitely recommend this album for those that enjoy this type of music...if you prefer Iron & Wine over Blackeyed Peas, or Sufjan over Timberlake, or Radin, Elliott, and Rice over Maroon 5, then you must buy this CD.  But do like I did...wait until Amazon puts it for sale under $10.00."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Of all the places to discover Nick Drake, I had to discover him in, yes, the Volkswagen commercial.  Despite this method of discovery, I am thrilled to have been able to discover Drake. His music can be dark and moody, but it is always beautiful, and always original. His lyrics, though sometimes non-sensical, fit the music well. They are mysterious and cryptic. The songs on &quot;Pink Moon&quot; are unforgettable. There is the bluesy &quot;Know,&quot; the elegant &quot;From the Morning,&quot; and my favorite, &quot;Horn.&quot; Horn is a sparce instrumental track. Drake creates an atmosphere with this song that I have yet to see paralleled. My only quam with this album is that it is over far too quickly. With each listen, I am left wanting another half hour of music. Despite this shortcoming, I would classify this album as a true &quot;classic&quot; and would recommend it to music fans everywhere."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Pink Moon\"(1972)...is the 3rd and final recording we were blessed with by Nick Drake...This album consists of Nick alone-vocals,acoustic guitar and piano-where on his previous releases \"Five Leaves Left\"(1969) and \"Bryter Layter\"(1970)...he was accompanied by studio musicians, also featuring John Cale, and with bass and string arrangements provided by the Excellent Robert Kirby...Pink Moon is an essential piece of music history...and will be forever recognized as some of Nick's finest work...Although ANY of the [3] albums are sure to please...I own all [3] and would be lost without them...How strange that Nick died in 1974...5 years(leaves)after the album \"Five Leaves Left\" was released...He is sadly missed-a poet, a wisened old soul who died at an all too early age...yet the perfect age to preserve who and what he was."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pink Moon will always hold a special place in my heart. Not only was this my first introduction to the Artist. But was also my first CD exchange with a dear friend. The ramifications of emotions and memories this album brings are at times overwhelming.This Album embodies all I ever wanted to achieve, and all that I have.In the most simple definition Pink Moon represents the true shape of music. Music in its purest form and most beautiful shade.Recorded over two nights in October 1971. Nobody knew he was making an album. He turned in the master tapes and proclaimed \"I have no more songs left to sing\".This is just a man and his guitar. No more, no less. This is not about making a statement, creating greatness, or re-designing the laws of music. But merely an expression. And that is what music should be.Is so easy to indulge ourselves with production details and ideals. That we forget what true music should be."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake did not record a bad album during his all too brief life.  This is his darkest effort, the sound stripped down to mainly his own guitar, and quiet voice.  It is clearly a product of a great mental anguish, someone fighting their daemons, barely able to function.  The lyrics are less lush and hopeful than earlier efforts, the arrangements starker-- overall, a bleaker, surreal mood that matches the album cover.  The album showcases his guitar virtuosity drenched in melancholy and alienation.  It is impossible to listen to this album and not feel for this man."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I, too was shocked and amazed (and a little saddened)to hear Nick's Pink Moon used to shill for automobiles, and I can't help but wonder what people will make of this if they buy it because of the TV ad...this could most  accurately be described as &quot;uneasy listening&quot;, on a par with Neil  Young's &quot;Tonight's The Night&quot; and I would instead recommend  Bryter Layter for the uninitiated. However, this is my personal favorite  Drake LP, so yes, buy this one too, so you can discover what a very select  few have known for years...that Nick Drake was a major talent and the world  is a poorer place for his passing."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "of course it is..you know that.my first exposure to a nick drake songwas sebadoh's cover of pink moonback in the 90's.for whatever reason i didnt really listen to nick himselfuntil 2007 when i was working at night by myselflistening to a playlist of hundreds of songs made by other coworkers,and this record came on the speakers.i think id always known id get it eventually.i think i had to grow up alot to really get it.now i feel i do more and more.a short perfect quiet melancholy record.very little going on, nothing but what's absolutely necessary.anyway, get it if you love music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake-Pink Moon ****1/2Pink Moon is one of the most alluring albums in the history of music. Both dark and ominous and yet somehow either hits you as a incredibly hopeful piece of music or the bleakest track listing this side of Big Stars THIRD album.With songwriting so sharp and poetic it drives you nuts and encapsulates you with each listen. Acoustic guitar work to write home about combining to make a sheer classic.Pink Moon is an album for all times, moods, and most importantly all collections."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is the most perfect 30 minutes you could buy.It is one whole suite not individual songs; each new song intensifying the last.PINK MOON opens and comes as a warning &quot;its gonna get you all&quot;.  What follows are songs that capture emotions indescribable, Pure Blues.  HORN is minimal to say the least, single notes express thoughts clearly.The last 3 songs are my favorite, Drake's guitar playing is excellent on these.  I cannot imagine how it is just him playing one acoustic guitar and thats it.  There is so much more going on.  His finger picking and the tone that he gets from his guitar are almost impossible to replicate.  Combined with his voice and lyrical interplay its just brilliant.Listening to this record is like a wiping clean all stresses and problems in your life.  Pure and Simple melodies to soothe your soul."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is just guitar and voice with a smattering of piano here and there. It contains classics like \"Radio\", \"Which Will\" and the well-known title track. \"Know\" is almost bluesy with its simple guitar and haunting voice, while the jangling guitar of \"Parasite\" has an almost hypnotic quality. \"Ride\" has a lovely pop melody and has been covered by other artists, I think. \"From The Morning\" is another pastoral gem. Although delectable in its minimalist elegance, Pink Moon is not my favourite Nick Drake album. I just enjoy his voice more with a fuller instrumental backing. Still, this remains a minimalist classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's final album, Pink Moon, was recorded over the span of two days.  Unlike his first two albums, which contained backing of strings, woodwinds and keyboards, Pink Moon is stripped down to bone.  Mr. Drake's expressive guitar takes center stage and the bleak arrangements feed the depressive lyrics.  The title has become famous thanks to its inclusion in a Volkswagon, but it is only one of many stellar tracks.  &quot;Things Behind The Sun&quot;, &quot;From The Morning&quot;, &quot;Road&quot;, &quot;Harvest Breed&quot; and &quot;Rise&quot; all contain dark, brooding, deep and thought provoking lyrics that show a man with clear inner demons."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "nick drake pink moonnick drake-guitar-pianoproducerthat's all who was in the studio in the time of making this acoustic classic how can such beauty come from such raw elements i can tell you, because nick drake had talent, and he presented himself well in his vocals, his guitar playing and his lyricsyeah to some people the lyrics may sound naive and childlike but to me they are simple for a fact of getting a point across,and the instrumental horn is a superb track in a middle of a masterpieceafter you've got this get \"five leaves left\"features the classic \"river man\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "yes, this is a sad and eerie record . i must admit that i prefer the first two nick drake albums, but this is a fine album in its own right. my favorite songs are things behind the sun and parasite. know is also excellent, a weird  little blues cut with ominous and powerful strumming by drake and  a few deceptively simple words. a majestic and rather creepy release from perhaps the greatest of the late 60's early 70s singer songwriters. and as always, his voice, arrangements and words are eerie,haunting ,and touching. highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is pretty good. The singer's voice for whatever reason reminds me of a softer version of Cat Stevens, the music is slower, quieter and melancholy. The arrangements are just him and a guitar, with a bit of piano on the title track. If this came out today, it'd probably be labelled \"sadcore\".My only real complaints is that the album is a little short, and I felt there could be a bit more accompaniment. The piano on the title track is nice. That's just a matter of taste I guess.I enjoy this album nonetheless. It's relaxing and I enjoy going for a walk during the evening with this on."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "i had this review completely written when my power went out a few hours ago. and you know how frustrating it is to try to write something over by memory, so i won't. basically, i was disappointed by this album because i love self and was expecting their debut to sound really fresh and exciting and creative, but it's frankly not as good as their &quot;breakthrough&quot; album--if it can be called such--breakfast with girls. and of course, nothing tops their recorded-using-only-toy-instruments off-the-wall masterpiece gizmodgery, which everyone in the world should own (i recently sold my copy for 27 bucks at half.com...it's out of print, and i'm counting on it being rereleased relatively soon). anyway, subliminal plastic motives sounds like a fifth album, tired, uninspired, and while self had definitely already established the roots of their unique electropop sound, it wouldn't achieve ultimate fruition until the 2nd or 3rd album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is absolutely perfect.  Every song is great in every way; the songwriting, musicianship and attitude are all just right and compliment each other perfectly.  Elvis Costello may be dignified and old now, but anybody who's heard this album knows just how punk he was back in the day.  Just listen to the lyrics on \"Lipstick Vogue\" or \"No Action\"...you don't wanna mess with this guy.  Also, he's the only person who has EVER looked good in those glasses."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's easy to see why this is usually listed as among the best albums of the 70's.  Coming off a very decent debut album, few could have been ready for this brilliant follow-up which reminds me a lot of Tom Petty's best work with the Heartbreakers.  The musicianship and songwriting has improved greatly over the debut effort due no doubt to the more polished backing band that represents the Attractions as well as Costello himself imcreasing in confidence and maturing in ability.  The sound quality of this remastered version is also brilliant and together with the wonderful mini-lp sleeve design which includes all the lyrics in English and Japanese as an insert make this the best version of this album that is out there at the moment.  Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you are in a party mood, this is definitely a record to play. The variation between tracks is not that great but that is not the most critical issue hear because most of the songs are really good.  The extra  tracks add soemthing sepcial especially the last three acoustic ones as I  never pictured Elvis as an acoustic artist.  He does quite well in that  realm.  However, Pump It Up, Lip Service, and No Action are my three faves  on this one.  Elvis really puts alot of effort into this one and that will  make it a good deal for most record collections."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Costello's first album, MY AIM IS TRUE, was perfect. His second album, THIS YEAR'S MODEL, is even better. On this album, all of the sexual tension that had been built up on his debut gets released. Just take a look at the  song titles. This album is very much about sex. Fortunately, Costello is  literate enough that he doesn't have to stoop to using graphic language.  Instead, he uses all sorts of similies and metaphors. This album just  explodes with energy. Also, this album serves as a wonderful transition  from his first album, MY AIM IS TRUE, to his third album, ARMED FORCES."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This second album by Elvis Costello is far better than My Aim is True, in my opinion. The tunes are more immediate with much more of a pop flavour whilst the music is also more rhythmically varied and compelling. It marks the transition to his wonderfully accessible Armed Forces masterpiece.There is even a reggae beat in (I Don't Want To Go To) Chelsea and a ballad with lovely piano - Little Triggers. My favourites on the original disc are the up-tempo Pump It Up, You Belong To Me and the poignant This Year's Girl, plus of course the pulsating Radio Radio with its subversive lyrics. Night Rally is somewhat dark and disturbing.The second disc includes a wealth of previously unreleased tracks, demo tracks, live and alternative versions. Not all of these alternate takes are as gripping as the familiar versions but they are certainly interesting and worthwhile, demonstrating various facets of his extraordinary musicianship."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Rhino Records and Elvis Costello deserve high praise for this re-release. This two cd set contains the original album on the first disc and a second disc of outtakes, live versions and an odd couple of songs- all of fairly high quality. Accompanying the two cds is an essay by Elvis Costello commenting on the songs and the history behind their inclusion or exclusion in the case of the second cd.This Years model features a young Elvis Costello fresh from his Saturday Night Live \"Radio Radio\" era. The cd is full of quirk energy, clever lyrics and youthful anger. From first song to last there isn't a bad tune.  The additional cd contains the lost \"Big Tears\" which Costello explains should have been included in the original album. Also in the second cd are live versions and a cover of the Damned \"Neat Neat Neat\". This album and the half dozen or more to follow were among the most influential music being made by the Punk/New Wave . Great stuff."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "at it. And so begins \"4th of July\", probably one of my favorite Galaxie 500 lines ever, next to \"I stayed @ home on the 4th of july, and i pulled the shades so i didn't have to see the sky,  and i decided to have a bed in , but i forgot to invite anybody\"Only Dean Wareham's fractured genius can paint a picture of isolation and self-doubt in this way, and his detached storytelling verses remind me of \"The Gift\" in a sillier setting. \"Sorry\" has this cool dreamy haze going on, as does \"melt away\", and \"king of spain pt. 2\" with its delicate percussion and waves of guitar gently drifts along. Find your own classics, own this lp. I can't speak for the reissue because I have the rough trade orig."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I go waaaaay back with Bruce, back when his albums were all hard-to-find imports. I stopped buying him after the disappointment of BIG CIRCUMSTANCE...and NOTHING BUT...and DART TO THE HEART. Seems like he was still writing great music but I wasn't connecting with it.So I'm catching up and re-listening to everything after WORLD OF WONDERS. And realize I'm not missing much. As always, his lyrics are exceptional but this is a dreary, monotone album where he &#34;speak sings&#34; pretty much throughout. &#34;Pacing the Cage&#34; is the &#34;old Bruce&#34; and a great, great song.The rest lacks hooks, melodies or refrains. Best to sit back and slip on the headphones and listen to his stories. You won't sing along but at least you're listening to an artist. Not at all at the top of his game though."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "While dismissed as Costello-Lite by some, this is arguably EC's masterpiece.  While retaining the feistiness of his first two albums, Armed Forces showcases Costello's evolving prowess in crafting really good pop(ular) songs.  'Oliver's Army' and 'What's So Funny...?' shine here, but there are another half dozen or so excellent cuts.The Armed Forces bonus disc is likely the best in the Rhino reissue series.  Alternative versions of 'Busy Bodies', 'Accidents...' and 'Goon Squad' are interesting.  'Stranger in the House' and scorching, live performances of 'Lipstick Vogue' and 'Mystery Dance' are classics.Excellent value here at $14.99.  Add another one of Rhino's 2-disc series and get free shipping!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Elvis Costello is one of the music world's smartest artists. He also has a gift for finding the greatest musicians. The bassist, Bruce Thomas, is the most innovative rock player I've ever heard. Elvis' thoughtful lyrics are perfectly suited to his driving band.Unlike most artists, Elvis Costello has an excess of ideas in most songs. He also writes far too many songs. The extra tracks written at the same time are very good and are thankfully included here. Hats off to Rykodisc for treating this artist with the respect he deserves by reissuing these recordings properly. Other record labels should learn alot from them.[DW]"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Coming off the very good second effort of \"This Year's Model\", \"Armed Forces\" represents a slightly more mellow Elvis albeit with the same biting, hard-hitting lyrics.  The synthesizer comes more into prominence on this album which sees a departure from the Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers'-type sound of the previous album and the sound is less edgy.  Although not quite as good as the second album overall, this third album is no slouch either.This version of the album which comes in a mini-lp sleeve design which has an almost origami type cardboard outer cover which contains a booklet with both Japanese and English lyrics as well as 4 picture postcards has one of the best album covers I've ever seen; the artistic representation of a herd of elephants is simply stunning to behold.  The remastered sound quality is very good too.This is a real treat for all Elvis Costello fans and is certainly a collectors' item."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I heard this album when it first was released and was totally impressed. I had to go and buy the two that were released prior to this one and have bought each new realease that followed. Although I'm not crazy about \"Almost Blue\" ,  \"Painted from Memory\" or that album with Sofie Von Otter. (Sorry Sofie, your a terrific singer....)The rest have been great and I still think that Goodbye Cruel World is terrific. I played it a lot when it was first released and still listen to it.The review from above:\"Armed Forces was the last title in a trilogy of albums that rank with the greatest three-LP series in pop-rock history. In retrospect, it also now appears to be the one on which the young Costello's pop tendencies peaked, right before they began to \"mature\" and grow less accessible. \"What about \"Get Happy\"??? I thought that album was very accessible!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...and pay attention to Elvis.  It is packed full of great pop/new-wave/punk tracks.  This album made it clear that Elvis it a great, unique talent, and that he could consistently write songs of uncommon quality.  This album probably formed the basis (or rocket booster) to his subsequent song writing career.  This genre is not one that I am normally drawn to -- but these are great songs.  Good album cover too (the original vinyl album had square color post cards inside and a strange and annoying 4 fold opening system!).  Oliver's Army and Watching the detectives were hit singles from the album, but ever song on the album was good enough to be a single -- a rare feat."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Listen to the opening lines of \"The Loved Ones\" and you hear Costello at his best. Snappy lines, sung with force and definitely dripping with caustic wit. Then we hit the piano \"noodling\" and the song starts to drift away from me. The CD is filled with moments like this; great lyrics and a solid melody often lost amidst overproduced musical adornments. Stripped down, this is some of Costello's best stuff; songs that walk the fine line between emotion and intellect. But every time I feel like I get close to the heart of the song, I feel lost in the middle of music that serves no purpose. This is definitely worth a listen and I still enjoy popping it in the machine, but I feel some of his other works is more deserving of the high praise given IMPERIAL BEDROOM."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As others have written here, this is the album that bridges Elvis v1.0 and Declan v1.0.  Whether it's the masterpiece where black and white turns to color (i.e. The Beatles' Revolver) is often debated.  For my money, this is the best that Elvis/Dec would do for at least the next 15 years - his subsequent work, IMHO, being dabblings in this genre or that.This would have been 5 stars, but my ears are STILL bleeding from the horrible, early digital on the original release mastered on the \"CBS Discomputer.\"  Rhino has done an admirable job of de-digitizing this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember reading an interview in 1982 where Elvis Costello expressed his desire to have someone like Frank Sinatra cover his tunes (as opposed to Linda Ronstadt). Out of that urge came IMPERIAL BEDROOM, and it shows wonderfully. Whether Elvis Costello was simply maturing or just displaying a side of his songwriting talent that he had to suppress for so long, I couldn't say. But IMPERIAL BEDROOM was certainly an ambitious and far-reaching album. &quot;Man Out of Time&quot;, &quot;Shabby Doll&quot; and &quot;Beyond Belief&quot; are incredibly brilliant compositions that, frankly, stunned me back in 1982. I couldn't get over the mix of sophistication and drama in these melodies. While I knew Costello was incredibly talented, I honestly didn't know he had such range.I don't think that Ol' Blue Eyes even bothered to listen to anything on this album--seriously doubt it. But for my money, just for the first few songs alone, this cd is worth every penny."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's commonly agreed that 'Goodbye' is not one of Costello's better efforts.  I concur, but must confess enjoyment of two songs that are generally cursed by EC purists:  'I Wanna Be Loved' and 'Only Flame in Town'.While not lyrically compelling, I find the songs musically enjoyable.  Love the strange synth feel to 'Wanna' and even the sax solo.  The demo version of 'Only Flame' on EC's 'All This Useless Beauty' bonus disc is superior to the standard recording here.  Costello originally seems to have conceived the song as a 50s style slow dance number.  It's kitschy but fun!'The Comedians', also recorded by the late Roy Orbison, is about the only other cut of significant interest.  Like 'Only Flame', the demo version of this song on Rhino's 'All This Useless Beauty' bonus disc is better than the one here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Punch The Clock was an attempt to court the pop charts that worked. Goodbye Cruel World was the hideous follow-up. The only decent songs of note were the duet with Daryl Hall, &quot;The only flame in town&quot; and  &quot;I wanna be loved&quot;, with Green from Scritti Politti on backing  vocals, with maybe &quot;Joe Porterhouse&quot; an honorable mention (it  didn't become a really good song until he turned it into &quot;(I love you)  When you sleep&quot; for Tracie's Paul Weller-produced debut LP).The  ponderousness that has marred much of Costello's material ever since starts  with the Impostor single &quot;Peace in our time&quot; - and we've been  suffering the consequences ever since. Get everything up through Punch The  Clock, and then punch the clock."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I will defer to all the laudatory comments listed here.  I had one observation, however, regarding this new version by Rhino vs. the previous, also-excellent version by Rykodisc.The final track on the Ryko CD was \"A Town Called Big Nothing (Really Big Nothing)\", a wonderful, 5-minute+ little gem originally writen for a Alex Cox film that featured Costello's father on trumpet.However, it is NOT included on the new Rhino CD. This is a curious and unfortunate omission, so FYI to all who are considering replacing the Ryko's.  Perhaps Rhino will include it on one of the future Costello releases.(UPDATE: The track never made it to any of the Rhino releases.  It now only appears on The Singles Volume 3 set.)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love E.C., I love the Attractions, I love Nick Lowe, so I was SO excited when this came out, as it was so hot on the heels of King of America. I was actually disappointed with King of America (it has improved with age, like  a fine wine), so I saw this as an obvious attempt to return to the  fantastic form of his pre-Punch the Clock days. As I listened, I was so let  down. I thought this album was a noisy mess with weak songs. As time  passed, I thought perhaps I'd been subverted by my own high expectations,  so I bought the Ryko reissue and gave it another chance. Well, my opinion  hasn't changed. It's still a struggle to listen to this album, possibly  even more so as my ears have aged and the mid-range heavy production grates  more than ever. I hate to say it, but I'd rather listen to Goodbye Cruel  World than this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After a couple of years of more subtle work, Elvis Costello reteamed with the Attractions for a fierce, angry release, Blood &amp; Chocolate.  With producer extrodinaire Nick Lowe again manning the board, Mr. Costello spewed forth venomous songs based around his recent divorce.  &quot;I Hope You're Happy Now&quot; sums up the overall tone of the album.  &quot;Tokyo Storm Warning&quot; is a blistering extended jam, while &quot;Honey Are You Straight Or Are You Blind?&quot; is a frenetically paced rocker that harkened back to the band's late 70's sound.  &quot;I Want You&quot; is a song that conveys Mr. Costello's longing for his lost relationship. Despite the overall angry tone, the album closes with &quot;Next Time Round&quot; which shows a more wizened man that will learn from his mistakes."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ms. Baez has a pure, crystalline voice that is an instrument unto itself. You will know what I mean when you hear her sing \"Waggoner's Lad\" without accompaniment. This is quickly followed up by some achingly beautiful folk songs, such as \"The Trees They Do Grow High\", \"The Lily of the West\", and \"Silkie\". Wham Bam... before you know it, you are hooked!This extraordinary CD originally ended  with \"Plaisir D'Amour\", which is a beautiful love song and, sung by Ms. Baez, one that will not be easily forgotten. This released, which has remastered the original recording, now has three additional bonus tracks that are pleasant additions to an already marvelous musical experience.  This is simply a wonderful CD, and if you are not already a fan of Ms. Baez, it will quickly make you into one. She is, undoubtedly, a national treasure."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is my 2nd time out for Baez's second album.  I'm a big fan of the first album and of her contemporary Carolyn Hester but I'd forgotten that I traded this one in years ago.  The arrangements are dull and pedestrian and it's amazing how irritating Joan's voice can be when the material (or it just the arrangements) are so weak.I'm a folk fan, Dylan, Carolyn Hester, Peter, Paul and Mary, the Weavers, Journeymen, Roger McGuinn, Fairport, Kingston Trio, and Ian and Sylvia are special favorites.  So, it's not so easy for me to dislike a straight-ahead folk album like this one.  However, I found Joan Baez's 2nd album a very difficult listen the 2nd time out.It's back in the trade-in pile (for the 2nd time!)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a live concert recording, so be prepared for clapping and an enthusiastic reception by the concert crowds. It is quintessential early Joan Baez, simply strumming her guitar and singing folk songs that she loves. It was recorded at various concerts during her tours in August 1962 and October/November 1963.Her clear, sweet soprano is exquisite, and her choice of these thirteen  folk songs  should satisfy the most ardent purists. Truly, hers is the voice of an angel. For those of us who grew up with  the music of Joan Baez, this recording is a glorious trip down memory lane.The quality of this cd is what one may expect from such an early, live recording, as it suffers from an occasional lack of clarity and from a slight variance in volume from song to song.  Still, this is a cd that all devoted fans of Ms. Baez will want to include in their collection, if only for her wistful rendition of  \"What Have They Done To the Rain\"."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "At the start of her career Joan Baez's pure, soulful voice was the signature of the early 60's folk movement; it is perhaps best displayed on this album and on Vol. 1 of the same. There is a special magic in her voice, her guitar and the response of the appreciative audience. The Portuguese song on this album, Nu Bello Cardillo, is touching but not as memorable as Ate Amanha on the first volume, while there's a lovely tremulous quality to her voice in the Dylan song With God On Our Side. My favorites on this second volume include the sorrowful tale of The Long Black Veil and the traditionals Hush Little Baby and Battle Hymn Of The Republic - the audience participation on the Hymn is very poignant and moving, and turns into a rousing spiritual experience. I personally prefer the first volume since more of those songs have personal meaning to me, but this folk classic is also an enduring treasure."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Paris is one of the many hip-hip artist from the early 1990's that didnt get alot of airplay, and mainly sold records on word of mouth. Let me tell you that even though Paris's other releases aren't as strong as this, \"The Devil Made me Do It\" has flavor that most hip-hop has lost today, and that is dealing with racial tensions, political issues, and Black History (ex..Black Panthers) The beats are also mind blowing, and this album is very Hard for the time that it was released. Even though the album is somewhat dated, it still is a treasure, and I hope people that are infactuated with todays hip-hop could take a few steps back and pick up an album of such importance. This CD belongs in EVERYONES collection. Its that good! (i only gave if 4 stars because even though it is a classic, there are some poor filler tunes here) ENJOY"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's the Hip hop's hair doo master Coolio on a debut album, my locc Coolio went from B.G. to Locc'sta from Compton, CA aka the CPT. Like I said on my review from Gangsta's Paradice, Coolio be blowin' on some Indo or some other type of funky gangee, because Coolio was the locc who released the ultimate house party groove Fantastic Voyage by far Coolio's dopest hit, County Line is a far out Dope song by my locc, Ghetto Cartoon is a funny cartoonished song with funny lyrics, and my locc has another good one called Ugly Bitches, what!? It's a true song by my locc Coolio."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album absolutely kicks the snot out of 95%+ of the music to come since. Picking highlights for this album is difficult but here's a couple:Ghetto Cartoon: Coolio gives you a rather twisted urban fairy tale featuring all the WB and Disney characters, hilarious and deft.Gangsta's Paradise: The title track to a major movie, and one of they very few rap songs that goes for 'haunting' and achieves it.Mama, I'm In Love Wit A Gangsta: Told half in telephone conversation and all in style.Just buy the album already."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this album mainly for GANGSTA'S PARADISE.  I've never been a huge Coolio fan, but I liked the song.  There were a couple of other good songs on the album, especially the one with the guest appearance by WC (the  Shadiest!).  The lyrics and the beats on that were pretty tight.  The rest  of the album was enjoyable, but nothing outstanding.  The lyrics were  nothing special and the production was mediocre...he needed more work from  Crazy Toones.This album isn't a must have unless you're a Coolio fan,  but it's enjoyable."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "But sadly it's not enough to save the album.  Except for that one song the album fails on many levels (Even for rap music) with it's anoying lyrics, bad beats, and even bad rapping!  Personally I think this guy has got some talent and is just afraid to use it.  He proved he's got the skill to be one of the greatest rappers out there with &quot;Gangsta's Paradise,&quot; and in the &quot;Space Jam&quot; soundtrack he (With the help of other rappers) helped make the best rap song I've herd!  He just needs to use some of his talent and he could go far and shove cheap rappers like Eminem out of the way!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot; is getting to be a quite old rap song...but it's still probably one of the best ever. It definitely goes on the top of my all-time favorite rap songs list. I gave this CD 3 stars because &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot; is the only song I've heard off this album. I'm sure the rest of the album is pretty decent, too. But &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot; will probably always be one of the best rap songs! If you love Coolio's music, than this is a really great CD and you must have it. Otherwise, if you only like &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot;, then I suggest buying the CD-single for it or the soundtrack for DANGEROUS MINDS. Totally awesome song. Probably Coolio's best. I just love it!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Earth A.D. is probably the heaviest, most aggressive recording The Misfits have ever released. This CD features their famous song \"Die Die My Darling\", as well as many other great songs. \"Wolf's Blood\" is a twisted portrait of a man who is transforming into a werewolf. Danzig's howls of pain and aggression are amazing, and the frantic guitars and drums in the song make it a favorite. \"Queen Wasp\" and \"Earth A.D.\" are very heavy songs, although those two tracks in particle don't have great sound quality. Right after this album was released, thrash metal was unleashed in the world of Rock. Coincidence? Perhaps, but this CD obviously had to have some influence on the artists of the category. Pick this one up today."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I went and bought this cd and I was not dissapointed with it at all. I heard very good things about it and I rushed out to get it as soon as I could. In my opinion, it is one of the greatest MISFITS cd's ever made! Every song on it is no less than perfect, such as,&quot;Earth A.D.&quot;, &quot;Die die my darling&quot;, &quot;We bite&quot;, &quot;Wolfs blood&quot;, &quot;Blood feast&quot; and many more! If your a real die hard MISFITS fan like me than go out and get this cd. It is a classic in my book!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The thing about Brand X, I mean besides it having caused me to take back all--well, most, anyway--of the nasty things I've said about Phil Collins over the years, is that their virtuosity as players is not just self-serving masturbation. These guys ARE virtuosos, but they use their skills to make really awesome music which serves the listener. I bought a few Brand X records (yes, records.... on vinyl), decades ago and the music is on my iPod today. If standing the test of time is one measure of good music, then this is good indeed.And, let's face it, for many like myself, this band turned the Phil Collins legacy from the lame, forgettable pop stuff he churned out like a placebo factory, to \"Holy crap; this guy is a seriously talented player\".\"Unorthodox Behaviour\" and \"Morrocan Roll\" are my favorites, though all of the Brand X releases are enjoyable."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This IS possibly the best Brand X album that features Phil Collins drumming on it. The whole album front to back is packed with some incredible jams and solos. Song in which stand-out on this album are &quot;Born Ugly&quot;, &quot;Euthanasia Waltz&quot;, and &quot;Unorthodox Behaviour&quot;. If you like Jazz, Rock or if you even like to Funk you'll definitely dig every inch of this. Another album to check out is entitled &quot;Marscape&quot; which is technically the first recordings of Brand X before they recorded under that name. The album is extremely hard to get a hold of in this country. If you ever come across it on vinyl it's definitely worth picking up. For me it's the start of the Brand X trip. It was recorded under John Lancaster and Robin Lumley but includes John Goodsall, Phil Collins and Morris Pert."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In the mid seventies jazz-fusion was at it's peak and there was no shortage of quality records being released. For me, one of the fusion bands that stood out was Brand X. Their music was captivating, all band members were tremendous talents, but most importantly, they had an original sound. Thirty years after it's release, this debut disc still is amazing and would be a great introduction to this band. John Goodsall shreds with the best of them but his soothing guitar work is just as striking. The chirping tones that Percy Jones creates on his fretless bass are unmistakable. Robin Lumley enhances it all by playing the perfect keyboard riff at the right time, and Phil Collins, on a break from Genesis, laid down some exciting drumming, maybe some of the best he has ever done. Enjoy."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First song, 20 minutes &quot;Crises&quot; is as good as &quot;Tubular bells&quot;.  The first 2 minutes are maybe a bit too new age but the rest is really uncredible especially the Watcher and the tower part.  The great Admam Ant is playing guitar on this song.Song &quot;In high places&quot; is sang by Jon Anderson (I just can't resist him).  I did not know it was Oldfield who did &quot;Shadow on the wall&quot;, a song that I liked a lot back in early 80's.  Well, it is on this album.  &quot;Taurus&quot; is a excellent  accoustic guitar piece.The 2 others songs are okay but I am not attracted to women's voice."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Not Mike's best album, but certainly a very good one. The second part of Taurus here is one of his better epic-length compositions, here reprising at the start the original chord progression from Taurus I, but played on different instruments. It goes above and beyond the scope of the first however, across the path of it's 25 minutes. Family Man follows, a track he co-wrote with a bunch of other people, and definately a different one for Mike. It's almost like a standard rock/pop song, fused with his own guitar and instrumentation. (It later became a hit for Hall &amp; Oates.) The remaining songs are decent enough, but don't really hold up to the standard of the opening epic. Still, an Oldfield fan will want this album for it alone, in addition to the adequate tracks that fill out the album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Mike Oldfield cautiously dips one foot into the early 80's synth-pop waters whilst still clinging to his prog-rock life raft in this interesting, if somewhat uneven offering. The inevitable 20 + minute opus is surrounded by some poppier, more conventionally structured songs. In fact, I'm sure there are millions of Hall & Oates fans blissfully unaware that the blue-eyed soul duo's top ten hit \"Family Man\" was penned by Mr. \"Tubular Bells\" himself! The title song bears more than a passing resemblance to M's seminal synthpop dance hit \"Pop Muzik\" (and may in turn have \"inspired\" 1984's \"One Night In Bangkok\".... Not a masterpiece, but a well-executed and mostly satisfying listen."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No matter what you feel about the Danzig phenomenon or where you stand in relation to stripped down guitar... Simply put, this is just a damn fine, energetic, frenetic, unself-conscious rock n roll masterpiece! So, whether you have the hoodie or not, whether you put the patch on your backpack or not- I don't know you, kid, and I don't care. Going on almost 27 years after they hashed this moster out in the studio, This Misfits album is one of the best of the late-70's, call it whatcha will, fearless, boundless, badass music. So pick it up, turn it up and grin real big as you stomp around your bedroom, spazzing out like you never would at a show, yelling, \"I got somethin to say-ay! I killed your baby today!\"...It doesn't matter much to me... Yeah"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This are the first recordings of the first real Misfits line-up (Glenn Danzig-vocal, Jerry Only-bass, Franche Coma-guitar and Mr.Jim-drums). All the material recorded in just few takes.Here you'll hear original Attitude, that is covered by Guns 'n' Roses (Spaghetti Incident LP) and Last Caress (which was covered by Metallica). Glenn's singin' is amazing.Whole album is included on Box Set, with exception of two songs: Spinal Remains and beautiful In The Doorway."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First of all, to the reviewer who said that this album has nothing on artists like Blink 182 or Good Charlotte, you should check to see if your brain is functioning.  \"Static Age\", one of the Misfits' most well known works, is pure punk pleasure from start to finish.  Glen Danzig's howling Elvis Presley/Jim Morrison-esque voice is just great to listen to as the Misfits take rock back to it's roots with simple chords and melodies combined with Danzig's toungue in cheek B-movie inspired lyrics.  Standout tracks, like the title track, \"Last Caress\", \"Return of the Fly\", \"We Are 138\", \"Teenagers From Mars\", \"Hollywood Babylon\", \"Attitude\", and \"She\" are revered classics, and proof why this band has had an overaching legacy from 1977 to the present."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Glen Danzig and his friends have simply made the best punk cd ever.  And it would be this cd.  I guess I'm not too much into the politics of punk, but this is a truely great cd.  With its cheesy B-Horror movie lyrics, traditional punk riffs, and 50's esque vocals, this band is, in general, just a fun band.  They are by far the #1 Halloween band ever.  They don't care what anyone really thinks, so they basically do whatever they please.  Some people may be offended by some of their lyrics or something, but oh well.  Glen Danzig should have never left this band, or they would be by far one of the most respected bands ever.  Wait, they already are!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album still sounds so good.  The songs are simple but driving with great rythm lines and great drumming.  Mr. Danzig has recently in my opinion entered his fat Elvis mode(if you get a chance, you should watch the online video of him getting punched out for being an insufferable jerk), but there is no question as to the brilliance of his vocals on this album.  His voice(to continue the analogy) sounds like a possessed Elvis.  It's amazing.  Angry but in tune.  Static Age is much more in the punk vein of the Ramones, and less like bands the Germs or Black Flag, which Earth A.D. sounds more like.  The songs are all great sing alongs.  Anthems even.  I suppose his lyrics aren't for everyone, but I personally view them as ironic in that sort of dark humor kind of way.  Even if punk isn't your normal cup of tea, you should still give this album a try."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is about as punk rock of an album as you can make without a Guitar in sight.  But then again, there are touches of Ben Folds' sweet sorrowful side too, which makes it a little less punk.Standout tracks include Underground, Philosophy, and Boxing, though all of the tracks have a potential difference to them.  Underground starts with fantastic and humorous intro, then kicks into some friendly, happy keyboarding...Boxing is a sorrowful tale of a man at the end of his career, looking back on whether or not he's proud of himself or not.  It's a touching and bittersweet tale and shows a little of Ben Folds' great story telling ability.Overall, Ben Folds is an AMAZING piano player (and completely nuts live).  The songs transcend &quot;piano music&quot; and this album has a fun, youthful tone to it, which seems to be a rarity in &quot;piano music&quot; as well.If you're a little bit alternative, then this is a must own album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you aren't familiar with the band they consist of a piano/lead singer (who's name is Ben Folds), a bass, and drums.  They have a very unique sound, and they all came out of heavy metal bands (weird, huh).  This album gives me the feeling that this is the real, raw Ben Folds.  Before the crazy success of &quot;Whatever and Ever Amen&quot; due to the song &quot;Brick&quot;.  My favorites on this CD are &quot;Jackson Cannery&quot;, &quot;Alice Childress&quot;, &quot;Underground&quot;, and &quot;Boxing&quot;.  If you bought Whatever and Ever Amen I highly recomend you experience this side of Ben Folds Five, and if you are just looking for a great album with a fresh sound, this is it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Well, this is it kids, a trip back in time...before the &quot;Whatever &amp; Ever, Amen&quot; days, there was an album simply called &quot;Ben Folds Five&quot;. It was good. Very good. Too bad they wouldnt put &quot;emaline&quot; on it, because it is a terrific song, but despite that omission, it is *Still* a GOOD album. If you like Ben Folds's stuff, you should pick this up. Pick it up if you're not. Buy it. Enjoy it. Love it, it will love you back, i promise. OK, this reviews isn't so good, i know. Maybe its because I had all the songs downloaded before i bought it, and denied myself the glory of enjoying it as a whole, but regardless, It IS A GOOD ALBUM. Buy it, for me &amp; Ben."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have everything Ben has ever done since this album (with the 5, by himself, with the Bens, etc.).  This is still my favorite collection of Ben Folds tunes ever.  Of course I will always have a place in my heart for Whatever and Ever Amen (I listened to it literally 1000's of times after it was released!) but this is the disc I can go back to and listen to all the way through any time (Whatever and Ever has some definite slow sections).  This first eponymous CD is filled with great songs...every single one a \"keeper.\"  \"Jackson Cannery\", \"Philosophy,\" \"Boxing,\" \"Uncle Walter,\" \"Underground\"...great songs to drive around in your car and rock out to.  These guys were so good...I like Ben's solo work, of course, but the Ben Folds Five were the greatest."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The first CD put out by Ben Folds Five is the beginning of an era. True, it may not have the same sound as &quot;Whatever,&quot; but I assure it is still the masterwork of Ben Folds. As readings about the album shows, Ben mixes from the best, taking the styles of Gerscwinn, Jerry Lee Lewis, and even Little Richard. This is a fun album to listen to. Ben puts forth an amazing amount of feeling through his intriguing lyrics and style of play. Try it out, I am sure that you if you are a fan of the piano, you will be a fan of this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Five stars isn't sufficient for an album that contains &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin,&quot; one of the great vocal tracks sung by anyone. Many consider this song Sinatra's greatest and Nelson Riddle's arrangement is  nothing short of electric. This is an album where you can put it on, hit  play and never fast forward, all the songs are eminently Sinatraesque and  every single arrangement has a touch of genius.Frank's phrasing is (as  always at this stage of his career) letter perfect. Listen to &quot;It  Happened in Monterey...&quot; never a particular hit, Frank rarely sang it  live, but who cares? It's immortalized here, forever.If you love  Sinatra, you will already have had this on vinyl and cassette (maybe even  eight track). If you're new to Frank, don't hesitate one moment: grab it  and listen to it for the rest of your life."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although this lighthearted version of Sinatra doesn't appeal to me as much as his darker side does, there's no denying Riddle knows how to make anything swing, and the Voice delivered a tune--virtually any tune--better than jsut about anyone, save Ella Fitzgerald.And, while some of these tunes are a tad too cutesy for me, &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; is perfection, &quot;It Happened In Monterey&quot; shimmys seductively, and Sinatra's quiet approach to &quot;Anything Goes&quot; is charming."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Probably my favourite Sinatra's album. Released in 1956. Arrangements are done by Nelson Riddle and songs are fabulous. Here you can hear such great songs like on of his biggest hit, Cole Porter's I've Got You Under My Skin, Gershwin brothers' Love Is Here To Stay,...Pennies From Heaven was a big hit for Louis Prima, Anything Goes (another Porter's composition) for Ella Fitzgerald,...This is one of his best albums (and not only for Capitol Records).So, lay down and enjoy this fabulous set."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was my introduction to Sinatra, thanks to the rave reviews it received from Downbeat critics and readers upon its release in the fifties.  It still holds up as Sinatra's best-balanced, most polished swing album,  the standard by which his later versions of the same songs can be compared.  This is not to say that the interpretations he gives here are the  definitive ones: some listeners may prefer later, looser versions of  &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; or &quot;Pennies from Heaven.&quot;  But  without this album it's pointless to judge the later versions--by  Sinatra or anyone else.  With this album Sinatra, more than any other male  vocalist, showed what distinguishes a jazz singer from a pop crooner."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The British version of this CD is called \"Mr Fantasy\" - it has a superior CD sleeve to the US version, but a lot of it is in badly mixed mono and sounds very flat.  The same album is available in the US version under the title \"Heaven is In Your Mind\" - it is all in stereo, and sequenced much better - makes a BIG difference - and is far superior to the U.K. version.  Both versions are great - whichever one you end up with, you're gonna love if you like psychedelic music!  Because this album is a psych CLASSIC!  I have both versions and I ALWAYS listen to the US version (\"Heaven is In Your Mind\") because it sounds better and makes more sense the way it is sequenced. I had never even heard of the album until 1 year ago.  I investigated this year, and I am SURE GLAD I did!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am spending time filling in the gaps that I missed out on during the 60s and 70s. I grew up with the better known 'John Barleycorn..' and 'Low Spark..', but recently (thanks to the classic 1983 Rolling Stone Record Guide)acquired 'Mr Fantasy' and their 2nd album 'Traffic'. Both knock the spots off the later Traffic, and while the critics gave 'Mr Fantasy' only 4 stars I rate it one of the best albums ever. Two songs on this album, namely 'No name, no face, not number' and 'Mr Fantasy' must be amongst the best rock songs ever, ever written (to say nothing of Steve Winwood's ethereal singing!). Regarding the issue about the US versus UK versions, I was fortunate to but a recently re-mastered CD that has both on it! Get that one, then sit back like a happy cat and lick the cream..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Mr. Fantasy is a fine cd and I would have given it 5 stars any other time. Until I bought and listened to the 2000 Island remaster of \"Heaven Is In Your Mind\" This is the original stereo american version of the album, and the one, that I have been waiting for for at least 30 years to be released. It has the original american track listing including two tracks that were dropped when they re-released it as \"Mr. Fantasy\" which is the english version (stereo much less defined). I highly recommend \"Heaven Is In Your Mind\" to anybody that grew up in the sixty's as I did, and remember the superb stereo on the original UA release."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember when this cd was released in the 80's...the supergroup made of some great musicians of prog music....this album got immediate success, everybody liked it.  Now listen to this cd again and realize how this was a poor cd.  I did and I can say that this album is really poor and I won't listen to it for the rest of my life, this is the kind of pop prog for the mass and has nothing to do with real prog music.  Instead, look for what these guys has made in the 70's with their respective bands and you'll see the difference...."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In 1982, Steve Howe of Yes, Carl Palmer of Emerson, Lake, and Palmer, Geoff Downes of The Buggles, and John Wetton of King Crimson formed one of Rock's first &quot;supergroups&quot;.  The result of this union was this unvbelievable debut album.  Penned by Wetton and Downes, this album produced the classics &quot;Heat of the Moment&quot; and &quot;Only Time Will Tell&quot;.  This album was released at the same time MTV hit the airwaves, so these songs received many hours of play.  This album still ranks as one of my personal favorites even after 20 years.  I can't get enough of Geoff Downes' keyboard work and especially Carl Palmer's unparalleled drumming.  Each track is first-rate and the insturmentals are perfectly blended.  This album is a must for serious rock music fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a case in point about what was wrong with the 80's, my least favorite decade musically. In the 70's, you could trust a union of musicians of this magnitude to produce scorching, jaw dropping prog rock.  But in the 80's it only amounted to overproduced, manufactured for mass  consumption, calculated FM corporate rock. There is nothing prog about  Asia. Anyone who thinks this is prog needs to listen to these musicians in  their better days of glory with UK, Yes, ELP,King Crimson. My opinion on  this one will never change with time. File with GTR under 80's bad idea  supergroups."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In 1982, it seemed as if the new supergroup Asia would be the great white hope of AOR fans. Most of the 70's supergroups had either disbanded or faded into obscurity, and Asia looked to be the heirs of the format and the band that would continue the glories of FM rock into the 80's. Alas, after this first LP, Asia descended into mediocrity, turning out many more albums, none of which equalled this outstanding debut. This record is a document of What Might Have Been, simply put. Well worth owning, and a fitting coda to the great rock albums of the 70's."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This first album by ASIA is astonishing. To speak the truth, I think it's their only worthwhile album. THe production (by Mike Stone) is clearly slick and commercial, but the songs are top-notch. Howe's guitar never sounded so fresh, alive and hard before. Carl Palmer is explendid, freed from EMERSON LAKE &amp; PALMER's tendency to overblown their songs. Wetton's voice is one of rock's best, and Downes' keyboards fit in completely. It's a shame it didn't last long and, for their second laubm, Asia tried even harder to go totally mainstream, sealing the destiny of the band, with the departure of Steve Howe (Howe still tried to get total mainstream attention with the horrrible GTR project)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Asia was Steve Howe, John Wetton, Geoffrey Downes, and Carl Palmer. These four guys would become instant stars with their debut album, simply titled, Asia. Howe was already an accomplished guitarist with the progressive supergroup, Yes, while Carl Palmer brought his talents from the equally-successful progressive trio, Emerson, Lake & Palmer. Downes was a keyboard player for Yes' Drama album from 1980, and Whetton was an accomplished vocalist elsewhere. They would fuse their talents and come up with some of the most memorable songs of the 80's, and of all time. Songs like HEAT OF THE MOMENT, SOLE SURVIVOR, and ONLY TIME WILL TELL are classics to this day. These guys would stick around for several more years and albums, and wouldn't match the success of their first album. Still, they were a great band that put out some great music. 9/10"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "terrible supergroup schlock.  If this is their best cd, I wonder how terrible the others are.  mind alteringly dumb lyrics that are mindless pervade this cd, by the official \"prog rock supergroup.\"  supergroups tend to suck hard, and I would say that this band blows more than most.  Avoid at all costs, there is much better prog music out there.  I was previously a fan of the work these guys did in other bands before, and I am extremely dissappointed that something so aseptic could be brought forth by them.  Maybe they didn't have that much talent in the first place."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Loser\" is the song that put Beck on the musical map and this EP (5 songs, 23 min.) is essential to any Beck fan's collection. For one, none of the 4 bonus songs are on the \"Mellow Gold\" album.\"Corvette Bummer\" is in the same vain as the \"Mellow Gold\" album, with an irresitable beat. \"Alcohol\" is an accoustic reflective tune, quite nice. \"Soul Sucking Jerk\" is a 6 min. scratch-and-rap tune, also irresistable. \"Fume\" is the only weak track of the bunch.Beck has done many different things since \"Mellow Gold\". I loved \"Midnite Vultures\" but I just didn't \"get\" his latest CD (\"Sea Change\"). However, Beck's output from the \"Mellow Gold\"-era remains unsurpassed, and this EP is essential."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is probably former Eagles drummer Don Henley's best solo effort, with &quot;The End Of The Innocence&quot; coming in a close second.Perhaps a bit too much synth for my taste, but that's a minor complaint, and &quot;Building The Perfect Beast&quot; does feature some of Henley's best and most melodious songs, such as the MTV hit &quot;The Boys Of Summer&quot;, &quot;You Can't Make Love&quot;, &quot;Not Enough Love In The World&quot;, &quot;You're Not Drinking Enough&quot; and &quot;All She Wants To Do Is Dance&quot;.Henley's voice is strong and soulful (he was always The Eagles' greatest singer), and with the exception of a few minor tracks, the songs are of high quality, both lyrically and melodically."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although several songs here haven't aged well, the majority of this album allows us to remember  the days of conspicuos consumption and moral bankruptcy that defined the 1980's. \"All She Wants To Do Is Dance\" is my favorite here: anyone who has ever traveled abroad and been embarresed in public by the rude, ignorant behavior of our countrymen will relate to this one! \"A Months Of Sundays\"  takes up the forgotten plight of America's farmers, whose suicide rate for a while, at least among males, rivaled that of Western Samoa! \"Drivin' With Your Eyes Closed\" sums up our politicians today as well as it did in 1984.  Henley writes for Americans who still read books, and stil believe that individual freedom is the last doorstop we have left before the door of government-imposed conformity slams our heads in its marble-encrustedframe.This is easily one of the top 10 American rock albums of the 1980's!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Building The Perfect Beast was at the peak of music technology for 1984 and still sounds excellent today. Sunset Grill and Boys of Summer will live on as 80's all time rock classics. Don's lite rock is just as good as his  hard rock songs. Don always has great studio musicians backing him and has  an  all star lineup here. Danny Korchmar's guitar playing rocks throughout  the CD. David Paich and Michael Boddiker do excellent work on the  synthesizers; especially on Sunset Grill. Every song is good, if not great  on this album, plus Henley's lyrics always make his recordings worth a  listen."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is a good showcase of early Banshees only but of course not representative of their full career which started moving in different directions after the release of this compilation. Hong Kong Garden which burst onto the UK charts in 1978 still sounds unique and special after all these years while the other early hits have lost none of their icy appeal. I would have included some additional songs for a Best Of covering their early days, like &quot;Mother/Oh Mein Papa' from Join Hands and perhaps &quot;Jigsaw Feeling' from The Scream. In conclusion, Once Upon A Time is a window on the more &quot;elegant&quot; and certainly more intelligent side of UK punk rock."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Jon Sykes, Jon Sykes, Jon 'Effin' Sykes!!! His guitar work on this CD is absolute ball buster! If I only liked the track Still of The Night this disc would still be worth it but Sykes slashes and burns throughout the disc. And his guitar tone is monster! And I say this as a drummer, not a guitar player, that's how impressive Sykes is. You wanna hear some fierce guitar work then this CD is the real deal. Air guitar alert!![...]"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When \"Here I Go Again\" comes on the radio, i always end up listening for a few moments just because I am baffled about how bad some songwriting can be.  Its hilarious that when you hear a line, you can predict the next one.  I dont think Coverdale means anything he sings...he just picked the words cuz it sounds good...to him anyway.In the Still of the Night is no better.  The music sounds as if they intended it to be some brooding rock anthem.  Its like they were trying to create some type of mystery and suspense building towards  some rock zenith ...but when you hear the lyrics....all they are saying is \"Im horny...gimme some\".  Hey, Im not opposed to songs about sex, but give me a break, dont pretend like you're telling me something brilliant.All in all, Whitesnake is exactly what Spinal Tap was making fun of.  I bet Whitesnake didnt even get the joke."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This may not be their best album, but it's easily their most popular. The casual fan will find their biggest hits on here. This was released in 1987, and includes &quot;Still Of The Night&quot;, &quot;Is This Love&quot;, and the huge hit &quot;Here I Go Again&quot;. However most of the other tracks are nearly as good. &quot;Crying In The Rain&quot; and &quot;Children Of The Night&quot; are two other favorites. Overall they were one of the better hard rock/metal bands of the era, and had great taste in hood-ornaments too. Also better than &quot;Great White&quot;, and &quot;White Lion&quot;."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There's some pretty cool material on this album from Whitesnake.  A total of nine tracks is included, and the album is in a straight-ahead hard rock musical direction.  The musicianship, songwriting, and production are tight and satisfying.  Most of the songs are straight-ahead hard rockers.  John Sykes does a great job with the guitar playing.  His guitar riffs and solos are really good, and he also helped write almost all of the album's material.  David Coverdale does a good job with the vocal duties.  There's also some nice keyboard playing throughout.  The songs that I like the most are &quot;Still of the Night,&quot; the ballad &quot;Is This Love,&quot; and &quot;Don't Turn Away.&quot;  All three are memorable and well-written songs.  The rest of the tunes are good, too.  This album is solid and worth a listen."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Whitesnake's self-titled album, was great when it came out in 1987, but it has sled a little since.  The bluesy Whitesnake had become part of the hair rock scene in 1987.  David Coverdale, Aynsley Dunbar, John Sykes, Neil Murray and Adrian Vandenberg (who had a hit in '82 \"Burnin' Heart\").  Their 9th studio release broke this band like wildfire.  This album gave us, the rockers \"Children Of The Night\", \"Crying In The Rain\", tremendous track, the Zeppelin clone song \"Still Of The Night\",#79, still one of my favorites from these guys.  The melodic rockers in, \"Give Me All Your Love\", #48, and the ballads that got played to death \"Is This Love\", #1, and \"Here I Go Again\", #2.  They would release \"Slip Of The Tongue\", in 1989."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is Whitesnake's great work of art. Every song makes you sing along and play air guitar. Even people who don't care for heavy metal liked this when I played it. Whitesnake was the best of the bands to pop up from Deep Purple alumni. This record gives Led Zeppelin a run for their money. It is even better then Van Halen's debut. John Sykes is one heck of an axe player. Neil Murrey had been im Whitesnake for it's entire career since it formed in '78. Dunbar is a decent metal drummer. Adrian Vandenburg did some guitar work on this album, and he also contributed the nicely done keyboards. A huge album, it was overshadowed by Guns N' Roses debut the same year. This is one of the best classic heavy albums of the 80's and all time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If I could only keep 10 albums and I had to sell all of the others, this one would be on my 10 keepers. This debut album from Tesla is dynamite! While Modern Day Cowboy, Gettin' Better and Little Suzi got the most  airplay in the late 80's, the rockers EZ Come EZ Go, Cumin' Atcha Live, 2  Late 4 Love and Rock Me to the Top can melt your eardrums and your  speakers. The two lighter but very good tunes are Changes and Love Me. The  other songs on the album are also respectable.Jeff Keith has a good,  raspy vocal delivery that he practiced while driving cement mixers. It's  easy to identify Tesla's work by his singing. Great guitar work by Frank  Hannon is another of Tesla's signature trademarks. While the Great Radio  Controversy and The Best of Tesla are both albums worth acquiring, this is  by far their best effort."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like that '80s depth of field, enjoy the synthesizer when it's used sparingly and tastefully, as it is here. Funny that the '80s now sounds more dated than some of the music Joni references from the past, a cool cover of \"Cool Water\", plus a few other songs recalling \"Johnny Angel\" and \"Corrina, Corrina\" (Mitchell's gotta be thinkin' 'bout Big Joe's version, yeah...).Opening song, \"My Special Place\", is pretty okay - sounds like the theme to an unsold 1987 TV pilot about a coffee shop run by two 36 year old divorced feminists.Once again, her lyrics stand alone as poetry - and there isn't, and never was, a whole lot of rock and rollers who could seriously sell their words separate from their music. And this keeps Chalk in a Rainstorm on the home carousel."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is not one of the strongest albums Joni Mitchell has released. The are a lot of guest vocalists and they don't always match with Joni's voice or songwriting. The lyrics are ok as well as Joni's voice, but the synths sound so dated by now. Most of the songs suffer from that. There are a lot of albums who have a distinct 80's sound but this one hasn't hold up that good. I own all of Joni's albums and hate to talk bad about her but this album is not one of my favourites. There is only one song on this album that is really good, the closer A Bird That Whistles. A simple acoustic track with saxophone from Wayne Shorter. The photography on the cover is beautiful as well. So, not one of her best but she has made so many exellent albums that this one pales compared to those."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Edie Brickell and Company recorded one hit song \"What I Am\" which burst forth from the late 1980s college rock scene onto the pop charts and became inescapable on the radio.  It's also the tune that kicks off their debut album, the appropriately titled \"Shooting Rubberbands at the Stars,\" interesting now as an occasionally catchy period piece.  Brickell could be annoying as both a singer and a songwriter, but she followed up the hit with a few other decent tunes, including \"Little Miss S\" and \"Love Like We Do.\"  Elsewhere she comes off as an underage hippie relic who would have been more at home recording twenty years earlier.Overall, \"Rubberbands\" is interesting as a one hit rock period piece from the long gone college rock era."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"I'm not aware of too many thingsI know what I know, if you know what I mean...\"Sa ovim recima pocinje kultna pesma 80'., What I Am, koja i otvara jedan od najznacajnih albuma iste decenije Shooting Rubberbands At The Stars.Izuzetno mudri tekstovi plove kroz ceo album, koji su imali vidni uticaj na zenske izvodjace koje su donele 90'.Edie je uspesna na svakom polju, nebitno da li peva o ljubavi ili drustvu, pesme su pune osecanja, i nikako ne mozete izbeci njihov udarac pravo u stomak.\" I remember you put a chill across my facelike the air of December- I swear I remember it that wayI swear I remember itWhere r u know?\"Da li sada razumete o cemu pricam? Da li osecate jak uticaj Edie na Alanis Morissette?I to nije sve.Pravi sok dolazi na kraju albuma sa vise nego odlicnom besnom pesmom Keep Coming Beck.Odlican album za svaku preporuku.Uostalom What I am i Circle govore vise nego sto bi trebalo."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What can I say?I wish I could give this ten stars.(...)Edie Brickell is my favourite female vocalist of all and I absolutely adore the youthful and sensual beauty of her angelic  voiceNot only this the lyrics are very good .Edie ,who writes the lyrics, has a great turn of phrase , 'philosophy is a walk on the slippery rocksreligion is alight in the fog'and  'There's nothing I hate more than nothingNothing keeps me up at nightI toss and turn over nothingNothing can cause a great big fight'And this 1988 album is by far the best of Edie Brickell and The New BohemiansApart from 'the well known and wonderful 'What I Am' and 'Circle ' there are also other beautiful melodies like 'Little Miss S' , 'Air of December' ,'The Wheel' ,Love Like We Do' ,'Circle' ,Beat the Tune' and 'Nothing' I could listen for hours and still want more.if you like good music I cannot recommend this one enough"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Of all their albums, including &quot;The Ultimate Collection&quot;, this debut is the one &quot;Edie Brickell&quot; cd to have. Song for song it's the best. Besides the big hit &quot;What I Am&quot; being on here, it also includes &quot;Circle&quot;, &quot;Love Like We Do&quot;, &quot;She&quot;, and the bonus track &quot;I Do&quot;. I think anyone would enjoy this, even those who normally wouldn't listen to happy hippie pop music, like myself. You can just see her spinning around in the grass singing when you listen to this. For those interested, she also has a 2003 solo release called &quot;Volcano&quot;, and she's still as cute as she sounds."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "THE END OF THE INNOCENCE was Don Henley's third solo album and his second since he signed with Geffen Records. His first solo album I CAN'T STAND STILL was released on Asylum in 1982,the same label that his band The Eagles recorded on. In 1984,Henley signed with Geffen and released BUILDING THE PERFECT BEAST. Five years later,this album was released. Henley had two previous megahits with The Eagles,their albums HOTEL CALIFORNIA and THE LONG RUN. Now for the songs:the title track,which is the first hit from this album,features Bruce Hornsby playing the piano. The track was written or co-written by Hornsby. Other hits include THE LAST WORTHLESS EVENING,I WILL NOT GO QUIETLY,THE HEART OF THE MATTER and NEW YORK MINUTE. GIMME WHAT YOU GOT features Geffen Records labelmate Edie Brickell singing background(I want it,I want it). NEW YORK MINUTE also appeared on the Eagles' reunion concert album HELL FREEZES OVER,released in 1994. All the other tracks are good."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;The End of the Innocence&quot; really hit home.When JFK was killed in Dallas,I lost my Innocence.This song,that Bruce Hornsby co-wrote,and plays keyboards on,just brings back that terrible day.I was only 8,but I still remember sitting in my 3nd Grade Classroom,and being sent home.This song also tells about the terrible Reagan years,with the line,&quot;For this tired old man that we elected king,&quot; and the preachers telling us not to sin,while there sleeping with everyone and stealing our money.Every song on this CD has some special meaning.&quot;I will not go Quietly,&quot;about turning your life around,&quot;The last worthless evening,&quot; a loveless relationship,and a the wonderfull fun cut,&quot;Shangri-la.&quot; The last song on the album,&quot;The Heart of the Matter,&quot; is my favorite.Just forget about hatred,and move on.&quot;You keep carryin that anger,it'll eat you up inside.&quot;When you play &quot;The End of the Innocence,&quot; you think about the end of he 80's.This album is Don Henley's greatest solo Album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Together with the other guys in Eagles, Don Henley assured his immortal place in rock history. I wonder - how can a man who was a part of something so great as the Eagles release such a [bad] bunch of songs? I just don't get it! I owned this album for many years but when it was time to \"weed out\" my cd collection I decided that this one have to go. But before I sold it, I wanted to record the best songs from it, but I must admit that I couldn't find a single song I really like. So, now it's gone, and I have not missed it for even a split second!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I had this on cassette back in '89. It was da soundtrack of my life back in da fall of 1990. cruising listenin to songs like the title track, i will not go quietly (with guest vocals by Axl Rose), Last Worthless Evening, and another minor FM hit, If Dirt Were Dollars, which i thought was da bomb back in da summer/fall of '89. I remember the duet with Patti Smyth from Scandal (darn, it was only '89 and she was already a has been -lol_). Get this again if yer in da mood for nostagia, personally, i don't think i'd go as far as getting this album, there's some turd filler on here that sounds like the era it was recorded in, maybe download I Will Not Go Quietly and If Dirt Were Dollars, which were IMO, the best ones on there, and maybe dats just da nostalgia talkn."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There is always a day of reckoning. As the 1980's drew to a close, Don Henley's conscience cracked wide open, leaving no alternative but exorcizing the demons that dominiated from the mid-70's forward. This was the end of the innocence.The title track is an accomplishment in musicianship, but also a fine look at society's descent into shattered myths coupled with dreams destroyed. Great song for lying under a tree on a lazy summer day, wondering where it all went wrong.\" I Won't Go Quietly\" is a fabulous duet with none other than Axl Rose. It seriously rocks. \" If Dirt Were Dollars\" is so direct the metaphors get lost. \" The Heart of the Matter\", the closing track, finds Henley melancholy, accepting equal parts sorrow and blame. It's an open invitation to put self aside in order to return some dignity.A little philosphical, a lot melodic, this continues to stay fresh, almost twenty years later."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tesla's debut album &quot;Mechanical Resonance&quot; blew me away. Rarely had I ever heard such a straight ahead, quality hard rock sound. Well, with this second effort the songs are every bit as good. Of course I love the radio songs--the top 10 quality (not cheesy) ballad &quot;Love Song&quot;, the also slower tempo but excellent &quot;The Way It Is&quot;, and the gritty &quot;Heaven's Trail (No Way Out)&quot;. However, every other song on this album RULES too! Like with the first album, I could rave about each and every track. &quot;Hang Tough&quot; is an awesome heavy start to the album, &quot;Lady Luck&quot; just screams with attitude, &quot;Lazy Days, Crazy Nights&quot; is a party rocker, and &quot;Paradise&quot; is just one amazing anthem with a great softer side but a very uptempo ending--a true masterpiece of a song. Anyone who likes straight ahead, heavy, and yet melodic rock and roll should definitely own this one. A truly underrated classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "WOW, WHAT TO SAY? THIS ALBUM WAS AND STILL IS ONE OF THE DEFINING POINTS OF THIS PERIOD OF ROCK. TESLA ROCKED THE ARENA'S OF THE WORLD AND THIS ALBUM WAS THEIR BREAK OUT. COMPLETELY FULL OF GREAT SONGS. NO NOT ONE BAD ONE TO BE FOUND HERE! IF YOU HAVENT HEARD THIS ONE YOU SERIOUSLY NEED TO. TESLA CONTINUED TO PUT OUT GOOD ALBUMS BUT THIS IS THEIR BABY !ALSO IF YOUR INTO THIS TYPE OF GOOD TALENTED ROCK N ROLL CHECK OUT THE TORA TORA CDS. ABSOLUTELY WAY UP THERE IN MY OPINION. THESE GUYS WERE BEHIND IN THE GAME BLOOMING LATE AND GOT LOST IN THE GRUNGE BUT LORD HAVE MERCY THIS IS SOME OF THE BEST ROCK IVE HEARD AND IVE HEARD IT ALL."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Great Radio Controversy\" (1989) #18.Great hard rock music here, and a few nice peer ballads, there's plenty of meat and potatoes on this disc.  \"Hang Tough\" # 34 MSR, \"Heaven's Trail (No Way Out)\" #13 MSR, \"Lazy Days, Crazy Nights\", \"Did It For Money\", \"The Way It Is\" #55 hot 100 and #13 MSR, the ultimate classic \"Love Song\" #10 hot 100 and #7 MSR and \"Party's Over\".  Best Tesla album of theirs on the market.  Due for a re-master.  Out."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "HEART OF STONE is a fine Cher album, although a bit dated now, it shows strength in her vocals that is masked underneath electronic beats on her newer material (which is great too). The album has the mega Diane Warren hit &quot;If I Could Turn Back Time&quot;, who could forget that music video and the outfit? Not to mention that it's a great song. &quot;Just Like Jesse James&quot; is a nice midtempo ballad. It's hard to explain but this album has a certain grittiness to it, and a rawness to it. There's also some strong songwriting throughout the set. Other highlights include &quot;Starting Over&quot;, &quot;You Wouldn't Know Love&quot;, the title track, &quot;After All&quot;, and many others. Check it out if you haven't already!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have Cher's whole discograaphy sience 1987, when she released her first Geffen record. They're all great but definitely &quot;Heart of stone&quot; is the best.This album is from 1989, it includes some of Cher's biggest hits ever such as: &quot;If I could turn back time&quot;, &quot;just like Jesse James&quot; and &quot;After all&quot; next to Peter Cetera.&quot;Heart of stone&quot; became Cher's first multi-million selling album, it sold over 3 million copies in the Us and it's her best selling after her 1999 smash album &quot;Believe&quot;.Some of the song in this album were written by Diane Warren, one of the best song writers of all times, she writes song for singer such as: Michael Bolton, Celine Dion and Toni Braxton.Other hits of this album are &quot;Kiss to kiss&quot;, &quot;Love on a rooftop&quot; and the tittle it self."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "a detailed drawing of a huge heart of stone, Cher sitting next to it(with big hair)and from a distance...it all looked like a skull! Some used-CD's stores may have one festering in their bargain bins(I found it on cassette). The music doesn't reflect that original cover(may be why they changed it): it's power pop, heavy on lovelorn ballads. Very entertaining, but not exactly varied, colorful or substantial. Probably the best Cher from this period however, as &quot;Cher&quot;(with &quot;I Found Someone&quot;)and &quot;Love Hurts&quot; were slim on the hits. B+"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this as a tape when I was in first grade and lossed it a while back, so I decided to buy it on CD. I forgot how much I loved this album! All the songs are great and it includes some of her biggest hits like &quot;If I Could Turn Back Time&quot;, &quot;Just Like Jesse James&quot; and &quot;After All (theme from &quot;Chances Are&quot;)&quot;  I also like &quot;You Wouldn't Know love&quot;, &quot;Love on a Rooftop&quot; and &quot;Heart of Stone.&quot;  Her voice has really matured when this album came out. If you're a fan of Cher's 80's work or a fan of Cher in general then this is a great album to start out with.  Also reccomended is her other best work of the 80's &quot;Cher&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've had this album for almost 10 years now, and it is still as great as the day I got it. This is a true classic. The more you listen, the better it gets. This album is for all music lovers, not just fans of jazz. 10  years later, and Pat Metheny is still the only jazz I like. He is truly a  genius, and in a class by himself. I cannot put into words the emotions  that are brought out by listening to this album. It is some of the very  best music that is out there, and that will ever be out there. If you don't  have this album yet, you are depriving yourself of some of the best music  you will ever hear."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am a big Pat Metheny fan and have most of his work on CD. I am also a very picky musician when it comes to recording quality.Even if you already own this title, it is definitely worth purchasing again. The dynamics are new and wonderful! I estimate an increase in \"Gain or Loudness\" to be about 25%...even more improvement on quiet, pensive tracks such as Letter from Home or Vidalia. The balance is maintained and not overly compressed.The reappearance of the stand-up bass and the dynamic sweetening of Pedro Aznar's vocal stylings is what you'll notice right away. Turn up your subwoofer a little bit and enjoy Steve Rodby's masterful upright bass. The remaster also makes Pat's adventures to the higher guitar octaves more smooth and less screechy than the older pressings.Ear candy at it's best! Get It!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "my only contact with the music of RLJ was thru the album MAGAZINE which i found to be disappointing.Well imagine my delight when i heard this collection as it is a gem of a disc.RLJ sounds as though she was having a ball and it shows.Not one dud track.Its an album that you can stick on and leave with confidence and you will want to play over and over again.There are some really lovely tracks here HORSES with its unforgettable guitar line,the gentle reading of GERRY and the PACEMAKERS'DONT LET THE SUN CATCH YOU CRYING'and the superb RODEO GIRL.At times RLJ does indeed sound very NYROESQUE but no way would that ever be a bad thing,believe me listening to this album is a real pleasure."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With RLJ it always comes down to the songs.  Her first 2 albums are classics and her work since then has been inconsistent but usually very good however she hasd never been able to hit the high water mark of those first 2 albums.  As is the case with all of her albums, this one runs out of steam at the end.  Here is a song by song rating:1. The Horses - 52. Just My Baby - 53. Ghetto Of My Mind - 44. Rodeo Girl - 45. Satellites - 56. Ghost Train - 47. Flying Cowboys - 48. Don't Let The Sun Catch You Crying - 59. Love Is Gonna Bring Us Back Alive - 410. Away From The Sky - 311. Atlas' Marker - 3Recommended after you buy her first 2 albums."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There is a soft & endearing beauty to \"Night Ride Home\" that gets me everytime. With vivid imagery of Botticelli angels, questions of religion, & yearning for warmer weather, \"Night Ride Home\" remains an underrated masterwork. As always Joni expresses herself with those ravishingly perfect lyrics that are thought provoking & truly poetic. There are songs on simple acoustic guitar (Passion Play, The Only Joy In Town, Night Ride Home, Etc.) Wonderful synths (Nothing Can be Done, Ray's Dad's Cadillac, Etc.) & a welcomed return of piano on the truly breath-taking closer \"Two Grey Rooms\" a story of forlorn love. Joni yearns:\"You look so youthfulTime has been untruthfulHeaven knows I loved you30 years agoHot days, your shirt's undoneRainy days, you runOh and then you fade so fastBelow my window.\"\"Night Ride Home\" is a wonderful journey. I happily ride shotgun with every listen."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Its great to see several cuts from NIGHT RIDE HOME featured on Joni'snew look back, &quot;THE BEGINNING OF SURVIVAL&quot;, (being releasedJuly 27th) . Although &quot;TurbulentIndigo&quot; received the Grammy and basically took itsblue print from &quot;NIGHT RIDE HOME&quot;, I really felt the warmthand devotion return with NRH, something I had missed from Joni's works over the years after Mingus. Although I really enjoyed Turbulent Indigo,Night Ride Home is special, moody, sad at times but itshows the real Joni Mitchell that overproduction sometimeshit with its colder touches(during the 80's). I still listened to everything Joni putout but this underappreciated collection of songs hit me just at a timein my life where I was reflecting about life and this musicfrom Joni really touched me. She's deeply spiritual, alwaysseeking answers yet always asking questions in her songs. I have listened to this over and over since its 1991 releaseand it still one of many Joni Mitchell classic favorites."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Take a singular artist who became known for her gossamer voice, throw in a few decades and a couple thousand cartons of cigarettes and what do you end up with? Simply one of the most gorgeous CDs in her collection. It is wonderful to hear Joni's voice now, it is so different than back in the '70s... but it is definitely the same compelling, masterful instrument. As she has become older and her voice has deepened and grown a bit raspy, it has become downright haunting in places on this CD, like in \"Slouching Towards Bethlehem\" and my favorite \"Two Grey Rooms\". Supporting this unique voice which, though wisely not chasing the shattering highs of years gone by, is still precise and versatile, is Joni's surreal guitar and piano work. Supported by a smaller but familiar cast of expert musicians, \"NRH\" is one of the most beautiful, most mature, most objective CDs I've heard in a long time. It is so hard to believe it came out over 15 years ago!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Here JM displays a new-found sense of balance and harmony in her life and music. Night Ride Home proves that the creative embers were glowing brightly again. Her languid voice is accorded poetic justice by the sparse backing on themes eternal. Religious symbolism surfaces on Passion Play and Slouching Towards Bethlehem - the latter an adaptation of a Yeats poem. The topic of growing old, gracefully treated in Nothing Can Be Done and Come In From The Cold, is brilliantly balanced by the teenage romance of Ray's Dad's Cadillac, in which Joni puts one over Rickie Lee Jones, one of her followers. Savour these lines: &quot;Ray's dad teaches maths/I'm a dunce, a decimal in his class/when it comes to mathematics/I get static in the attic.&quot; Well this is music - not maths - and Joni gets five out of five for composition and performance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Night Ride Home was really a return for Joni Mitchell. She dropped almost all of the instruments that made her records released in the 80's sound so overproduced. There are more acoustic tracks who focus on Joni and her guitar. The lyrics are again from a very high level, like her albums from the 70's. Joni's voice has matured incredible and now you can hear that because of the sparse instrumentation. But that's not a complaint, because her voice sounds very cool and experienced by now. Absolute highlight of this album is Come In From The Cold, a song were Joni is looking back from the first time that she falls in love, to all the romance and relationships that have happened in her life. This is a great work from Joni Mitchell and if you love her more famous albums, you're gonna love this one also."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is fantastic,not only do you get Olivia's greatest hits,but 4 wonderfull new songs.I first heard &quot;I need  Love&quot; driving back from Florida.I thought this song was so different,about not having sex  untill you truely love someone,and also being worried about Aids.I really  believed this record was going to be a huge hit for Olivia.She was ready to  tour untill she discovered she had breast cancer.&quot;Deeper than a  river,&quot;was a hit in the Adult charts,and&quot; Not Gonna Be the  one,&quot;that sounds alot like the Bee Gee's, are fantastic new songs  also.This one CD has it all,from Olivia's begining when she was into  country music,to one of the greatest musicals of all  time,&quot;Grease,&quot;to Olivia's biggest hit,&quot;Physical,&quot; and  these four beutifull new songs.You have to get this CD if your a Olivia  Newton John fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the 4 newer songs on this must have release are awesome olivia - unfortunately personal problems hurt the success of the &quot;comeback&quot;. luckily a few years later we have &quot;back with a  heart&quot; classic olivia and a tour! fate twists back!  &quot;not gonna  be the one&quot; is a definite should've been hit and she should consider  re-cutting it for her next cd. &quot;i need love&quot; is a great dance  song and the ballads soar. plus you get most of the classics - what more  could we ask for but another new album!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lisa Loeb's first major album with her band Nine Stories, titled TAILS, is an excellent album on so many levels. It's one of those CD's you can listen to anytime, and it just speaks mountains to you, or it makes you want to sing along with it. Lisa's first single &quot;Stay&quot;, which was on the Reality Bites soundtrack, was the first song to go to #1 by an independant artist who had no record label. It's also on TAILS. &quot;Do You Sleep&quot; is another winner. The instruments are used well in this album. Composing and performing songs that combine effervescent pop with the lyricism of a skilled storyteller, Lisa Loeb is one of contemporary music's most sumptuous delights. The CD has not even one filler track. Other highlights include &quot;It's Over&quot;, &quot;Snow Day&quot;, &quot;Rose Colored Times&quot;, &quot;Waiting For Wednesday&quot;, &quot;Alone&quot; and the ever poignant &quot;Hurricane&quot;. Check this out for something new!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If there was any Wu-Tang member that could make a solid album between the 36 Chambers and Wu-Tang Forever era, it would be GZA. Every member of the Wu-Tang was talented and created in their own ways, but GZA knows how to make a phenomenal underground rap album. Unlike the majority of rap \"stars\" nowadays, GZA can craft excellent lyrics. The vintage kung fu sound clips also give it an extra step up. RZA did an excellent job in producing this album. With \"Liquid Swords\", GZA tells us how rap should be done: with meaningful lyrics, talent, distinctive vocal styles, and the soul of the Wu-Tang. A must own for the underground rap fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Wu-Tang Clan is definitely one of the weirdest and most hilarious rap groups that ever existed, but that's also what makes them one of the greatest. They have a great sense of humor (as seen in their awesome Kung-Fu movie interludes), and GZA/Genius is a funny-yet-great rapper. He's not my favorite, but he's very very good (he seems friendly even though what he's talking about sometimes isn't). The beats here are fantastic, though I'm not sure who the producer actually was (I'm 50% sure it was GZA/Genius himself). The lyrics are always interesting and occasionally pretty funny - you'll definitely love listening to it all. Basically, if you're a rap fan or if you already like the Wu-Tang Clan then you're going to LOVE this album! Highly recommended!Highlights include:the entire album!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This my favorite Wu Tang album.  It ditches the ultra-intense everybody-on-the-mic atmosphere of \"Enter The Wu Tang\" since the focus is squarely on GZA (despite numberous guest appearances from all Wu Tang Clan members)and replaces it with a creepy, even more subterranean feel.  This is some of RZA's darkest and heaviest production.  It fits perfectly with GZA's grim voice.  GZA always sounds threatening and scary but unlike the hyped up Ghostface Killah or macho-sounding Raekwon, The Genius portrays this with a laidback, creepily calm flow.  And great lyrics that are both streetwise and surprisingly complex.  Whether he's describing criminal fantasies, autobiographical slices of street life, or simply destroying rival MCs with battle rhymes, GZA sounds both wise and scary, kinda like an aging kung fu master who could kill you with his pinkie finger."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "GZA is one of the best lyricists of the Wu Tang Clan (he is also the leader of the group). His second solo album (first is hard to find) is a lyrical masterpiece. The beats by the RZA and 4th Disciple are as dark as the group's first solo album. Plus guest appearances by the Clan don't hurt either. Favorites are Liquid Swords, Duel of the Iron Mic, Living in the World Today, Labels, 4th Chamber, Shadowboxin', Investigative Reports, I Gotcha Back, and Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth (Killah Priest Solo). This is a classic album that should be bought by any fan of the Wu Tang Clan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This could arguably be the best Wu-Tang solo album.  Once again, the RZA lays down his amazing beats for his fellow Clan-mate to glide over.  The GZA, who is probably the Clan's most gifted MC, drops jewels throughout this album (peep &quot;Labels&quot;).  This is my second favorite Wu-Tang album behind &quot;Only built 4 Cuban Linx&quot;.  Also, his second Wu album was O.K., but the &quot;Legend of The Liquid Sword&quot; is hot too.  As far as this CD goes, certified classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a CLASSIC. Right up there with Cuban Linx. What GZA lacks in persona he more than makes up for with his wicked intelligent deliveries. He exudes a veteran aura, someone who has been there an done that. GZA cuts right to the chase and gets down in the thick of it in this album. It has a dark and gloomy aesthetic feel to it, which I love. Yo, do yourself a favor and stop reading my review and just buy this sh**t. It is just as good now as it was back in '95...You won't regret it ;)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yeah, sure, ODB has the most personality, and Method Man gets all the ladies, but when it comes to raw MCing and keeping faithful to the true elements of hip-hop, the GZA is unparalleled. This is the best Wu-Tang solo  album, bar none. It has the darkest overtones, RZA's production is deeper  than it had ever previously been (and never will be again, as far as I'm  concerned), and GZA's lyrics just knocked me out of my chair. It was chock  full of metaphors galore, technicolor ghetto tales, and anyone who says  &quot;Labels&quot; was less than brilliant needs a speedknot upside the  head. This is a beautiful piece of hardcore real hip-hop, and it deserves  to be in any collection. It's just a shame that he had to follow it up with  &quot;Beneath the Surface...&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "[...] new cds.  \"...the genius is nothing in comparision to this guy, this album shows what real hip-hop is all about...\"  Pretty much self-explainatory.  [...] you got no clue, go back to your pop rap [...] and you saying he defines hip-hop.  He is a sold out commercial artist, producing radio hits.  On the other hand, The GZA's name really defines him - GENIUS.  This album is one of the greatest ever.  It's simply amazing, some of the illest beats you will ever here, with some of the tightest rapping and sick flow, plus tight LYRICS.  This album is really classic, i am addicted to it.  Best tracks are Investigative Reports, Shadowboxing (my favorite), Duel Of The Iron Mic, and Swordsmen, but every other song is a classic.  Get this if for some reason you haven't already.  This is hip-hop at its best."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Some say its the best Wu individual release. I say it is the best. Some still don't know about this album. Those naysayers that don't think this is one of the best cd's of all times.. well it was a tape when I was coming up. I am sure they are a fan of and a believer that Lil Flip LL or 50 or somebody like that is the greatest of all time. You know they believe in some false profit like that. Please put the flying guillotines away and know that some people are still analog. We Wu heads are too digital. In the words of Bobby Digital..That reminds me I need to write a review for that too. It gets no better than the first releases for the Wu."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "People are right, this cd is a classic but I only gave it four stars because some of the beats on here just do flow right with GZAs crazy insane lyrics he spits on every song. Another problem is that there are only thirteen songs which to me, that with any rapper is just way to little.GZAs' probably my favorite Wu-Tang mc lyrical wise along with Ghostface and Ol' This happened to be one of my first Wu-Tang purchases, and I have to say, it won't be the last."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I don't know why this album gets the props it does. there doesn't seem to be any point where the production or the emceeing tries to grab you....and yet this is heralded as not only a classic, but by many people as the greatest hip hop album ever. It's nowhere near an Illmatic, The Infamous, Stress The Extinction Agenda, 93 to Infinity, any Kool G Rap' early to mid 90's stuff, Stunts Blunts & Hip Hop, Bizarre Ride II The Pharcyde etc, etc, etc...it doesn't even come close to 36 Chambers. I think this album is boring."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "one of the reasons I love rap is for the visuals that some rhymes put in my mind.. more rappers can't than can give me good visuals.. GZA is one of the best at doing that for me and he is just a great rapper.  It's dark and scary sounding while at the same time pure hip hop. And everybody who guested on the album gives great visuals as well.  This album has such an incredible vibe to it.. Plus, RZA did some of his best work on this album. the beats go with the rapping perfectly. if you like Wu-Tang clan, you need to get this/"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I always liked the Eagles, but I love Don Henley.  He has the smoothest of voices and his songs are fantastic.  This cd comprises some great hits that we all know and love.  The one song I'd like to see here (which obviously couldn't be on it because it was written and released after this was made) is Taking You Home.  That's one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard.  Other than that, there is Dirty Laundry, End Of The Innocence and New York Minute for us to enjoy.  I love this cd and I love Don Henly.  This is a must for any fan of his."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When The Eagles broke up in the 1980's, two members landed outstanding solo projects. One of them was Don Henley. Actual Miles blends all three of his studio albums, into one great package. The songs feature his hits Sunset Grill, and The Heart Of The Matter. It also features three new tracks.The Garden Of Allah, is the so-called sequel to Hotel California. I thought it was even more frightening and enjoyable, than its prequel. You Don't Know Me At All brings classic rock and excitement in its depths of hard core Henley fanatics. Everybody Knows is a remake of a Lenord Cohen tune. This song was off the 1995 album Tower Of Song: The Songs of Leonard Cohen.While fans still look foward to his songs with The Eagles, Don Henley proved to break down the walls, and tell haunting and understanding stories of pop music in each of our lives. It is not the end of the innocence. It still is continuing on."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Usually re-mixes bore the hell outta me and for the most part I don't see the point? If you have a good cd/song, why mess with it? Why take good songs and destroy them completely? Examples, Yes and Queen re-mixes come to mind just off the top of my head as really bad attempts at this. Anyway this is not the case here. Sure their are a few short comings, but for the just cranking it up at parties factor this cd rocks and the girl's a nice touch as well.Overall a decent attempt that deserves some notice."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is definetely a must own for any Misfits fan/fiend/whatever. Released in 1997, this CD features classics such as \"Dig Up Her Bones\", \"Mars Attacks\", \"Shining\", and \"Black Light\". Okay, so Michale Graves' can't sing as well as Danzig. But, hey. Not many Punk vocalists can sing better than Danzig. Michale's aggressive howls and cries sound well blended in with sharply-tuned guitars and bass. The drums are also decent. Pick this one up along with Famous Monsters."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lisa Loeb's second album, Firecracker has 12 great tracks but some of the songs took awhile to grow on me but songs I loved right away include: Falling in Love, Jake, I Do, Let's Forget About It, Truthfully, Furious Rose,This and How. Loeb has a beautiful and rich voice, her lyrics are poetic and haunting. From the song Falling in Love, \"The gray sky was romantic 'cause he was holding her hand, he was her man, the time between meeting and finally leaving is sometimes called falling in love.\" The title-track gives me the chills, the chorus is amazing. Truthfully is such a gentle and sweet song, so much better than I thought it was, \"You showed up with your parachute...\" If you like deep, meaningful, and poetry-like lyrics then Firecracker is for you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I had to get this CD again, after first having had it on vinyl well over a decade ago.Believe it or not, I can remember well a number of the tracks, despite not having heard them this whole time.'Static' in  particular sticks out for me.  A haunting rendition of moody,  post-holocaust science fiction, one can almost feel the desolation in the  atmosphere.  If you ever have to contemplate nuclear war and its mind  boggling aftermath, you should do so while listening to this song!Just  thinking of Planet P Project gets my creative imaginative juices flowing.  I used to curl up with a good science fiction novel with this on the  stereo-- and nothing has been quite the same since."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "PLANET P is a great progressive rock/pop album recorded mostly by singer/multi-instrumentalist/songwriter Tony Carey. Unlike his albums under his own name, which are more pop-oriented and rooted in bands such as Survivor, Shooting Star, and Asia, this one sounds a great deal like the Alan Parsons Project and features extended pieces. Carey sings lead on all but one song here, and the lyrics explore a theme that would be even more pronounced on Planet P's follow-up, PINK WORLD: anxiety over Albert Einstein's work with nuclear physics being used to eliminate the human race. The songs here describe the fears of the Cold War generations, and anyone who was a teenager or adult before glasnost should own this CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Something brilliant. That's exactly what happens when you turn Cher into nothing short of a rock Goddess, and mix her with Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, and Desmond Child. Aswell as these HOT producers, there's also production from Michael Bolton, Peter Asher and Jon Lind. This is honestly one of Cher's best ever albums. All of the tracks are brilliant, but my favourites are obviously the ones produced by Jon, Richie and Desmond!! (We All Sleep Alone, which is my favourite Cher song ever, Bang-Bang, Main Man, Give Our Love A Fightin' Chance, Perfection and Working Girl, though I really like I Found Someone, too!) I love them all! :)I think her later work is also great (Believe, Living Proof, etc...), though she should've stuck to Jon, Richie and Desmond! ;)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "My favoutite albums by Cher are her Geffen-albums, made between 1987 and 1992. It's this one, &quot;Heart Of Stone&quot; and &quot;Love Hurts&quot; (and the &quot;Greatest Hits 1956-1992&quot;, containing three new songs).  If you like any of the songs you've heard from these albums, you should buy  all of them, because they are great. They sound quite the same, but are  still, by some reason, very different. Diane Warren, Desmond, Child, Jon  Bon Jovi and Michael Bolton have written many of the songs on these albums  and they are great songwriters.  Buy this album, you'll love it! I like the  guita solos (some of them by Steve Lukather (Toto) or Richie Sambora (Bon  Jovi))."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...of a boring Monday night.I bought this album on cassette when it came out in 1987.  I'm listening to the CD as I write this review.  It is one of Cher's over-the-top albums, and I say that lovingly.  It's fun, full of catchy tunes, with an overblown production with credits that read like a who's who in studio musicians.  It is perfect listening when you are stuck in a traffic jam, or when you need music to propel you to clean your house.  The high energy songs will help turn washing your windows or dishes into a tightly choreographed routine.  Some reviewers refer to it as a comeback album, but for some of us, Cher never went away.  There might have been a few years absence from the music charts, but does it really matter?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After a string of albums that unfairly were overlooked by the mainstream (albums like Stars, Black Rose and I Paralyze especially), Cher signed to Geffen in 1987 and recorded a rock album that finally got people to take  notice.&quot;I Found Someone&quot; may have not been written for Cher  (Laura Branigan recorded it a few years earlier), but Cher makes the song  her own.  It is a rocker!  &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; is an all-time  gem that even Cher had remixed to put on her BELIEVE album. Some of Cher's  best vocals are on this song. &quot;Perfection&quot; is an underrated gem,  you hear Cher at her diva peak on the album.While some of this albums  production sounds dated 13 years later (Jon Bon Jovi, Desmond Child,  Michael Bolton were all at the top of their game), for anyone who remembers  this period, this album is a must-have."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I stumbled upon this album one day while browsing through music. I was familiar with her 1989 \"Heart of Stone\" release but not this  1987 self-titled album. It really an underrated treasure.I liked \"I found someone\" and \"We all sleep alone\" but I also liked the overall song of \"Main Man\". I really like the opening notes of \"We all sleep alone\".There's not a song on this album I dislike, Cher's powerful vocals sound great performing album-oriented rock material. I can hear and feel the emotions each song is supposed to convey. Diane Warren's songwriting and the production assistance from members of Bon Jovi were the perfect formula.I wish Cher had stayed with this type of material instead of trying to go into techno-disco."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In 1987, Cher was enjoying a successful comeback that had begun in the early '80s with acclaimed roles in films such as Silkwood and Mask.  So, by 1987, Cher, confident in her acting career, decided to set sights on the area which launched her career: music.  She hadn't had a top ten hit since 1979's disco anthem \"Take Me Home\".  Cher's self-titled 1987 album is very much a 1980's album. It's a little dated, but the songwriting and production were so strong, they hold up well.  Songs like \"I Found Someone\", \"We All Sleep Alone\", \"Main Man\", \"Hard Enough Getting Over You\" and a cover of her own \"Bang Bang\" are strong and well-produced.  I would argue that this is a better album than its follow-up, 1989's Heart of Stone, which was even more successful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Originally released in 1983, who could honestly forget this fun-to-listen-to new wave, power pop, alternative (call it what you like) band? Guess they disbanded after this record came out. Never one of my favorites but I remember this lp on the turntable at several college parties I hung out at back then. Tunes here I found to my liking were \"Shaky City\", the catchy \"Lie, Beg, Borrow And Steal\", their unforgettable 'signature' song {if you care to call it that} \"A Million Miles Away\", \"My Life Ain't Easy\", \"I'll Get Lucky\" and the surf guitar-like closer \"Hobo\". Nice! Followers of the Romantics, Goo Goo Dolls, The dB's and The Knack should really enjoy this reissue."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You Gotta Sin To Get Saved is a good album from former Lone Justice leader Maria McKee. She's a \"real\" musician and songwriter, not a record company product. She could sing the phone book and I'd listen to that voice. I like this solo release about a smuch as the first LJ album but not as much as Shelter. I'm not sure where this release falls in her solo career, if it was her 2nd, 3rd, 4th solo album...It's good music. If you like talented female musicians on the mellow side, this is a good CD. Sort of in the style of 10,000 Maniacs but better than Natalie Merchant.Standout track: I'm Gonna Soothe You"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Maria soothes the soul with this, her second solo album. Backed by the Jayhawks and old-friends from her Lone Justice days, she rips through the songs--some originals, some cover versions--with abandon. For proof, listen to \"I'm Gonna Soothe You,\" which basically wraps you in its warmth. \"My touch is gentle, my body is warm ...\" she sings, stepping out from the speakers. She's sexy, saucy, inviting and sweet all at once; and envelops you with her passion. Further proof: Her wondrous remake of the Goffin-King classic \"I Can't Make It Alone\"; and her raucous ode to her Lone Justice days, \"My Girlhood Among the Outlaws.\" A true classic - and for $7, a no-brainer. Buy it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this album after hearing (and loving)&quot;Spiderwebs&quot; and &quot;Don't Speak&quot; on the radio. I fell in love with it the first time I heard it. The only song that is not too good is &quot;World Go Round&quot;, but all the other songs are just too good to drag the record along. My other faves on the album include &quot;Sixteen&quot;, &quot;Different People&quot; and the title track. Sadly, thier other albums can't compare to this one. If you only buy one No Doubt album, this is it! This is one of the best CD's I own (Melanie B.'s &quot;Hot&quot; is the other)and I absolutely adore it. Get ready for a great ride through a &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;!!:)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tragic Kingdome seems like the most hyped recording by No Doubt.  With all those singles:  Don't Speak, Spiderwebs, Sunday Morning, etc.... I thought that this CD would be a classic.  Somehow, it is not.The thing is that in addition to the five singles there are ten other tracks.  And many of them just do not do anything special for me.  I think the hooks are less memorable as on Rock Steady and The Beacon Street Collection.  Sixteen is an exception as its a fairly catchy new wave rock tune. Different People has a nice jazzy beat to it with good horn arrangements.  And the title track has some interesting textures to its style.Therefore I count the recording as about a fifty fifty split between good songs and nothing special ones.  Therefore three stars seems like the right rating."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "So many good songs on this one! Try tracks 1, 3, 7, 9, 10, 14. Whether they're doing punk or pop or jazz or whatever, No Doubt makes it sound good. Gwen Stefani gets compared to Madonna, which embarrasses her, but she's a cute little blonde chick with Italian roots, so how could we not picture her as a mini-Madonna after Don't Speak, even though some of us can't help but gag at the comparison LOLDavid Rehakauthor of &quot;A Young Girl's Crimes"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt's TRAGIC KINGDOM is a classic album from the mid 90s. It has a unique sound that no one else was making at the time. There is a unique mix of reggae, punk, and pop found on this album. I remember how huge it was at the time. It has really aged well...10 years on and it's still a very listenable album. Singles included \"Just A Girl\", \"Spiderwebs\", \"Sunday Morning\", \"Don't Speak\", and \"Excuse Me Mister\". The album has a whole is great and there is no filler! Classic!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The breakthough effort of ska meets 1940's &quot;No Doubt&quot; is - without a doubt - an incredible album.  Full of wonderful melodies, and other delicious musicalities, &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; offers music  lovers everywhere a taste of that California sunshine!  Led by Gwen  Stefani, &quot;No Doubt&quot; sizzles with hit singles &quot;Don't  Speak&quot; , &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot; and so much  more.  Other swinging and equally notable songs include the melodramatic  &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;, the roudy &quot;Happy Now&quot;, and the  anthem-esque &quot;The Climb&quot;.  Stefani's voice is truly a unique and  powerful instrument, belting it's way into mainstream, backed by the  talented stylings of other members Tony, Adrian, and Tom.  &quot;Tragic  Kingdom&quot; is a great little album, really different from anything else  with its spunk, style, and spirit."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Up until \"Tragic Kingdom\", Ska/Pop type music was unheard of in the mainstream.  After the release of the song \"Just a Girl\", all of that changed.  It opened the floodgates for a wide variety of bands with horns.Back around 1995, when this album was released was when I actually liked Gwen Stefani.  Her voice was excellent (has gone downhill since), and she just had an attractive energy about her.  She was the single reason why No Doubt surfaced on the scene.This album, Tragic Kingdom, was a masterpiece.  I can listen all the way through, without skipping a song.  Standout songs are, \"Just a Girl\", \"Spiderwebs\", \"Sunday Morning\", \"Don't Speak\", \"Happy Now\", and \"Different People\".A must have!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt beared platinum fruit with this delectable collection of charttoppers and sparkling So Cal/ska-meets-punk-meets-pop. This is an incredible album which showcases the amazing versatility of each member of the group and highlights Gwen's incredibly expressive and confessional songwriting. This album just gets you jumping up and down, and happy. With sing-a-longable songs and irrepresibly irrestible rhythms, how could you go wrong? They stay in your head and they make you happy. Perfect music for listening to on the freeway an hour before dusk. Ascension-like. Very recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of my favourite albums of all time. The themes are consistent through-out the entire album, and references to DisneyLand are hidden through out. This is one of those cds you should have on a top 200 basis, especially if you love 90's music. The singles on this album are superb, but even the non-single tracks are awesome. The title track is epic. Also good are Happy Now, End it On This and World Go Round. Classic Ska, Classic 90's, and just good stuff all around."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd, which richly deserved its diamond status, brought ska and No Doubt to the peak of popularity.  While the ska fever has died down, this album and band remain vital in the music scene.  This album is, for the most part, a happy affair.  Gwen Stefani is for this band what Christine McVie is for Fleetwood Mac, someone who can make bouncy songs even about depressing subjects.  Anyway, this album is fantastic.  The title track descends into a cacaphony of clashing instruments, and other tracks, such as &quot;Don't Speak,&quot; &quot;Sunday Morning,&quot; &quot;Spiderwebs,&quot; and &quot;The Climb&quot; are also spectacular.  If you don't own this album now, what are you waiting for?  Buy it, listen to it, and love it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I listened to this for the first time in a long time recently and was pleasantly surprised at how good it sounds.This is the ultimate No Doubt album - terrific sound of ska/new wave/pop.  Listening to this album again during our present penchant for 80's revival made me realize that \"Tragic Kingdom\" was about 10 years ahead of it's time.\"Spiderwebs\", \"Excuse Me Mr\", \"Just A Girl\", \"Sunday Morning\" and \"Don't Speak\" are all great singles.Hopefully this band will truly return to their great roots and return to this fine form in the near future...I think it's the perfect time!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd was the essence of the ska/punk genre, this cd definateley represents the best of the ska/punk mix as well.  Then to top it all off Tragic Kingdom is No Doubt's best release out of all of their albums.  From songs such as Don't Speak and Spiderwebs, Gwen shows off her amazingly strong voice, and does it very well.  From the punk riffs, to the bright ska sound from the horn players No Doubt made a huge impression on the world of music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt is probably the best alternative band out there, with second runners up by Garbage. My favorite tracks listed on TRAGIC KINGDOM are &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Just A Girl&quot;, and &quot;Don't Speak&quot;. I could actually really care less for the other songs on this CD, but I still enjoy No Doubt which was the reason why I gave this 4 stars. Anyway, if you love bands like Garbage than you should definitely get TRAGIC KINGDOM. Also get RETURN OF SATURN, which is No Doubt's new CD-release. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Not knowing anyone who doesn't own this, or love this, is not surprising. Tragic Kingdom is what brought No Doubt up the charts, with the classic ska ballad Don't Speak. A lot happend to the band during this album including the band's jealousy of Gwen being the only one noticed. As you listen, you can actually hear the true closeness this band has. This album in particular heads toward a rock-edge, with enough trumpets to explode the sound system. What makes Tragic Kingdom noteworthy is the bands adorable, yet rock-hard tune, and the incredible, fun-loving band itself."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Massive Attack's first album, BLUE LINES, was an exciting and novel release that offered a range of superb tracks that didn't let the listener down. Four years later, Massive Attack released PROTECTION, and this trip-hop band tripped up a little.PROTECTION nowhere offers the consistency that BLUE LINES did, and many of the songs are rather weak, especially the title track and &quot;Three.&quot; The last track, a live performance of The Doors' &quot;Light My Fire&quot;, seems pretty out-of-place.However, there are a couple of great tracks which stop this from being a bad album, the ganja-influenced &quot;Eurochild&quot; and &quot;Karmacoma,&quot; and the ambient &quot;Heat Miser.&quot; This songs make the album listenable, but somewhat disappointing all in all.Happily, Massive Attack's next release, 1998's MEZZANINE, is one of the best rock albums ever, and regains the perfection (surpasses it, in fact) of BLUE LINES."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a terrific album dating from 1995. Massive Attack use many different vocalists and instrumentalists, and the overall style is slowish urban 90's music with beguiling rhythms and cool voices. It is well produced and quite sophisticated. The title track Protection is one of my all-time favourite tracks by anybody. Tracey Thorn from Everything But The Girl sings this excellent song. Other ones I like are the slow groove Heat Miser and the unusual rhythm of Karmacoma, which I grew to like . There's a live recording of Light My Fire, which proves that Massive Attack are a good live attraction as well as being great in the studio. I listen to this album frequently and I can strongly recommend it to any people who like great music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This overrated album doesn`t do much for me. I don`t really see what`s so special about it, and I believe it`s the band`s worse record. The title song is a good opener, and &quot;Karmakoma&quot; is a great moment as well, but after the third track, &quot;Three&quot;, it all goes downhill and turns into an average and bland trip-hop/ downtempo record. The last song, a cover of &quot;Light my fire&quot;, is particularly weak and just puts me away.A disappointig and souless album, &quot;Protection&quot; is alright as background music, but not much else."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this CD after being exposed to Nicolette's amazing vocals on Plaid's amazing \"extork\". On \"Protection\" she sings \"Three\" and \"Sly\". These songs are fine (the music's a little snoozy) but her underground solo work is generally better.  The other tracks range from dull to downright irritating.  Sounding hodgepodged, there is no common style nor theme to this album.I even bought Massive Attack's \"No Protection\"remixes hoping for better luck as well as different takes of the Nicolette tracks (so I can cut and paste my own remixes on my MD player).  Well,  her voice isn't even ON that disc, and as a whole the music was even LESS memorable.Perhaps Massive Attack, though seemingly popular, just isn't for me.  Maybe they just aren't strange and distinctive enough to suit my tastes.  ..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have always been a fan of Scarface since his first album. His aggressive stlye of rapping plus the social commentary puts him above the average rapper from the south. This second album has a lot of gems in it which are COMIN AGG, THE WALL, LETTIN EM KNOW, LET ME ROLL, YOU DONT HEAR ME DOE, DYING WITH YOUR BOOTS ON, NOW IF FEEL YA(deep old school classic), MR SCARFACE PART 3 FINAL CHAPTHER, HE'S DEAD and IM BLACK(deep record about police brutality). Filler: Still that n***a, Strictly For The Funk Lovers(stupid filler wher they pretty much say doodoochaser all over the record) and Funky Lil N***a(the little boy so wack its sidesplitting hilarious. Bottom Line: The World Is Yours is a classic that is that any Scarface fan will enjoy. Scarface's raps are still on point, the production was solid and he gave you a little insight on certain tracks. A definite must-have!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of my favorite albums of all time!! Scarface first solo album with no guest appearances (how many mc's can say that??). If you think you know hardcore hip-hop and u don't own this album.....WHERE HAVE U BEEN!!!The beats are so dark and hard that it would bury the average \"gangsta rapper\" trying to flow over them. But put that boy Brad (Scarface) up to the task and he tames them. Every song (yes i mean every) is a must listen. There are no interludes or shout out trks on here to be found. This is not just mindless \"gangsta rap\" this is Harcore Hip-hop at its finest..Hotep!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is real tight.I decided to buy this album because I heard the Luniz on my homie Dru Downs album explict game, back in 94'.I liked they rap so I got this joint, and I wasn't disappointed either.I mean the Luniz ain't as good as Dru Down but they good enough to listen to.This album features  Dru Down,Richie Rich,Shock G and others.The Beats on this joint is real tight nice and smooth grooves to ride to.The lyrics is what separates the Luniz from anybody else in the rap game thoy.Them fools be saying the funniest stuff you can think of and they just make it sound real tight in they street based raps.So if you like WestCoast music like me you'll like this and if you wanna get a good laugh this the one for you too no doubt."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Luniz debut album is a classic gangsta-rap album at gangsta-rap prime times. It's 2001 and I still like listening to it. So... I think it's off the hook! Maybe this ain't a well-planned album but that ain't a point of gangsta-rap. It's about repping the OAK on their G-level. Some people may know them from 'I got 5 on it' but there's much way better tracks on the album. I don't wanna dis' 'I got 5 on it' cuz that rtack a WestCoast classic but there's songs with better lyrics.  But I can admit that I really nod my head on \"I got 5 on it (+ the Reprise)\" and \"5150\", too. In addition, I can't dis' the Luniz 1st album in no way! That's a classic and everybody should'a admit it! Told: 5-stars!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Its the reunion of Scarface, Big Mike, Willie D, Ganxsta Nip, DJ Ready Red & Bushwick Bill back in 199Six, better & harder beats than their previous N.W.A. era kicks, the Kings of Houston, TX are back commin' str8 outta 5th Ward!  A tight Horrorcore song on this track is I Just Wanna Die by that psycho Bushwick Bill, and the Hard-Thuggish Ruggish hit Niggas And Flies done by Willie D & Scarface!  This GB Album is waaay better than any N.W.A. or post-Geto Boy Tracks.  Best songs are 2,3,6,7,8,9,10,11,*12,*13 & 15."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When I saw the band name Sneaker Pimps I thought to myself who would name their band this? I was listening to \"Six Underground\" the very 1st song I ever heard and I liked it so I listened to more of the music and I thought to myself not bad.  Kelli Dayton has a very soulful voice yet a bit to edgy, I am not saying shes bad but sometimes she sounds like a kid. Shes a good singer though. Chris Corner and Liam Howe wrote some very good songs.Chris Corner is a better singer then Kelli Dayton, I mean dont get me wrong shes great but Corner was a bit better, this is a alright album so I gave it a 3."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This would probably be a desert island top five album for me. It can literaly put you in a trance. I have not heard another album like this ever. They call it \"trip-hop\" but it's pretty much extremely well written dance-house music with a one of a kind vocalist. I fell in love with Kelli Deyton just from listening to this album one time. She has a very young and innocent sounding voice but at the same time she's singing these brilliant, sophisticated, troubled, and hurt lyrics, It makes for a VERY sexy sound. This is one of those albums that I never get tired of no matter how many times I listen to it. Chris Corner's song writting and Kelli Deyton's voice truly make for a one of a kind sound. If I had to compare them to one other band I would probably say Portishead but the Sneaker pimps are much, much better!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I thought Sneaker Pimps really had something going when I first heard &quot;6 Underground&quot;, but then when I heard the rest of the CD, I was very glad that I didn't buy the CD and just heard someone else's copy of it.  The songs are nothing like &quot;6 Underground&quot; and are lacking in both originality and artistic talent.  Not a good buy.  If you bought the CD, then you probably find yourself skipping through the entire CD and listening to the last song which was a remix by another artist.  The original is almost terrifying.  The rest of the CD is just garbage."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I really enjoy 6 Underground and Spin Spin Sugar, don't get me wrong. Those are great songs to have!! The rest of this CD was a big disappointment. It is unusual for me to prefer \"radio\" songs over the rest of an artist's offerings since the latter is typically more creative, in-depth, and genuine. However, for the rest of the album it appears that the Sneaker Pimps focused more on producing a sleazy, hiply dark image rather than making music. I was expecting a darkly sensual album when I bought this but the actual musical content leaves me hungry.  In terms of a truly full album in this kind of popular music, Garbage easily performs better.  If I could do it over again, I'd find the album and radio versions of 6 Underground and Spin Spin Sugar on singles or compilations instead."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Becoming X\" sounds like the trip-hop of a cold, advanced tech future with an approaching apocalypse. Yet, the music slightly glows with a human factor.Founded by Chris Corner(guitar) and Liam Howel(synth), The Sneaker Pimps released this debut record back in 1996, with amazing production from Line of Flight and Jim Abbiss. This is also the only Sneaker Pimps album where Kelli Dayton(later known as Kelli Ali through her solo career) lends her spunky vocals...and it contributes greatly to the attitude of \"Becoming X\".The album spawned two successful singles. `6 Underground' is a dreamy down-tempo techno-pop song that drove the success of the album. `Spin Spin Sugar' is fast, chaotic, bass-driven trip-hop that could fuel fire. However, every track on this record is great.`Becoming X' is one of my favorite electronica/trip-hop albums. I wish The Sneaker Pimps would've made more albums with Kelli Dayton, because magic happens!5 Stars!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'm not a huge electronica/dance/techno/what-have-you fan, but I do dabble.  If that's you, you might like this album.  The songs are reasonably catchy, and you may even find yourself humming them the next day  (I'm thinking &quot;Da Funk&quot;).  However, I found the album over-long  (I start losing interest around &quot;Oh Yeah&quot;) - fine for the  dancefloor, not so good for your living room.  Also, the  &quot;shout-out&quot; song, which is a quick (?) litany of people who are  &quot;in the house&quot;, is particularly annoying.  But for the most part,  it's quite listenable and fun."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "To think that it is nearly 10 years since this was released is incredible. I remember being freaked out by the Da Funk video with the talking dog and the video for Around The World was a clever piece of videowork. But anyway, it's incredible to think that after nearly a decade in circulation, it has aged well.Despite, the previous two that I mentioned ( which have gone on to be dancefloor classics ), the rest of the album is just as good with particular mentions to Indo Silver Club and Alive. Alive in particular, sounds very claustrophobic. Really gets you going. Still worth it after all these years."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a fun record... anyone buying this record looking for salvation will probably be disappointed, but if you want a fun, funky, dance record, then this is it... I love it personally, and it always hypes me up when I listen to it... just listen to the wicked... beats on Revolution 909, the soothing waves on Fresh, the funky bass of Around the World, the discoy feel of High Fidelity... it's great fun, and if you like dance music, you need this in your collection... if you like music you need it, for some variety... it's great fun, pick it up..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First of all, if you are new to Daft Punk, mostly because of Random Access Memories or the Tron: Legacy soundtrack and looking for more of there music; and you are not otherwise into electronica /house/techno, this is not a good place for you to start.  Your next album should probably be Discovery, as that's the closest thing to DP's more recent work in there back catalog.  If you can't get into that, you'd be advised to just stop there.This debut album is really early-- 1997, actually-- and is hard core club music: very loopy, very repetitive and mostly made to dance to.  And very electronic.  That is not to say that it lacks depth, however.  Active listening reveals many surprises and subtleties that make trancing out to it a great experience.  So if you like good electronic music, this needs to be in your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Though Paula Abdul first gained notoriety for choreographing Janet Jackson's CONTROL videos, her debut FOREVER YOUR GIRL managed to thrust her into the pop stratosphere, firmly taking a place right next to...Janet Jackson. How's that for karma?  Of course, it helped that she was fully armed with an album full of strong dance-pop tunes--'Straight Up','Cold Hearted',and you know the rest. Even the non-singles here are terrific, particularly 'State Of Attraction' and 'I Need You'.  The only real sore point is the album's sole ballad 'Next To You', which did nothing but remind us that singing was never really Abdul's strong suit. Otherwise,this is a nice reminder of what an engaging and sincere performer Abdul was, and why current  pop princesses like Britney and Christina don't hold a candle  to our Paula."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When this was was released, my friend loaned me a copy. During a get together, someone said that the album's \"all trash!\" But another giggled and admitted that he liked it. So it became the well loved trashy dance album of the 80s, giving Madonna and Janet Jackson a run in the pop dance market.The songs are very groovy. Besides the No 1s like Straight Up, Forever Your Girl, Opposites Attract and Cold Hearted, I especially like Knocked Out and I Need You. My only beef with this is that they did not put in the version of Cold Hearted which had Paula rapping.Many of of us ended up getting the accompanying VHS too to learn to dance like Paula."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Selling around 7 million, makes a good state, that this album is no mistake to buy it!, Paula Abdul debut album embraces the music of the end of th 80's and the welcoming of the 90's, she should be remember as the top artist of that slack of time cuz she was, better than Madonna and Janet. For my taste 9 of the 10 album cuts are great. Next to you(should be left out), The other songs are definetily great! and the 6 singles release in this album are just classic, sadly as most of all the albums in the eighties the radio version were slightly different but if you want that The Greatest Hits will do you good(beautifuly crafted all the singles version, way to go Virgin Records!!!). But as for all Forever Your Girl will be considered always one of time best debut album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sadly,Roy Orbison did not live to experience the success of this,his last,album. A heart attack claimed this talented musician's life in December 1988. He did live to experience the success of THE TRAVELING WILBURYS,VOL. 1,released two months earlier. The conception of the cover is weird. The title appears upside down and so is a copy of a photo of Orbison at the lower right. This album spawned two hits. YOU GOT IT,which was later covered by Bonnie Raitt for the 1994 movie &quot;Boys On The Side&quot;, and SHE'S A MYSTERY TO ME. A LOVE SO BEAUTIFUL,written by Orbison and his fellow Traveling Wilbury Jeff Lynne,was covered by Michael Bolton which was a hit for Bolton in 1995. All the other songs are pretty cool. I dedicate this album to the memory of Orbison."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was Roy Orbison's last album, which came out shortly after his death.  It went on to become his best selling album ever.  No doubt the publicity surrounding his death helped sales, but a lot of it had to do with \"You Got It\", which was Roy's last hit single.  \"You Got It\" is a great song, and there are several other fine songs here.  I especially like \"She's a Mystery to Me\" and \"The Comedians\".  This album makes a good final testament to the greatness of Roy Orbison.  Recommended to Roy's fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Roy was a west Texan,raised amidst the blowing sand,rattlesnakes,oil rigs,and women eager to break your heart. Like Buddy Holly, it all shines in the timeless music that he made. This CD is as close to perfect as it gets,as far as come-back albums. The production is absolutely great,and while I love all his older stuff,this is in a whole other league. Music by another Good Texan--buy a copy and put it with the SRV and Buddy Holly."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Mystery Girl is thirty-eight minutes and fifteen seconds and was released on February 7, 1989. Mystery Girl reached #5 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Album and #17 on the U.S. Billboard Country Albums and has since gone Triple Platinum. This was Roy Orbison last studio album before his sudden death. The album contained the songs that made the charts and his last number one song as well. To me this is classic Roy Orbison singing. Roy, you will be missed. Mystery Girl by Roy Orbison gets an AAAAA++++++.You Got It#1 U.S. Billboard Adult Contemporary (two weeks at #1)#7 U.S. Billboard Country Singles#2 U.S. Billboard Mainstream Rock#9 U.S. Billboard Hot 100In the Real WorldDream YouA Love So BeautifulCalifornia Blue#51 U.S. Billboard Country SinglesShe's A Mystery To Me#23 U.S. Billboard Adult Contemporary#26 U.S. Billboard Mainstream RockThe ComediansThe Only OneWindsurferCareless Heart"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After 7's debut disc was released at time when almost every R&B record released was A-1.Two-thirds of the trio are the brothers of producer Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds, and the other third is the cousin of Antonio \"L.A.\" Reid; the two produced the majority of the album, which features three smash hits and a host of other likable tracks. The singles released were Heat Of The Moment, Can't Stop and Ready Or Not. Can't Stop & Heat Of The Moment were both up-tempo dance numbers while Ready Or Not is one of the best slow jams released in 1989. However the one song to me that makes the CD a classic is \"One Night,\" an urban adult contemporary composition that was never released; it showcases Melvin and Kevon in an impressive vocal exchange over a mid-tempo rhythm."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD may only have 8 songs on it.  But each one of them is seriously all that.  Its like you can almost feel what they guys in After 7 are singing about.  I still remember hearing \"Cant Stop\".  I didnt know who it was then.  But when i found out.  I knew i'd found another great singing group.  \"One Night\" is hot as well as almost every other cut of this standout CD.I dont care what anyone says.  This CD deserves much props and After 7 deserves more recognition for bringing the goods on this CD.Check this CD out.  You'll wonder why you didnt get it sooner.  Those are my words."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album has stood the test of time. As I write this review 20 years after its release, the album still is sweet music to my ears. I bought the cassette in the winter of 1990 and fell asleep listening to it every night for the next 6 months. No matter how much I listened I never got tired of it.Track listing:1. Don't Cha Think 9/102. Heat of the Moment 8.5/103. Can't Stop 9.5/104. My Only Woman 6.5/105. One Night 10/106. Love's Been So Nice 7.5/107. Ready or Not 11/10!!!8. Sayonara 7/10"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was the last Camper Van Beethoven album before leader David Lowery  split with the band and went on to form the more conventional band Cracker.  &quot;Key Lime Pie&quot; is musically quite ambitious and makes good use  of a full time violinist, particularly on the ace cover song &quot;Pictures  of Matchstick Men.&quot;  Other CVB classics that inhabit this album  include the brilliant Ronald Reagan satire &quot;Sweethearts,&quot; the  wistful &quot;When I Win the Lottery&quot; and the brilliantly corny  &quot;All Her Favorite Fruit.&quot;  Not everything works, however, and  overall the album is of uneven quality.  Still, there's enough great songs  to make it worth your while."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of those bands that I can simply not compare to anyone. But sometimes those are the best ones. It's a great album from my senior year, that is probably better than I can put into words. My favorite song is &quot;Sweethearts&quot;. It's just got great guitar work, and an overall happy strummin' melody. Violin adds alot to many of these songs as well, especially on the great track &quot;Pictures Of Matchstick Men&quot;. They do it very well. Other cool songs are &quot;Borderline&quot; and &quot;All Her Favorite Fruit&quot;. After this album, &quot;David Lowery&quot; went on to do &quot;Cracker&quot;, and I think &quot;Morgan Fichter&quot; worked some with &quot;10,000 Maniacs&quot; and &quot;Jane's Addiction&quot;. But overall, not much satisfies like &quot;Key Lime Pie&quot;."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "More Like 4.5 Stars. It is not a perfect record, but it is very unique and creative.  Key Lime Pie is slower than the albums before this one.  Dave Lowery writes witty and ironic lyrics which can make you think, laugh, or actually picture the scene for yourself.  The violin is absolutely soothing, even on the raunchy The Humid Press of Days. Borderline and I was born in a Laundromat are two best cuts. When I win the Lottery is down right hilarious.  This album will take time, so don't make your conclusion after the first or second listen. Let Key Lime Pie seep into your bloodstream and enjoy. Dave Lowery and CVB are genius! I will have the pleasure of purchasing New Roman Times when I get the chance.  Excellent!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's very easy to call this album \"boring\" in comparison to the rest of the band's catalog, but it's not to be written off. Gone is the experimental stuff, and for the most part so is the goofy sense of humor and eclecticism, but what's left is some well-written clever pop. Imagine a Cracker album but with some mideastern violins once in a while, and you've got the picture. It's a bit heavy on the slow songs, so when there's the rare one that's a little less than excellent things can start to drag, but most of them are beautiful, and songs like \"I Was Born In A Laundromat\" and their cover of Status Quo's \"Pictures Of Matchstick Men\" manage to punch things up at just the right places. While I'd reccomend Our Beloved Revolutionary Sweetheart over this for a first purchase (it's as accessible, but done with a lot more creativity), it's still a very solid album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Good late '80's independent college rock title. Camper Van Beethoven has never been one of my favorites but I've always liked their name. As fate would have it, I got to catch them at a special radio station show play a club for like $1.05. This being CVB's fifth CD, it's the title of theirs that I do like the best. Tracks that are always nice to hear again {whenever I pull this disc} out for a spin are the edgy \"Jack Ruby\", \"When I Win The Lottery\", \"All Her Favorite Fruit\" and their superbly done cover of Status Quo's \"Pictures Of Matchstick Men\". Got to hang out with their violinist Morgan Fichter after the show. Also saw her like a couple of years later on tour with Jane's Addiction. Pretty sure that was her."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is actually one of the first CD's I ever owned so it holds a special place in my heart...That said, this has actually held up pretty well over the years. It's their second release; features a great combination of dance music, r&amp;b, and even a little jazz.  It's got a great vibe from start to finish; very solid throughout.  Very head-nod-friendly.Good stuff.  It's too bad this band basically fell off the face of the earth after this release."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I don't think Joe had made an album like this before its release and he definitely hasn't made one since like it. It is a somewhat popish album and not all of the songs are on the mark, but others are excellent, in both a musical and lyrical sense. &quot;Obvious Song&quot; may not be mindblowing, but it's typical Joe, as he vents about a few different social topics that he happened to have on his mind at the time. I absolutely love &quot;When Your Not Around&quot;, &quot;The Other Me&quot;, and &quot;The Old Songs&quot;. Most of the rest I would classify as good. In this case, the whole is certainly greater than the sum of its parts. Thus, a four stars rating."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "An underrated and very interesting record, &quot;Homebrew&quot; is a fine effort that wisely captures the musical zeitgeist of the early nineties. Creative and diverse, Neneh Cherry`s sophomore release combines pop, soul, rap, dance, spoken-word and, most importantly, is one of the first albums that presents some songs that origin the genre known as trip-hop. Although a bit uneven, this is still a landmark record that manages to be relevant today. Some of the hip-hop oriented tracks are a tad dated now, but the electronic and sophisticated ballads &quot;Move With Me&quot;, &quot;Peace in Mind&quot;, &quot;Somedays&quot; and &quot;Red Paint&quot; are as excellent as ever. An unnoticed gem worth discovering, &quot;Homebrew&quot; as much to recommend.Worthwile music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I think Neneh Cherry is underrated. Certainly underappreciated. Since  1989's &quot;Buffalo Stance&quot;, &quot;Kisses on the Wind&quot; and  &quot;Heart&quot;, Neneh Cherry has been mainly forgotten in America. I  think 1992's Homebrew is the best of her three cds. It has great songs like  &quot;Buddy X&quot;, &quot;Peace in Mind&quot;, &quot;Red Paint&quot;,  &quot;Move With Me&quot;, &quot;Trout&quot;, &quot;Ain't Gone Under  Yet&quot; and &quot;Money Love.&quot; This is a great hip-hop/r&amp;b cd  that was generally overlooked by the public. A must have for any rock  collector."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Maybe not so much now, but when this album came out Lenny was the man! If \"5\" isn't his most popular album, this is. The title track and video was everywhere, rightly so. I like the first two albums a bit more, but this is still solid. \"Believe\" was another cool single, and I really think \"Heaven Help\" is a smooth song. No hits in the back of this album, but I still think it's almost as strong as the first half. I think the following album Circus was good too, but this was so huge it made Circus seem like it failed. Anyway, groovy album man."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's a shame 'cause Depeche Mode used to be such a great band - it was even THE band back in my gymnasium times.What a pity to release such a sleepy album. The instrumentation on 'Ultra' is pretty inventive but most of the songs do lack positivity and maybe even musical willingness. You simply get sleepy, 'cause they're all in the same far too slow atmosphere.Especially the hit single 'Barrel Of A Gun' is embarrassingly boring. Not worth the former Depeche Mode quality stamp.Only highlights are 'It's No Good' which COULD make it to a 'Best Of' compilation, and 'Freestate', especially its crispy guitar.Depeche Mode needs to work on this adjusted style. It can work. But it'll TAKE some work!A big compliment though for sending 'Ultra' out on vinyl too!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ultra was their first post Wilder album and whilst it is not as good as Exciter it is the most inspired work that DM had created for quite some time. Songs like home, sister of night and bottom line all show what Fletcher, Gore and Gahan are capeable alone and without the dominering attitude of Alan Wilder. It was also the first time that they had employed outside artists to play on their records and the end result is quite amazing. They needed new blood and the idea to have outside artists come in and help with the recording is a stroke of genius. Dave Gahans vocals are not as good as on Exciter but they are much better then on SOFAD. This is an awesome synth pop album that should not be missed."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As far as pop music is concerned, Depeche Mode is one of my favotites (The Pet Shop Boys is my other favorite).  Ever since Black Celebration (i am not a big fan of their earlier material) they have been creating great  songs with memorable music and good, at times very dark lyrics.  Although  many songs on this CD  have a sad tone, most  of them have positive themes  like hope,love, and gratitude.  Occasional touches of electronica are nice  too."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "very overlooked album!Hardcore fans may not like it...they lost one of their band members and it sounds somewhat commercial at times and different than their past stuff...but I love it!  It still has a DM feel to it.Barrel of a Gun is perhaps the most experimental....you'll think &quot;wait..is this DM I'm listening to?&quot; Home is simply beautiful and breath taking...Its No Good is great and catchy...and from there, every track is fantastic...be sure and check out Freestate...another beauty...this may not be a sure fire classic like Violator....but its a great disc if your very familiar with the band."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The title track is a perfect Monk-style masterpiece... edgy, dynamic, and captivating.  It's obviously a difficult song to play, but I'm glad Monk had the patience to do it.  &quot;Bolivar&quot; is a stately blues, and &quot;Pannonica&quot; is another catchy blues.  &quot;I Surrender&quot; is a Monk solo song, and the 20-bit recording sounds great.  &quot;Bemsha Swing&quot; is the liveliest of the group, with Max Roach's tympanis providing the swing.  Sonny Rollins plays sax on this, and is of course superb."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I do not need to add much to the reviews of the original album, it is a classic.Legendary Producer Orrin Keepnews has been honored with a collection of Remastered CD's of the albums he has been associated with; complete with liner notes. Since I am a more recent fan of Monk, this remastering gives me a reason to buy this highly regarded cd for the first time.  The high reviews do not disappoint... and my  education of thelonius monk continues!BTW - A second version of Pannonica is not a bad thing as far as im concerned. it is a great song!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On Brilliant Corners, the music was as challenging as anything he had done in the past, but now the public seemed to be ready for what he was doing. Many consider this the album to be a masterpiece, and rightly so. Max Roach's drumming on the title track sounds great--tight, and full of impact. &quot;Pannonica&quot; made its debut on this album, and features Monk on both piano and celeste at the same time. Originally recorded on the spur of the moment to fill space on the album, the tender &quot;I Surrender, Dear&quot; sounds like you're right there in the studio. &quot;Bemsha Swing&quot; is a bit sloppy, but Roach's tympani playing stands out much more than it did on the OJC version. The only problem I noticed here is a click at the beginning of the title track. Aside from that, it sounds fabulous."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a very nice blow session, recorded almost 9 months after the extremely popular Somethin' Else.  Unlike the earlier album, this one is definitely a Cannonball album in style.  Unlike many later albums, this is a blowing session rather than a studio appearance by a live, working band.I'll admit to being lukewarm on Milt Jackson and my judgment of this album is probably affected downward as a result.  Milt's playing is nice here, just not anything that sets me on edge.Like a lot of Cannonball albums from this period, there is a healthy mix of ballads (\"Serves Me Right\"), bebop (\"Groovin' High\"), interesting originals (\"Blues Oriental\" by Milt Jackson) and extremely funky material (\"Sounds for Sid\").  Not a spectacular achievement but a very good one.  Fans of Cannonball's 50s playing will find a lot to enjoy here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On a shopping spree, I bought this one, speak no evil and maiden voyage. Well, after listening to all three, this one just stay in my cd player. Some of the best music ever recorded in any kind of music. Beware: it was recorded by Mingus on a portable equipment. The sound quality is not for this age of 2000 bit digitally remastered. Sometimes the players are recorded at differnet volumes throughout the album. But dont let that prevent you from listening to this amazing, work of art. If No Parker, no Miles, no Coltrane, no Mingus, etc."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd is an amazing document. If this was the only surviving artifact of the 20th century, of human civilization tout cour, then future races and alien species will undoubtedly be in agreement (however naively) that we were giants, that we, as a people, humans, earthlings, had emotional depth, a refined aesthetic sense, humour, intellectual refinement, and anything else you would want and hope for in sentient beings. The music here is perfect, sublime, peerless in its execution, epic in its scope, minute and detailed like the most finely wrought baroque trifle. Everything that it is to live and die in this world finds expression and reflection here. Unbelievable. Unforgettable. Unsurpassed. (100stars!!!!!!!!!)I don't know where I find some of the words contained here, anyway ..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This recording is an essential addition to any serious Jazz collection, capturing as it does five Jazz giants recorded together for the one and only time.Charlie Parker is on Alto Sax, Dizzy Gillespie Trumpet, Bud Powell Piano, Charles Mingus bass and Max Roach on drums. From the first number \"Perdido\" you know this something special. A medium tempo version which never stops swinging. Gillespie in particular is in fiery form on this number. On \"Salt Peanuts\" Bud Powell plays a memorable solo, which precedes a thunderous drum solo from Max Roach.The atmosphere is fantastic with the crowd applauding the musicians solos, and sometimes you can hear the musicians cajoaling each other to better performances. Considering the recordings are over fifty years old the sound is pretty good. The only reason this doesn't get five stars is because there is a newer 'complete' version of this recording.Sadly Max Roach the last surviving member of the this quintet has just died."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This session always sounds as if it were about to fall apart at the seams, which is part of its incredible charm. While its underrehearsed quality makes a lot of the Prestige Records \"blowing sessions\" of this period sound almost studied by comparison, the resulting album captures the essential joy of Monk's music with a sponteneity lacking in some of his other studio recordings. Drummer Art Blakey proves a particularly explosive partner, really driving things along with intensity and spirit, and Coleman Hawkins clearly is having a blast, turning the still-developing John Coltrane into the tense schoolboy on this session. It's all utterly endearing, from the tune selection to the cover art, with the extended workout on \"Well You Needn't\" so much fun, it oughtta be illegal. If I were forced to choose the two most essential among Monk's many great recordings, it would be Big Band and Quartet in Concert, and this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ok, this set has several of Monk's classsic compositions and is solid throughout. How could it not be with Monk , Coltrane, Blakey and Coleman Hawkins. I will say this..You WILL NEVER hear a better rendition of Ruby My Dear than the one rendered here. Hawkins playing is absolutely magnificent on that track. It would be worth the price of this cd just for that one cut. The bonus is that the rest of the cuts are extremely well played Monk Music so you can't miss with this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was the sixth of eight Prestige family of albums Nelson recorded (March 1961). As with all his work for the label, these are solid performances. The up-tempo STRAIGHT AHEAD might be the highlight of the CD, while the medium-slow blues (the only blues piece on the album) is also excellent. All the tunes are originals (typical for a Nelson recording session), and all are distinctive. The rhythm section [Richard Wyands (p) George Duvivier (b) Roy Haynes (d)] is solid and Dolphy is, well, Dolphy. (I liked him a tad better on the SCREAMIN' THE BLUES Prestige album with Nelson and a lot better on THE BLUES AND THE ABSTRACT TRUTH.) A very nice album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'll start by saying that this is not the issue of Straight Ahead that I own. I have this as part of the Eric Dolphy Complete Prestige box-set that I reviewed here however many years ago, which was remastered more recently than this issue. So, my review is just on the performance and the quality of the album, not the sound.I love this album! It will always stand in the shadow of Blues &amp; the Abstract Truth because unlike Abstract, this album isn't packed full of as many of the big names in jazz, but don't let that fool you. This is also a classic album.There are times here where Dolphy swings like a demented circus performer, and Nelson is (as usual), dripping with blues and soul. The tunes are great and the performances milk every last drop of loveliness out of them. This is one of those albums where I tend to think that no jazz collection could be considered complete without it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the second of the 4 albums issued by Prestige at the end of Davis's association with the label. Four of the six titles come from the 10/26/56 date and two from 5/11/56, same personnel: Miles (tp) Coltrane (ts) Red Garland (p) Paul Chambers (b) Philly Joe Jones (d).Sonny Rollins's OLEO, based on the I GOT RHYTHM changes, is a great tune; this version is not quite as good as the original one done back in 1954 when Rollins was with Davis, but it's taken faster and really burns. YOU'RE MY EVERYTHING is a slow ballad that goes to double time for Coltrane's solo - a beautiful performance.All four of these Prestige releases are consistently fine (all the titles were recorded in one take only). The epitome of hard bop in the mid-50's. Great stuff."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lay whatever you have heard before aside.  Put aside all your pre-conceived notions about what &quot;great&quot; Miles actually is.  Try not to think of any &quot;concept&quot; albums, or story-line albums.  This  one will speak for itself.This, by far, is the best, and certainly my  favorite, Miles release ever.  What an incredibly broad thing to say about  such a legend!  I know. And before you either wholly dismiss me, or begin  cussing me, hear me out.Out of all the Miles I own, this is the one I  reach for time, after time, after time.  It is amazing.  It is beautiful,  from start to finish. This is exactly like &quot;Chet&quot; by Chet Baker.  It just doesn't get any better.You will love this, and if you give it  the chance, you will understand what I mean."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Miles Davis, John Coltrane, Philly Joe Jones, Red Garland and Paul Chambers formed one of the truely immortal groups in jazz history.  This session which was recorded in the famous Rudy Van Gelder studio in 1956 was one in a series of recordings that the quintet made during the summer-fall of 1956.  The other recordings that this famous group made was Steamin, Workin and Walkin.  What a series they made, and all of the recordings are an absolute must have to the serious Miles Davis/Jazz enthusiast.Highlights of this wonderful recording are &quot;If I were A Bell&quot;, &quot;Oleo&quot;, and &quot;It Could Happen To You&quot;.  But each and every song are a pure delight.  Highly, highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "right from the opening tones of &quot;if i were a bell,&quot; miles and  company (the classic quintet with john coltrane, red garland, paul  chambers, and philly joe jones) set the tone for a quietly swinging set of  cool jazz. miles continued to explore his own version of cool jazz (much  more bop oriented than west coast jazz), but here the sound is becoming  even more uncategorizable, more distinctly miles' own voice and timbre. he  explores melody and themes finding his own phrasing and expansions, leaving  plenty of room for the song to develop as it will. in sum, he uses silence  as part of the form, like ahmad jamal, for instance, creating tension and  setting fires within the tune. the band is stellar and one can hear  coltrane getting his own voice, as well, laying the foundations for what  was to come in a few years. well worth any price!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The album title is a nod to vibraphonist Milt \"Bags\" Jackson, who appears on the album with Sonny Rollins (s), Thelonious Monk (p), Horace Silver (p), Percy Heath (b) and Kenny Clarke (d). The seven cuts - including two versions each of Bags' Groove and But Not For Me - clock in at 45:53.Miles showcases the incredible songwriting talents of Rollins by recording Airegin, Oleo and Doxy. The two takes of the title cut are groove masters, but Rollins takes the spotlight through his work with pen & paper and the sax.The Prestige-era for Miles has a number of intriguing hard bop sides and this album again demonstrates the fabulous compositions, musicians and studio work that defined a generation."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The 1954 album Bags Groove by Miles Davis and the Modern Jazz Giants, who feature Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins, among others, is one of the best albums of the Miles Davis' early career. The band is incredible, with some of the top musicians of the time and of all time. The songs Doxy and But Not For Me are the least impressive songs on the album and aren't very strong, which slightly hurts the album, but not too much. The title track is great with some inspired trumpet playing by Miles. The two Sonny Rollins tunes, Airegin and Oleo are the highlights of the album. Both are really great songs that would become standards for both Sonny Rollins and Miles Davis. True, this is not the best album by Miles Davis, and maybee not even one of the best. It is still great, however, and is worth it just to hear Miles and Sonny soloing being backed by Monk."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I just received this remastered classic from Amazon and it is ASTOUNDING ! I can't believe it took me so long to pick this up. Miles sounds as good as I've ever heard him and the rest of the musicians are also at their best particularly Milt Jackson on the title track.  Monk sounds a bit tentative and the story is that Miles asked him to sit out while he took his solo but Monk came through when it was his time to comp behind Jackson's solo and take his own solo. He sounds inventive and unmistakably Monk. Horace Silver and Sonny Rollins both sound wonderful and the tracks where they are featured really swing. The heart of this fine CD is the incredible rhythm section of Percy Heath and Keny Clarke. These guys were rock solid throughout this session and with the remastering Heath's bass lines just jump through the speakers.Do not hesitate to purchase this. You will be glad you did."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Without a doubt, one of the five best jazz albums ever made is this 1956 masterpiece. Recorded in a single day at Rudy Van Gelder's living room/studio, Sonny Rollins earned his place as a legend with &quot;Saxophone Colossus&quot;. Aided and abetted by powerhouse drummer Max Roach, pianist Tommy Flanagan, and bassist Doug Watkins, the quartet plays with the precision of a chamber orchestra, and swings just as hard. It's not very often that you hear an album where the musicians are so in tune with each other. From the breezy sway of &quot;St. Thomas&quot; to the final notes of &quot;Blue 7&quot;, Rollins and company shows how it should be done. This newly remastered edition finally sounds as great as the original vinyl pressing but without the hefty price you'll shuck out for an original copy. No serious jazz fan should be without a copy of this amazing album in their collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of the best ever Jazz albums, recorded by one of the top five tenor players in Jazz history.The other musicians are:Tommy Flanagan - PianoDoug Watkins - BassMax Roach - drumsEven if you're not a Jazz fan you'll know Sonny Rollins 'St Thomas' which opens the album, with its calypso melody its one of the best known Jazz tunes. The performances are uniformly excellent and the sound is incredible since this album was recorded 50 years ago.The track 'Moritat' is in fact 'The theme from the three penny opera', but it sounds remarkably similar to 'Mack the Knife'. Whatever the tune really is, Rollins is never less throughly inventive, as anyone who has seen him live will testify to. This track perhaps contains the highlight of the album, where Sonny Rollins trades 4's with Max Roach.This is one of the classic Jazz albums and should be in everyones collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Chet Baker - Sings...It Could Happen To You. 180g vinylEvery trumpet player is really a singer...they just sing thru their instrument but on &#34;It Could Happen To You&#34; Chet actually uses his voice!This album is way too cool and relaxed.......lounge meets cool jazz !  On this album Chet picked 10 standards of the day and used his voice as a trumpet!  But there are no &#34;Bla Bla's or nonsense syllables here just Chets soft voice singing as if he was playing trumpet  ."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's hard for me to imagine that some jazz experts think that Chet's singing is a mere novelty act; a pop-side to the trumpeter's career...IMHO - Chet is a BRILLIANT singer: relaxed, cool, musical, laconically ironical and yet sometimes quite emotional; of course, he couldn't sing in the opera, but I'd really like to hear Pavaroti or Carreras achieve such subtly swinging moods as Chet does on this great album.Accompanied by Kenny Drew (p), Sam Jones (b) and Philly Joe Jones (dm) Chet is even harder swinger on this effort than on some of his other singing gigs (f.i. with Russ Freeman on piano) so, all I can say is - relax and enjoy it. Even if those experts I mentioned in the beginning are right, I still say they're wrong!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sonny Rollins, one of the most influential tenor saxophonists in the history of jazz. His deep tone, influenced by Coleman Hawkins and Ben Webster. Sonny Rollins is my favorite tenor saxophonist.Sonny is a very unique musician. Some of his ideas are very experimental, but his overall message, just swing! In this interesting format, tenor sax-bass-drums, Sonny shows his stuff, and plays his heart out.In jazz, tenor sax trios are fairly rare. Here, Ray Brown on bass and Shelly Manne on drums help Sonny out by delivering this swinging session.Obviously, the theme of this album was westerns. The old western standard I'm an Old Cowhand, is done here by Newk and the gang. Rollins' original Wagon Wheels is very catchy.Sonny Rollins had some great albums in his career, and this one should be considered to be among the best."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although not as strong and flowing as the superb \"Saxophone Colussus\" this record still contains some very good tracks. In particular I liked the swinging songs of \"I'm an Old Cowhand\", \"Wagon Wheels\" amd \"Way Out West\" which showcase some great solos from Sonny Rollins.Bassist Ray Brown and Drummer Shelly Manne make worthy contributions with some excellent solos of their own in the rhythm section but feel a little dissapointed with the absence of piano or guitar. When listening to all the songs it sometimes feels in my opinion as if there is something missing eventhough Sonny's playing is mostly wonderful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have been a Mobile Fidelity fan for years.  To be sure their product is always top shelf.  This release is no exception...it beats the socks off of the regular issue in terms of musical presentation.  Still, this recording would shine in 5.1 surround, so come on MoFi, give us a 5.1 presentation.  Sure I know your contract with Sony (CBS) prohibits you from releasing 5.1 CDs of their products, but this is NOT a CBS product.  If you got the original master tapes, getting the original 8 track master would not be much more difficult.  Please try a little harder next time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...I love this because it has that ultro long version of &quot;Walk On By&quot; (I used to boast to my 45 singles buying friends that they did not know how much they were being cheated)(Da-da DA-da DA-da Daaah-Duuum!) and the big hit you never get to hear anywhere--not even on classic soul radio--&quot;By the Time I Get to Phoenix&quot;...where you can imagine that dude going back to the hills of Tennessee after Iko's fabulous set up. The Barkays and the precursors to the Movement? Awesome. Get it and blow your mind."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like most 1970s Isaac Hayes albums, To Be Continued mines the revolutionary direction the Black Moses laid withHot Buttered Soulin 1969--taking pop songs and making them into huge, funk-orchestral odes.On Hot Buttered, this was unprecidented. To Be Continued is almost as good. But the hard funk edges here are beviled down, in favor of lush balladry essays. This is certianly a viable direction, and it is amazing to hear Hayes carve out huge caverns of sound from consice AM pop tunes.If the funky spikes had been maintained, at least for a number or two, this may have made for a better album, but for technique and the massive arranging talent that was Isaac Hayes, its hard to argue against this album"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "But it's not. Any way you slice it though it's still good. The weak spot here was the cover of \"Our Day Will Come\". However, it made up for it rather nicely with the cover of \"The Look Of Love\" which has reminiscence of the Philly Soul sound from the 70's. His was an even better version than Vanilla Fudge's. He also did a top notch cover of \"You Lost That Loving Feeling\". I write this not because we happen to share the same last name, but because it's some good sounding soul music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Damn!  When the sax comes in at the climax (no pun intended)of &quot;Help Me Love&quot; you just have to take your lover in your arms and dance.  This is just one of so many brilliant moments to be found in the two sprawling discs of &quot;Black Moses.&quot;  Isaac Hayes' orchestrations and musical conceptions transcend any notion of the 1970s or &quot;soul music&quot; for that matter.  The much-sampled &quot;Ike's Rap&quot; movements deserve special mention as well.  You need this in your life."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "INVITE 2 TO 1000 OF YOUR CLOSEST FRIENDS OVER FOR A HOUSE-PARTY; GET OUT THE CARDS, PLAY SOME TONK, MAYBE SOME SPADES, PUT THIS CD ON FIRST AND PLAY IT, DRINK SOME KOOL-AID, PLAY MORE CARDS, CUSS AND EXXAGERATE STORIES, PLAY A WHOLE BUNCH OF DIFFERENT MUSIC IN-BETWEEN AND THEN, NEAR THE END OF THE PARTY, PUT THIS CD ON AGAIN...MOST OF THE INTERLOPERS SHOULD HAVE LEFT BY NOW AND YOU AND YOUR REAL-REAL BUDDIES CAN DO WHAT'CHU DO. ENJOY."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I keep hearing from Eric Clapton and many others that Freddie King is this hot blues guitar player. Well, I have been picking up his records inexpensively as I find them.I must be buying the wrong albums--later ones--because like Buglar, the Freddie King I have found is more rock inflected funk R&B.;But I have said the wrong word when I said \"wrong\" Freddie King albums, because from what I hear, these will do just fine.This album is funky, creamy blues funk, played by a master musician with a master backing band. I love King's ability to form potent leads out of a few notes. Like any King bluesman or great guitar player, Freddie has an amazing talent for taking a small pattern, and just ringing the hell out of it. Minimum playing, but maximum emotion.His voice is just amazing. Pure blues and soul.If I knew Freddie like others know Freddie. Well, with albums like this, beleive me, it won't be too long."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "FREDDIE KING WAS AN AMAZING GUITAR PLAYER AND HAD A LIGHT, BREEZY STYLE OF SINGING THAT COULD PACK A LOT OF PUNCH, TOO.  HE HAD TWO PHASES TO HIS CAREER: HIS ORIGINAL STUFF RECORDED IN THE EARLY 60'S ON THE KING LABEL, AND HIS LATER PHASE OF HIS CAREER, MOST OF WHICH HAS BEEN CAPTURED ON VINYL ON LEON RUSSELL'S SHELTER RECORDS LABEL.  THIS CD FALLS SOMEWHERE IN BETWEEN THOSE TWO PHASES. THIS ALBUM WAS ON THE POLYDOR LABEL AND WAS PRODUCED BY ERIC CLAPTON, WHO IDOLIZED FREDDIE (I GOT TO SEE THEM PERFORM TOGETHER ON TOUR AT ROOSEVELT STADIUM IN NEW JERSEY IN 1975 OR 1976). THIS IS A GOOD ALBUM BUT NOT A GREAT ONE, ANYTHING ON THE KING OR SHELTER LABELS IS MUCH BETTER THAN THIS. IF YOU WANT TO HEAR SOME FREDDIE KING BUT NOT ANY OF HIS SEMINAL RECORDINGS, I GUESS YOU WILL ENJOY THIS CD, BUT IT'S JUST A LITTLE BIT TOO MIDDLE-OF-THE-ROAD FOR ME."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you have heard of Stevie Ray Vaughan, Eric Johnson, Walter Trout, Johnny Lang or Joe Kubek; Ask where does their music come from? Most probably the answer is: Freddie King; Burglar.In this album, Freddie sets the standards of any guitar used in a blues or a rock song.A 1972 release, shortly before his death, this album will blow your mind and ears away. No other blues album of its generation comes close; and this is nothing like Fredddie's previous releases.I believe that Freddie King ranks in Blues the same as Miles Davis in Jazz. Too bad he died too soon.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the first pop two-disc box sets is now on one CD. The title refers to Donovan as the \"prince of flower power\", the \"Garden\" being his fans. A must for both young and old. Donovan wrote the liner notes (the first half of the disc's lyrics are very small, being copied from the LP sleeve. The \"Songs For Little Ones\" half begins with the wailing of Donovan's son (probably Donovan Leitch Jr. who was born around the time). Like many of his tunes they are simple and childlike. He even pays tribute to his mentor Derroll Adams in the last song \"Epistle to Derroll\".It should be noticed there are many references to sea and aquatic life (a recurring Donovan theme) so this is the perfect album for a summer's day!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Depending on how one views the landscape, this could be seen as the second solo effort by Ian Anderson, since the Jethro Tull album \"A\" was slated to be Anderson's debut, but was released under the band's name due to a decision by record company executives.Released in November 1983, it is a collaborative effort with keyboardist Peter-John Vettese that strides back into the progressive rock/electronics of \"A.\" The 10 tracks are equally split between Anderson and Anderson/Vettese compositions, while clocking in at 38:29.The standout selections are Made in England, User-Friendly and Different Germany. The electronic period of Anderson (solo/band) is oftentimes overlooked by fans and critics, but it shows an artist attempting to use a variety of paints on a familiar canvas to keep the sound fresh, which is a creative walk down a lane of brilliant light."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's incredible that an album as obscure as this is still in print on vinyl. That said, the album itself was totally groundbreaking for 1968, especially with all of the early electronic effects (ring modulators particularly) used in the music. It's also worth noting that there is no guitar on the album- instead, the band opts for lots of really solid violin and awesome keyboards. The songs themselves are all very well written, especially those on side 2. My personal favorites are probably \"Where is Yesterday\", \"Love Song for the Dead Che\", and \"Stranded in Time\". The album isn't all too accessible initially, but with enough listening all of the tracks will eventually grow on you. And the vinyl pressing itself rules. Very quiet pressing, and comes in the original manila envelope. Would highly recommend to Jefferson Airplane fans, but anybody could enjoy this album. Well worth $20."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Originally released in 1968, as this was the Los Angeles short-lived psych band's only record, unfortunately. Wound up liking this CD reissue much better than I had expected. With this Sundazed reissue, you get the lp's initial ten songs + ten more bonus cuts tagged on for good measure. Thoroughly enjoyed a couple of their awesome [undiscovered psychedelic gems] \"Cloud Song\" followed by \"The Garden Of Earthy Delights\", the quirky \"I Won't Leave My Wooden Wife For You, Sugar\", the harmony vocals enriched \"Where Is Yesterday\", the adventurous six-minute ahead-of-it's time \"Stranded In Time\" and \"Metaphor For An Older Man\". Turns out the extra tunes you get on this disc isn't bad either. Recommended for fans of Druids Of Stonehenge, Fifty Foot Hose and early Jefferson Airplane."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yes, I love this album. This Sundazed version is preferred because of all the bonus tracks and the edifying interviews with Byrd and Moskowitz. And, of course, the sound. The Edsel release is also nice and actually more like the original because the original had no bonus cuts either (!), but it has some booklet comments. Got the virgin vinyl through a mail order house called Records Unlimited--pretty modern for those days, eh? So here we have a few crazy university people manifesting a well-composed and mighty trippy psychedelic record for posterity--and extra credit, I presume. A brilliant odd duck swimming amongst all the less brilliant ducks. A singular creative adventure completely worthy of years of happy listening. Inspiring enough that I even took a whack at playing a couple of these tunes in public. Wanna see faces get weird?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yes, we all know many of the big name late 60's West Coast Rock bands, many which rarely got much above mediocrity. This group, hardly known then and less so today, recorded some of the finest, most interesting, and original songs right here on this, their only (I think) album!.What we have here is a mixture of really original melodies, poetic lyrics, fine arrangements. and singing/ harmonies that still hold up well! Listen to the quasi-spiritual WHERE IS YESTERDAY, and you'll know exactly what I mean!.Same with CLOUD SONG, EARTHLY DELIGHTS, and most of the others, including a circus like/vaudevillian number as well! Even with 2 or 3 duds, the rest is as good anything from that era, including the similar sounding Jeff Airplane, and the 1960's summit, the Beatles!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After thirteen years in the music business,Toni Braxton is an R&B legend. On her debut album,this one,Braxton pleases her fans with ANOTHER SAD SONG,which \"hips and hops\". It \"says so much\" like a similarly entitled Elton John composition and recording. BREATHE AGAIN is very smooth R&B and so is YOU MEAN THE WORLD TO ME. Some of these songs were written by Diane Warren who wrote hits for Michael Bolton. Braxton's rise to fame led to a duet recording with ex-Doobie Brother Michael McDonald for his MOTOWN 2 album,released last year. The other songs are great. There is a short reprise of BA,which is Track 12 of this CD. Braxton also caught the attention of Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds and Antonio \"L.A.\" Reid who served as producers and session musicians for this album. Currently,Reid is president of Arista Records who also produced music for Avril LaVigne."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The one thing about this CD is how Babyface and Toni Braxton have the same style.What a perfect match.When I first heard &quot;Another Sad Love Song,&quot; I was blown away from this new singer.The deep soulfull voice was beutifull.&quot;Best Friends,&quot; written my Toni is one of my favorites from the album,but the one that really gets my heart pumping is &quot;Seven Whole Days.&quot;In some ways,I can see alot of Anita Baker's vocals in Toni on this cut,and thats a compliment.I really enjoyed this debut record from Toni.One of the great talented singers to come from the 90's."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton is super sexy and with an equally seductive voice. Her debut was a perfect introduction to the R&B; world. While I think Secrets is her best work Toni Braxton is also impressive.Another Sad Love Song and Breathe Again are super hits. Enough said. Love Affair, Seven Whole Days, Love Shoulda Brought you Home and my fav You Mean the World to Me are all highlights.The reason I rated this 4 stars is the other songs are okay I guess but I usually skip. The Cd can get moody and depressing without a true uptempo song.If your looking for Classic Toni look at Secrets!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What a good album. \"Another Sad Love Song\" is upbeat while \"Breathe Again\" is sensuous and cherubic. \"Seven Whole Days\" is for people who miss their special partner. There are 5 singles from Toni Braxton's debut! \"Love Affair\" has a nice beat. \"Candlelight\" is breathtaking. \"Spending My Time With You\" is energetic. \"Love Shoulda Brought You Home\" has great piano. \"I Belong To You\" sounds merry. \"How Many Ways\" brings up the idea of different love techniques. \"You Mean The World To Me\" is fantastic but serious. \"Best Friend\" is a slow jam with piano. Enough said."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the best albums of the 90s, this album had some of the most momentous crossover appeal ever. During its first couple of years it was all over black urban radio, yet it was tastefully restrained enough to have continued success on adult contemporary and soft rock radio stations to this day. \"Another Sad Love Song\", \"Breathe Again\", \"You Mean The World To Me\", \"How Many Ways\" and \"Seven Whole Days\" are among the true gems of contemporary R&B. Her next album, Secrets, had a couple of sizable hits and is generally good, if not as brilliant as this. However, after that, she was forced to declare bankruptcy, and since then, her quest to reclaim her wealth has resulted in a series of subpar albums that simply cannot touch the greatness of this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton's self-titled debut CD was undoubtedly the best album ever released by LaFace Records.  Unlike most of her contemporaries, Toni Braxton is a truly soulful singer whose emotive and soul-stirring vocals breathe life and give meaning to even the most mundane material. Sultry, sensuous, romantic and classy ballads like \"Breathe Again\", \"Best Friend\", \"You Mean The World To Me\", \"Candlelight\" and \"Love Srought You Home\" were all major hits that deservedly propelled this CD to multi-platinum status and made Ms. Braxton an international superstar. L.A. Reid, Babyface and the other producers and songwriters who worked on this album gave Toni Braxton some truly first-rate songs but her stunning and ultra-elegant vocals are your real reason for buying this CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "[One CD, with a running time of 53:18] Fifty-three minutes of pure paradise! These twelve songs show off Toni Braxton's silky smooth voice at its best. R&B; or pop, whatever you want to call these songs, all are smooth, quiet, and easy to listen to love songs that make for some excellent slow dancing. My favorites are Another Sad Love Song and Breathe Again. But, all of the songs on this CD are excellent!As an added bonus, the CD's paperwork contains the words to the songs, plus the back is a nice, small poster. I love extras!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton's debut single, &quot;Another Sad Love Song,&quot; caught my attention like no other in 1993. It encouraged me to go out and buy her debut album, and it exceeded my expectations. Every song on this album was  either a hit or had the potential to become a hit. It's a good album to  listen to after a long day, or if you just feel like relaxing. The  highlights include &quot;Breathe Again,&quot; &quot;You Mean The World To  Me,&quot; &quot;Love Shoulda Brought You Home,&quot; and &quot;Best  Friend,&quot; most of which was produced by the then-popular duo of L.A.  and Babyface. One listen of this album proves that it is one to keep for  the ages..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Before starting my review, let me state something to everybody.  This is not &quot;Lil' John get crunk&quot; or &quot;NoLimit I'm a thug&quot; music (though I guess they have their place), but this is a funk inspired journey through the lives and thoughts of Outkast.  This CD is one of my favorite albums of all time.  And just to think, they were only 18 when they made this album. Backed by Organized Noise, this CD can do no wrong.  Every song is on point (yes, every song).  I won't go on and on (Badu reference) about the CD, but it is unbelievably dope.  If you like this CD, you'll love Goodie Mob's &quot;Soul Food&quot; (another ground-breaking, thought-provoking album)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is so tight it's difficult to describe.  Every singlesong is straight.  From the first one, to D.E.E.P. they are all easyto listen to.  I judge a CD by how many tracks it has that I love to listen to each time they come on.The subject matter involves most classic rap themes, but embraces knowledge, and acknowledges the destabilizing effect that hip hop culture can have on those not prepared for it.This CD has 8 or 9 classics on it.  I mean every time the song comes on, you just bob your head and zone out.  Dre's lyrics are unstoppable, Big Boi's lyrics are unstoppable, plus on the one skit, they let you know just what it's like to be an Outkast.&quot;an outkast is someone who isn't accepted in society because of his hair, his beliefs or his skin color, now ask yourself, are you an outkast.  If you believe the fundamental truths contained in this album you probably are."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One word comes to mind when describing this album....classic.  Anyone that tells you otherwise doesn't know what a classic hip hop album should sound like.  Outkast narrorates ghetto tales on top of some of the funkiest beats I've ever heard.  And unlike most southern acts, they got rhyming skills.  I normally rate each song seprately, but there's no need to because the entire album is fire.  If you haven't heard this album, then stop reading this review and go get it......right now!Hottest of The Hot Songs:SouthernplayalisticadillacmuzikPlayer's BallMyintrotoletuknowGit Up, Git Out feat. Goodie MobClaimin' TrueCrumblin' ErbFunky RideHootie Hoo"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Positives: For the most part, this album is straight up Southern funk and good rapping. This is before Outkast got really good but it's still a solid collection of songs. The production is pretty good and you can see the beginning of a strong lyrical duo forming. My favorite track is &quot;Git Up, Git Out&quot; cause I can identify with it.Negatives: Becuase I heard their best album to date, Aquemini, before this one, I expected more in terms of production and lyrics. If I would have heard this album before I heard their more recent stuff, I would have said this album was pretty dope. Overall, this is good Southern rap."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The combination of Organized Noize, Kast and Goodie Mob made this classic pop back in the summer of 94. This joint put Atlanta on the map for real. Andre came hard lyrically with a New York influenced flow with Big Boi playing cleanup man. Sleepy Brown had the Curtis Mayfield'esque vibe going on. This joint laid the ground work for what would later lead the South dominating rap music.Top Joints:MyintrotoletuknowAin't No Thang  (Hard)SouthernplayalisticadillacmuzikPlayer's Ball (Original)Claimin' TrueFunky RideGit Up, Git Out  (Classic Ceelo chorus. Great message for the slackers.)Crumblin' ErbHootie Hoo  (Classic)D.E.E.P.Player's Ball (Reprise)  (Pimp Tight)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Highlights are You're Making Me High, Talking In His Sleep, Find Me A Man, Let It Flow, Why Should I Care, Come On Over Here and I Love Me Some Him.Filler? Not a lot, but Un-break My Heart comes close and In The Late Of Night/Toni's Secrets is OK and nothing to speak of. So I guess that means no filler! ^_^;;Cover Art: A-Songwriting: B+Vocals: B-Vocal Emotion: A-Production: B+Overall: 4.3754.375 = 4.384.38 stars."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton came out with her sophomore album, Secrets, in June 1996. Toni revealed a more sexier, yet classier image, and it was reflected on each of these songs. A few songs that stand out on the album are the title track, How could an Angel Break My Heart, There's No Me Without You, and You're Making Me High. A few standout ballads would be In the Late of Night, which was written by Jon B. Another ballad that sticks out from this album is Find Me a Man. Secrets is definitely Toni Braxton at her finest. This cd is definitely a good one that shouldn't be kept secret!!!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you can...tell anyone you know about this CD!Toni has outdone herself: most of the tracks produced by Babyface (including the Summer 1996 # 1 hit YOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH), but with support from David Foster (UN-BREAK MY HEART, written by Diane Warren and one of the best selling singles ever...), R. Kelly (I DON'T WANT TO), Soulshock &amp; Carlin (I LOVE ME SOME HIM, extra nice tune to me...) and Toni Rich Project (COME ON OVER HERE).Add some studio help from Keny G. and a soundtrack tune (LET IT FLOW, from WAITING TO EXHALE), and the 3 bonus remixes of all of the singles off the CD - including the dancefloor anthem for UN-BREAK MY HEART...You will come up with one of the best R'n'B albums ever"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni's sophomore set continued her progression from an excellent debut.  This is a strong collection of songs where Toni's vocal phrasings and the song melodies are beautiful from one track to the next.  On the Babyface productions, it's like he & Toni are both halves of one brain - and although more Adult Contemporary than straight R&B;, the songs are still memorable, melodic and beautiful.I saw Toni on a commercial recently which prompted my little Toni-athon and rediscovered singles that I hadn't listened to in a while: THERE'S NO ME WITHOUT YOU, WHY SHOULD I CARE, IN THE LATE OF NIGHT and FIND ME A MAN in addition to the \"hits\" that I love: LET IT FLOW, I LOVE ME SOME HIM, UNBREAK MY HEART & YOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH.Overall this is a great second offering from one of my favorite vocalists who we need to hear more new music from!  Please come back soon, Toni!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This a a brilliant album from Toni. Beautiful ballads throughout and her voice is so soothing and sultry. My particular favourites are &quot;Un-break my heart&quot; and &quot;How could an Angel break my heart&quot;, but all songs are good. This is an album I can listen to over and over again...beautiful. The 24 page booklet contains all lyrics and plenty of photos of Toni. If you're looking for an album for a romantic dinner or 'something', then look no further. Track #12 though, I think is a trick...it doesn't exist."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When any artist's first album is so on fire as Toni Braxton's debut was, it's a pretty safe assumption that subsequent releases will have a hard time living up to it, and that, to a moderate extent, is the case here. She still had some fire left in her, as evidenced on the hip-hoppish but respectable hit \"You're Makin' Me High\" and the emotional ballad \"Unbreak My Heart\". Also good are the ballad \"Let It Flow\" and the sultry, teasing ditty \"Talking In His Sleep.\" Unfortunately, before she had a chance to make a third album, the bankruptcy set in, and since then she has been just a shell of her former self on every album she's made after this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton took off like a spaceship in the 1990's. Secrets, her second album, remains as one of the most romantic and simple albums I've ever heard from her. Romantic Ballads like Un-Break My Heart, and In The Late Of Night, showcase her talent in R&amp;B as a strong siren. While dance tracks Come On Over Here and You're Makin Me High, inject an grittier sound in her voice. This is the one album I enjoyed the most that Toni Braxton released. It was really worth the bucks."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton waited 3 years to release her sophomore effort, Secrets, which follows the same formula as its predecessor while managing to sound fresh and new. The big ballad \"Un-break My Heart\" is the obvious smash hit, but other classics include the sultry \"You're Makin' Me High\" and the relaxing \"Let it Flow.\" Smooth album cuts like \"Why Should I Care\" and \"Come on Over Here\" ensure that the album moves with a soulful, slow-burn feel from beginning to end. Secrets is the rare sophomore album that outdoes the artist's debut. 4 Stars."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "CLASSIC:SECRETS_1996style:SOUL:r&b;:whisperthe:SINGLESYOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH:sugestive_sexy_classic_#1LET IT FLOW:easy_goin'_sweet_FLIP SIDEUN-BREAK MY HEART:melancolic_anthemic_ballad_#1I DON'T WANT TO:simple_mellow_easy_top 20I LOVE ME SOME HIM:vocals_sultry_best_track_top R&B;HOW COULD AN ANGEL BREAK MY HEART:jazzy_corny_sweetTHE:songsCOME ON OVER HERE:pop_easy_beatTHERE'S NO ME WITHOUT YOU:r&b;_classic_babyfaceTALKING IN HIS SLEEP:amazing_whispering_sultry_pasionateFIND ME A MAN:soulful_mellow_balladWHY SHOULD I CARE:carefree_easy_sunnyIN THE LATE OF THE NIGHT:piano_closure_greatthe:VIDEOSYOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH:curly_apple_rating_elevatorUN-BREAK MY HEART:pool_motorcycle_barbra_wigI DONT WANT TO:jeans_tshirt_oneshotthe:LEGACYSecrets is one of the best done sophomore album for any singer, Toni Braxton match her sales and success with her debut.  But Secrets provided something that was larger than life, a  classic UN BREAK MY HEART, and the sales still boasting, and Miss Braxton will always be remember as one of the sultriest singers out there.Santiago L&oacute;pezVisit Guatemala U will enjoy it!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This a much better improvement than her debut which was good but not great like this one. The cd starts of coming alive and then soars with tracks like Talking in his sleep, Find me a man, Why should I care and I love me some him. After 8 years on the market this cd still has a refined sound to it as if debut yesturday . If you don't or never owned a Toni B album this is a very good one to start with. Also Try THE HEAT &amp; More up to date More Than A Woman."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tony Rich is a wonderful all-round artist. This entire album was produced, written, arranged and performed by him with only a small amount of help on a few songs by additional musicians. And every song is so good even though the album only spawned one major hit, &quot;Nobody knows&quot;. The other songs were for the most part, overlooked, and it is a shame, because there's not one filler in the entire album. The 16 page booklet includes numerous photos and all the lyrics. This really is a wonderful album, and highly recommended. If you are a fan of Brian McKnight then you will for sure love Tony Rich too."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the fact that that amazon lists the following other artists as ones you may be interested in if you pick up this album: Black Eyed Peas, Usher, Ludacris and Britney Spears. Where has Outkast gone wrong in recent years?It's simple, if you enjoy Superbowl halftime shows and TiVo MTV for your favorite TV shows, please DON'T buy this album. ATLiens is nothing like the new stuff. This album is raw. It's scuffed. It's a 93 degree Atlanta summer Friday afternoon and there's nothing going on but bad traffic and this album.Pick it up if you liked the first (SouthernPlayalistik...) but don't bother if Speakerboxx/LB is what you are looking for."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "OUTKAST'S ATLiens is one of the most experimental, explosive and moving albums in Hip Hop history. I know a couple of people put off by the video for \"Elevators\" but you could not deny that the song was dope.  Outkast now is house hold name, but in 94 Outkast was very underated.  First time i listen to the album complete i almost cried.  The music is so beautiful, but the words are so heartfelt.  The last two songs are unlike anything i had herd at the time, and still holds 10 years later.  This made Outkast more than just a Hip Hop act they were something more, It also led the way for the classic \"Aquimini.\" A+"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Along with Aquemini, this is one of my favorite albums of all time. At first this album may seem a little bit out there. When you look at the the cover, they look like some \"aliens or genies. But once you start listening you realize how good songs like \"Wheelz of Steel\" and \"Mainstream\" are. Then the rest of the album just falls into place. People who don't own the album may have heard the radio songs \"ATLiens\" and \"Elevators\". If you think those are good but haven't heard the rest of the album, then you're in for a treat. The rest of the album is just as good and better in many cases. This album is also really good for people who like to blaze it up and listen to some music that will really f#%k with you. Overall it is an excellent album for anybody and if you haven't heard it, I would recommend getting it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "to me this is when outkast was very hungry, me im not a big fan of southern rap but this album is very different than other southern albums that came out in '96. i like the production on this album its dark and yes im a fan of dark beats.the standout tracks to me are Elevators (Me & You),Ova Da Wudz,Babylon, and Elevators (ONP 86 Mix), its the same as elevator the original except that they changed the drums and it actually has scratching and its edited for some reason. recommended for 90's hip hop fans and fans of outkast and their early material."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "they expose a nerve with this one!most rappers shout-out god in they credits, but few touch on somethin spiritual in their actual lyrics...outkast aint nowhere near saints, but you can feel the spiritual searchin in the undertones of what they are sayin...soul searchin is what hip-hop needs more of.  that's what sets this release from other hip-hop classics; these boys are always lookin to grow beyond not just where they at, but from where they might be tomorrow....but yall proly aint feelin me on that, so i'll just say this:&quot;me anyuuu  yomama an yocuz zin toooooooooo......&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "ATLiens, in my opinion, is a better CD thanSouthernplayalisticadillacmuzik.  Both are definite hip hop classics, but I have this draw to ATLiens.  I can't explain what it is.The CD is very different from the first.  Where the first was built around the gangster concept, this CD builds its own concept.  One I have yet to put a name to.My favorite songs include Two Dope Boys, ATLiens, Jazzy Belle, Elevators, Babylon, Millenium, and Extra-Terrestrial.Definite Must Have."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is a good album. The production is pretty good, the guest appearances go well with Pac( Method Man, Redman, Big Syke, Outlaws, Daz, Kurupt) and Pac maintains a decent flow. However his subject matter on this album strays from a more focused and serious Pac to the full fledged thug. The subject matter of All Eyez on Me does not equal up to the level of his previous efforts such as Me Against the World, and 2Pacalypse Now. Once again, a pretty good album for beats and to bump in the car, but Pac left the focused, thought provoking lyrics in exchange for the thug."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No doubt that this is the best Gangsta Rap-album ever. And no doubt that this is one of the best (maybe thee best) hiphop-albums of all time.If you are a fan of 50 CENT, Ja RULE, C-Murder, LIL ZANE etc and u do NOT own this you need to buy it QUICK becouse if it wasn't for this album none of them would sound like they do, IN FACT at many times they are stealing Tupac's art and that's a shame.People seem to think that CALIFORNIA LOVE is Tupac's best song but that's far from it, In fact I could mention 100 songs from TUPAC that is better. (but I won't)The best songs are: &quot;WHEN WE RIDE&quot;,&quot;SHORTY WANNA B A THUG&quot;, &quot;CAN'T C ME&quot;, &quot;ALL EYEZ ON ME&quot; hey, it's not many songs on the album who aren't great so BUY IT.Rate it: 5/5"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R.I.P 2PAC YOU NOT TRAPPED NO MORE, AND I WILL KEEP YA HEAD UP. I SAY THAT TO SAY THIS, HEARTZ OF MEN TELLS THE TALE OF SMILLING BACKSTABBERS WHO DON'T UNDERSTAND LOYALTY FOR IF THEY DID WE WOULD STILL HAVE 2PAC & BIGGIE. IM CHOKED UP TO TALK ABOUT THIS BECAUSE A TALENT THAT WAS TAKEN WAS ONE OF GREAT MAGNITUDE, NOT BEFORE NOR AFTER WILL WE SEE ANOTHER TALENT LIKE 2PAC FOR THAT MATTER NEITHER BIGGIE, BUT I GOTTA GIVE IT UP FOR DA WESTSIDE FOR BEING THE BESTSIDE. ALL EYEZ ON ME IS AN ANTHEM FOR ANY PARTY OR CUSTOM RIDE HIT DA SHAW IF YA KNOW WHAT I KNOW."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I believe this to be 2pac's best record. He was hungry, coming straight out of jail and recording this double disc album. It has so many classic tracks. Life Goes On, Cali Love RMX, Only God Can Judge Me, Picture Me Rollin, All Eyez on Me,  I Ain't Mad At Cha, and many more. Life Goes On is one of 2pac's deepest and most impressive tracks he ever did. So is Only God can Judge Me. I know you don't want me babbling on about how good this album is so I will give you 3 words. CLASSIC BUY NOW."}
